--- Page 1 ---
Rabobank 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
Under the Global Medium-Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or “Rabobank Nederland”) may, 
through its head office or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes only, through Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch (“Rabobank Australia Branch”) or through Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A. New Zealand Branch (“Rabobank New Zealand Branch”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to time, issue Global Medium-Term Notes 
(the “Notes”). References herein to the “Issuer” shall mean Rabobank acting through its head office or through Rabobank Australia Branch or Rabobank New Zealand Branch. 
 
Notes to be issued under this Global Medium Term Note Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”), (ii) Notes which will rank junior to Senior 
Preferred Notes but senior to Dated Subordinated Notes (as defined and further described herein) and have terms capable of qualifying as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations (as 
defined herein ) (the “Non-Preferred Senior Notes”) and (iii) Notes which are subordinated as further described herein and have terms capable of qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (as defined 
herein) (the “Dated Subordinated Notes”). 
 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 160,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The Programme is, and Notes issued 
under it may be, denominated in euro, which means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union (“Member States”) that have adopted the single currency pursuant to the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
 
Application has been made to the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten or the “AFM”) as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) to approve this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue by the Issuer of Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes, Variable Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Range Accrual Notes and Zero Coupon Notes (in each case, excluding such Notes which constitute money market instruments (as defined 
in Article 2(1) of Directive 2009/65/EC) having a maturity of less than 12 months (“Money Market Instruments”)) which are: (a) offered to the public in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, whether or not such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any market; or (b) either: (i) 
admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam N.V.’s Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”); (ii) admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange”); or (iii) admitted to trading on another regulated market as defined under 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”), such Notes hereinafter referred to as the “PR Notes”. PR 
Notes may be issued in any denominations as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), and any PR Notes which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) and do not otherwise fall within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation are referred to hereinafter as “Non-Exempt 
PR Notes”. The Issuer will only issue Non-Exempt PR Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes (subject to certain exceptions as set out on page 60) and, in each case, only 
where such Notes are Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation 
(in relation to PR Notes only). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
The Issuer may also issue (a) Money Market Instruments and (b) unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated market in the European Economic Area (where 
such Notes are, in addition, issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or otherwise fall within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes, together with Money Market Instruments, are hereinafter referred to as “Exempt Notes”). The AFM has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue of any Exempt Notes. 
 
The relevant final terms to this Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether such Notes will be listed on Euronext Amsterdam or the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or any other stock exchange) or whether the Notes will be unlisted. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined herein) in bearer form will initially be represented by a temporary global note in bearer form, without interest coupons (each a “temporary 
Global Note”). If Global Notes in bearer form are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes (as defined below) of one Series, and may be represented by a Global Certificate (as defined below). Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered 
global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”), the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Global Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) which are not issued in NGN form (“CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche either with (a) a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or (b) such other clearing system as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Interests in temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in permanent global notes (each, a “permanent Global Note” and, 
together with the temporary Global Notes, the “Global Notes”), or, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, definitive Notes (“Definitive Notes”), on or after the date falling 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in whole but 
not in part as described under “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
Notes (other than AMTNs (as defined below)) of any Series to be issued in registered form (“Registered Notes”) and which are sold in an “offshore transaction” within the meaning of 
Regulation S (“Unrestricted Notes”) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each, an “Unrestricted 
Global Certificate”), without interest coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
with the Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Registered Notes issued by Rabobank which are sold in the United States to “qualified institutional buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act 
(“Restricted Notes”) will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each, a “Restricted Global Certificate” and, together with the “Unrestricted Global Certificate”, 
the “Global Certificates”), without interest coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date either with (a) the Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
(b) a custodian for, and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC.  
 
Beneficial interests in Global Certificates held by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records 
maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC and their participants. See “Clearing and Settlement”. The provisions governing the exchange of interests in the Global Notes 
and in each Global Certificate are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes of any Series to be issued under the Australian Agency Agreement (as defined herein) (“AMTNs”) will be issued in registered 
form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the Australian Register (as defined herein) in evidence of which a global certificate (an “AMTN Global Certificate”) will be issued and 
deposited with the Registrar to hold on behalf of the registered holders of the AMTNs on the clearing system operated by Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 002 060 773) (“Austraclear”). The AMTNs 
have been accepted for clearance through the Austraclear System operated by Austraclear. An acceptance for clearance by Austraclear is not a recommendation or endorsement by Austraclear. 
For so long as the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, the registered holder of the AMTNs will be Austraclear. 
 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of the Commonwealth of Australia (the “Australian Corporations Act”)) in relation to the 
Notes has been or will be lodged with or registered by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission as a disclosure document for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act or 
with ASX Limited (“ASX”).

--- Page 2 ---
Long-term Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank are expected to be rated AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and long-term Senior Preferred 
Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank Australia Branch are expected to be rated AA- by Fitch Australia Pty Ltd. (“Fitch Australia”). Senior Preferred Notes issued under the 
programme are expected to be rated Aa3 by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or more are expected to be rated A+ by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued by Rabobank under the Programme are expected to be rated A+ by Fitch and A- by S&P. Dated Subordinated Notes issued 
under the Programme by Rabobank are expected to be rated Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by S&P. Each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”). Fitch Australia is not established in the European Union but the rating it has given to the long-term Senior Preferred Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by Fitch, which is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A list of credit rating agencies registered under the 
CRA Regulation is published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website. In addition, this Base Prospectus contains or refers to certain credit ratings issued by DBRS 
Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). DBRS is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
Tranches of Notes (as defined below) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without prior notice. 
 
Factors which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Programme and factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are set out on pages 27 to 41. 
 
This Base Prospectus will be valid as a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation for 12 months from 12 May 2021. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. 
 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2020. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
Credit Suisse 
 
Dealers
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe  
HSBC  
Mizuho Securities  
Nomura  
RBC Capital Markets
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup 
Credit Suisse
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan
Morgan Stanley
Rabobank
TD Securities
UBS Investment Bank
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12 May 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................ 10 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 27 
PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA .................. 60 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 66 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS ......................................................................................................... 68 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 69 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES .................................................... 72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES ......................................... 162 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................. 218 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...................... 273 
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................. 283 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT ............................................................................................................ 286 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OF RABOBANK GROUP ..................................................................... 290 
STRUCTURE AND GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP .............................................................. 299 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................................. 303 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 334 
RISK MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................................. 338 
GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP ............................................................................................. 346 
REGULATION OF RABOBANK GROUP ................................................................................................ 354 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS OF RABOBANK GROUP .................................................... 366 
RABOBANK AUSTRALIA BRANCH ....................................................................................................... 368 
RABOBANK NEW ZEALAND BRANCH ................................................................................................. 369 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 370 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................................................... 405 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................. 407 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ...................................................................................................................... 410 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PR NOTES (OTHER THAN NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES) ......................... 418 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – EXEMPT NOTES ....................................................................................... 451 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES ....................................................................... 501 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 522

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-
paragraph (ii) below may apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area (each a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the 
offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer or (ii) in 
the circumstances described under “Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European 
Economic Area” on pages 60 to 65. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement 
a prospectus for such offer. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in 
the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Dealers (excluding Rabobank (in its capacity as Dealer)) or the Arranger makes 
any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy 
or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or the Arranger that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described 
under the section headed “Risk Factors”. This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks 
of an investment in the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation, as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers nor the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
In connection with the issue of any tranche of a Series of Notes (a “Tranche”), one or more 
relevant Dealers (in such capacity, the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising 
Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after

--- Page 5 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
5 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact 
the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential Investor’s Currency (as defined in the risk factor entitled “If any investor 
holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. 
In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in 
an investor not receiving payments on those Notes”); 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any State 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and are being sold pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of such Act. The Notes include Notes, in bearer form, that are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold or, in 
the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S and (in the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) within the 
United States to “qualified institutional buyers” in reliance on Rule 144A. Prospective purchasers 
are hereby notified that sellers of Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of 
Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales, and transfers of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer 
Restrictions”.

--- Page 6 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
6 
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”), any State securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. 
regulatory authority, nor has any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits 
of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels).  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – If applicable, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels).  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU)

--- Page 7 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
7 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FMSA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are “prescribed capital markets 
products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers” as “Not Applicable”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to “consumers” 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic law (Wetboek 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
Credit ratings are for distribution only to a person in Australia who is not a “retail client” 
within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia and is also a 
sophisticated investor, professional investor or other investor in respect of whom disclosure is not 
required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia. Anyone in Australia 
who is not such a person is not entitled to receive this Base Prospectus and anyone who receives 
this Base Prospectus must not distribute it to any person in Australia who is not entitled to receive 
it.  
 Benchmarks Regulation – Amounts payable on Notes issued under the Programme may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any 
such reference rate constitutes a benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation, the applicable 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation 
may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in 
the relevant register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the 
applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Rabobank has been granted an authority to carry on a banking business in Australia 
pursuant to section 9 of the Banking Act 1959 of Australia (“Banking Act”) and is an authorised 
deposit-taking institution (“ADI”) within the meaning of the Banking Act. The Notes issued by

--- Page 8 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
8 
Rabobank are not protected accounts (as defined in the Banking Act) and are not covered by the 
depositor protection provisions contained in Division 2 of Part II of the Banking Act.  
Section 11F of the Banking Act provides that if a foreign ADI, such as Rabobank (whether in 
or outside Australia), suspends payment or is unable to meet its obligations, the assets of the 
foreign ADI in Australia are to be available to meet the foreign ADI’s liabilities in Australia in priority 
to all other liabilities of the foreign ADI. Further, section 86 of the Reserve Bank Act 1959 of 
Australia provides that debts due by an ADI to the Reserve Bank of Australia shall, in a winding-up 
of the ADI, have priority over all other debts of the ADI. Other laws in Australia, the Netherlands 
and other jurisdictions will also apply to the ranking of debts and other liabilities in a winding-up 
of Rabobank. Rabobank does not make any representations as to whether the Notes, or any of 
them, would constitute liabilities in Australia, under such statutory provisions. 
The Notes do not represent deposit liabilities of the Issuer in New Zealand. 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser 
with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by 
the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this 
offering. 
All figures in this Base Prospectus have not been audited, unless stated otherwise. These 
figures are internal figures of Rabobank or Rabobank Group. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Base Prospectus to “Rabobank” 
and “Rabobank Nederland” are to Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and references to “Rabobank 
Group”, or the “Group” are to Rabobank and its group companies (within the meaning of Section 
2:24b of the Dutch Civil Code (the “DCC”), which shall in any event include its subsidiaries). 
References herein to the “Issuer” shall mean Rabobank acting through its head office or through 
Rabobank Australia Branch or Rabobank New Zealand Branch. 
Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S.$”, “USD” 
and “U.S. Dollar” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, to “AUD” and 
“Australian Dollar” are to the lawful currency of Australia, to “NZD” and “New Zealand Dollar” are 
to the lawful currency of New Zealand, to “euro”, “Euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency 
of the member states of the European Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, to “Sterling” or “£” are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to “¥”, “JPY” and “yen” are to the lawful currency 
of Japan and to “Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the PRC.

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
9 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “PRC” are to the People’s Republic of China which, 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, shall exclude Hong Kong, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. References to “Renminbi 
Notes” are to Notes denominated in CNY or Renminbi deliverable in Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Taiwan. 
Your attention is drawn to the important information on pages 69 to 71.

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
10 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with any 
Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Preferred Notes”, the “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes” and the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes” (as applicable) in which event (in the case of PR Notes 
only) a supplement to this Base Prospectus or new Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.  
Issuers: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch (in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes only) 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch (in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes only) 
Legal Entity 
Identifier of the 
Issuer 
DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62 
 
Website of the 
Issuer 
www.rabobank.com 
Description: 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
Date: 
12 May 2021 
Size: 
Up to EUR 160,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Types of Notes: 
Notes can be issued under the Programme as set out below. PR Notes and Exempt 
Notes shall only be issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency). By way of example, the table below shows 
that AMTNs may only be issued under the Programme as Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes and, in each case, such Notes may either 
be PR Notes or Exempt Notes. 
 
 
 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes 
 
PR 
Notes 
Non-
Exempt 
PR 
Notes 
Exempt 
Notes 
PR 
Notes 
Exempt 
Notes 
PR 
Notes 
Exempt 
Notes 
AMTNs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CMS Linked 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dual Currency 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity Linked 
Notes 
 
 


--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
11 
Fixed Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FX Linked Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Green Bonds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Index Linked 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Instalment Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Partly Paid 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Range Accrual 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Restricted Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SIS Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Social Bonds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sustainability 
Bonds 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Unrestricted 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Rate 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon 
Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use of 
Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issues of the Notes will be used by the Issuer in 
connection with its banking business, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Green Bond, Social 
Bond or Sustainability Bond may be used to allocate funds to an eligible project 
under a sub-framework in accordance with the Issuer's Sustainable Funding 
Framework as amended from time to time (the "Rabobank Sustainable Funding 
Framework"), which is available on the Issuer's website (please see the Use of 
Proceeds section on pages 283 to 285 for further detail). 
Arranger: 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
12 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (in its capacity as Dealer) 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan AG 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH  
RBC Europe Limited 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under 
the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and 
to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to 
“Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (in respect of Notes other than AMTNs). 
Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) (in respect of AMTNs only). 
Registrar and 
Australian 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (in respect of Notes other than AMTNs). 
Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) (in respect of AMTNs only). 
Method of 
Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will 
be issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The 
specifics of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first interest payment date and nominal amount, will be identical to the terms 
of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. Partly Paid Notes (which shall be Senior Preferred Notes only) 
may be issued, the issue price of which will be payable in two or more instalments. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND CLEARING 
Form of Notes: 
Each Series of Notes (other than the AMTNs) may be issued (i) in bearer form only, 
(ii) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes only) in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes, or (iii) in registered form only. Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
13 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary Global Note, 
without interest coupons, which will be deposited on the issue date with (i) a 
Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in the 
case of a temporary Global Note which is in CGN form and (ii) a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or otherwise delivered as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in the case of a temporary 
Global Note which is in NGN form. No interest will be payable in respect of a 
temporary Global Note, except as described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. Interests in a temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes, after the date falling 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Tranche as certified in writing by the relevant 
Dealer upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interests in a 
permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in bearer form or 
(in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes) registered form as described under 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. Only 
Rabobank may issue Bearer Notes in NGN form. 
 
Registered Notes (other than AMTNs) will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series and may be represented by a Global Certificate. Unrestricted 
Notes in registered form will initially be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate, without interest coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date (i) 
in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, with (a) (in respect of Global Certificates which are not 
held under the NSS) a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (b) (in respect of Global Certificates which are held under the NSS), 
a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) in the 
case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or 
in addition to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or delivered outside 
a clearing system, as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Restricted 
Notes in registered form will initially be represented by a Restricted Global 
Certificate, without interest coupons, which may be deposited on the issue date 
either (a) (in respect of Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS) with 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) 
(in respect of Global Certificates which are held under the NSS) a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (iii) with a custodian for, 
and registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee for, DTC. Only Rabobank 
may issue Notes which are offered and sold in the United States to “qualified 
institutional buyers” pursuant to Rule 144A and are issued as Restricted Notes or 
Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. 
 
Beneficial interests in Global Certificates held by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected 
only through, records maintained by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC and their participants. See “Clearing and Settlement”. 
 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in a Global Note for another 
Global Note and Definitive Notes and the exchange of interests in each Global 
Certificate for individual Certificates are described in “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”.

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
14 
 
AMTNs will be issued in registered form only, and their issue will be reflected by 
inscription in the Australian Register in evidence of which an AMTN Global 
Certificate will be issued and held by the Australian Register on behalf of the 
Holders registered in the Australian Register, each of which will be registered in the 
name of Austraclear for so long as the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear 
System. 
 
For so long as AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, beneficial interests in 
such AMTNs will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, 
records maintained by Austraclear and its participants. 
 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in a Global Note for another 
Global Note and Definitive Notes and the exchange of interests in each Global 
Certificate for individual Certificates are described in “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
 
Each Series of SIS Notes will be represented by a permanent Global Note (the 
“Swiss Permanent Global Note”). 
Clearing 
Systems: 
In respect of Notes other than AMTNs and SIS Notes, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear, DTC and, in relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. SIS Notes 
will be cleared through SIX SIS Ltd. 
 
Each series of AMTNs will be registered in the name of Austraclear and entered in 
the Austraclear System. 
Initial Delivery 
of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche (other than a Tranche of AMTNs), if 
the relevant Global Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
is an NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global Note 
or Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes is 
a CGN or the Global Certificate representing Registered Notes is not held under the 
NSS, such Global Note or Global Certificate may (or, in the case of Notes to be 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
may also be deposited with any other clearing system or may be delivered outside 
any clearing system, provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in 
advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes 
that are to be credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered 
in the name of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
In the case of AMTNs, on or before the issue date for each Tranche of AMTNs, an 
AMTN Global Certificate will be issued and delivered to the Australian Register to 
be held by it on behalf of Austraclear as the registered holder of the AMTNs. 
In the case of SIS Notes, the Swiss Permanent Global Note shall be deposited by 
the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent with SIX SIS Ltd or any other 
intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange 
(SIX SIS Ltd or any such other intermediary, the “Intermediary”). Once the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the 
accounts of one or more participants of the Intermediary, the SIS Notes will 
constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz).

--- Page 15 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
15 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes (other 
than AMTNs) may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers, except that, at the date hereof, only Rabobank may issue Notes 
denominated in Sterling. 
AMTNs will be issued in AUD (Australian Dollar). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued with any maturity between seven days and perpetuity. 
Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that (i) individual Certificates will only be available, in the case of 
Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global Certificate and sold pursuant to 
Rule 144A, in amounts of U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples 
of U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances described in “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” and “Clearing and Settlement” and (ii) 
Senior Preferred Notes which are PR Notes or Exempt Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed Rate 
Reset Notes:  
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of 
interest for an initial period and thereafter by reference to a fixed rate of interest 
recalculated on certain dates and by reference to a mid-swap rate or to a reference 
bond rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified 
in the Final Terms, such interest being payable in arrear on the date or dates, in 
each case, specified in the Final Terms. 
Variable Rate 
Notes: 
Variable Rate Notes will bear fixed rate, floating rate, CMS-linked, range accrual 
rate and/or inverse floating rate interest payable on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: (a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Rate”) or (b) by reference to USD LIBOR, 
LIBID, LIMEAN, GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, STIBOR, Compounded 
Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index 
Rate, CNH HIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate or 
USD-ISDA-Swap Rate (or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other benchmark 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) or as adjusted for any applicable 
margin or (c) for AMTNs only, by reference to the Bank Bill Rate as determined in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes or (d) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, using any other method of determination as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interest periods will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
In the case of Notes where the Rate of Interest is determined based upon an ISDA 
Rate, where the relevant Floating Rate Option is not available or cannot be 
determined in the manner provided in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, the Floating Rate

--- Page 16 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
16 
Option shall be determined by reference to, amongst others, an alternative Floating 
Rate Option, an alternative screen page, quotes from a specified number of 
reference banks and/or as otherwise commercially agreed between the relevant 
parties, in each case in accordance with the detailed procedures set out in the 2006 
ISDA Definitions. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate and/or a minimum 
interest rate. 
Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes bear interest (if any) at a rate determined by reference 
to a floating rate (determined in accordance with (a), (b) or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes only) (d) of “Floating Rate Notes” above) or the mathematical sum of or 
difference between two such floating rates (the “Inverse Rate”), and may be subject 
to a minimum amount. The rate of interest applicable in respect of an interest period 
is calculated by reference to one of the following formulae (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms): 
INV(1): The rate of interest will be calculated by subtracting from a margin, the 
relevant reference rate or floating rate option (as the case may be). 
INV(2): The rate of interest will be calculated by multiplying an inverse rate by a 
gearing factor and subtracting the result from a margin. 
INV(3): The rate of interest will be calculated by multiplying an inverse rate by a 
gearing factor and subtracting the result from the rate of interest calculated for the 
immediately preceding interest period. 
INV(4): The rate of interest will be calculated by (a) multiplying the sum of an inverse 
rate and a margin by a gearing factor, and (b) subtracting the resulting amount in 
(a) from the rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest period. 
INV(5): The rate of interest will be calculated by (a) multiplying an inverse rate by a 
gearing factor and (b) subtracting the resulting amount in (a) from the sum of the 
rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest period and a 
margin. 
INV(6): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) an inverse rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and the result subtracted from a margin, and (b) the sum of another 
margin and the rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest 
period. 
INV(7): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) an inverse rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and the result subtracted from a margin, and (b) the sum of another 
margin and the rate of interest calculated for the immediately preceding interest 
period. 
INV(8): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) the greater of (i) an inverse rate 
multiplied by a gearing factor, and the result subtracted from a margin, and (ii) the 
sum of another margin and the rate of interest calculated for the immediately 
preceding interest period, and (b) the sum of another margin and the rate of interest 
calculated for the immediately preceding interest period.  
Range Accrual 
Notes: 
Range Accrual Notes bear interest (if any) at a variable rate determined by 
reference to a floating rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes only) (d) of “Floating Rate Notes” above) depending on 
how many days such floating rate is above or below a specified barrier or within a 
specified range (based upon whether certain specified conditions are satisfied) 
during a specified observation period. Interest is calculated by reference to one of 
the following formulae (as specified in the relevant Final Terms):

--- Page 17 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
17 
RAN(1): The rate of interest will be product of (a) an applicable rate and (b) a Range 
Accrual Fraction, where the “Range Accrual Fraction” is the resulting fraction of 
the quotient of (i) the number of fixing days during the relevant interest period on 
which a specified accrual rate falls inside or outside a specified range and (ii) the 
total number of fixing days in the relevant interest period. 
RAN(2): The rate of interest will be product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and (b) 
the sum of an applicable rate and a margin. 
RAN(3): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and 
(b) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor and a margin added to the result. 
RAN(4): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and 
(b) the lesser of (i) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin 
added to the result, and (ii) the Maximum Rate of Interest.  
RAN(5): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and 
(b) the greater of (i) an applicable rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin 
added to the result and (ii) a minimum interest rate. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount and will 
not bear interest. 
CMS Linked 
Notes: 
CMS Linked Notes bear interest (if any) at a rate determined by reference to one or 
more swap rates. The amount of interest payable is proportionate to either a single 
swap rate, the mathematical sum of or difference between two such swap rates or 
calculated in accordance with another of the formulae detailed below, and may be 
subject to a minimum and/or maximum amount. The rate of interest applicable in 
respect of an interest period is calculated by reference to one of the following 
formulae (as specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
CMS(1): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate. 
CMS(2): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate plus a margin.  
CMS(3): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor and a margin being added to the result. 
CMS(4): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor.  
CMS(5): The rate of interest will be equal to a CMS rate plus a margin and the 
resulting amount being multiplied by a gearing factor. 
CMS(6): The rate of interest will be equal to the difference between two different 
CMS rates. 
CMS(7): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) the difference between two 
different CMS rates, and a margin added to the result, and (b) a gearing factor. 
CMS(8): The rate of interest will be the sum of (a) the product of (i) the difference 
between two different CMS rates and (ii) a gearing factor, and (b) a margin. 
CMS(9): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) an applicable rate (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, will be a different rate to the CMS rate) multiplied by 
another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result.  
CMS(10): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) an applicable rate (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, will be a different rate to the CMS rate) multiplied by 
another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result.

--- Page 18 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
18 
CMS(11): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) another CMS rate 
multiplied by another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result. 
CMS(12): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) another CMS rate 
multiplied by another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result.  
CMS(13): The rate of interest will be the difference between (a) the greater of (i) a 
CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
a minimum rate of interest, and (b) the greater of (i) another CMS rate multiplied by 
another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result, and (ii) another 
minimum rate of interest. 
CMS(14): The rate of interest will be the difference between (a) the lesser of (i) a 
CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
a maximum rate of interest, and (b) the lesser of (i) another CMS rate multiplied by 
another gearing factor, and another margin added to that result, and (ii) another 
maximum rate of interest. 
CMS(15): The rate of interest will be the greater of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) the product of (i) the 
difference between two CMS rates, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
another gearing factor. 
CMS(16): The rate of interest will be the lesser of (a) a CMS rate multiplied by a 
gearing factor, and a margin added to that result, and (b) the product of (i) the 
difference between two CMS rates, and a margin added to that result, and (ii) 
another gearing factor.  
CMS(17): The rate of interest will be the sum of a margin, and the product of a 
gearing factor and the greater of (a) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor and (ii) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that 
result, and (b) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor and (ii) a CMS 
rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that result. 
CMS(18): The rate of interest will be the sum of a margin, and the product of a 
gearing factor and the lesser of (a) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing 
factor and (ii) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that 
result, and (b) the sum of (i) a CMS rate multiplied by a gearing factor and (ii) a CMS 
rate multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added to that result. 
CMS(19): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) (i) first, a margin will be added 
to a CMS rate, (ii) secondly, the resulting amount calculated in (i) above multiplied 
by a gearing factor and one added to that result, (iii) thirdly, the resulting amount 
calculated in (ii) above raised to a power and from that result one subtracted, and 
(b) another gearing factor. 
CMSRA(1): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) an applicable rate (which rate may be a CMS rate), where the “Range 
Accrual Fraction” is the resulting fraction of the quotient of (i) the number of fixing 
days during the relevant interest period on which a specified accrual rate falls inside 
or outside the specified range and (ii) the total number of fixing days in the relevant 
interest period. 
CMSRA(2): The rate of interest will be the product of (a) the Range Accrual Fraction 
and (b) the sum of an applicable rate (which may be a CMS rate) and the margin.

--- Page 19 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
19 
CMSRA(3): The rate of interest applicable in respect of any interest period will be 
the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction, and (b) the sum of (i) an applicable 
rate (which may be a CMS rate) multiplied by a gearing factor and (ii) a margin.  
CMSRA(4): The rate of interest applicable in respect of any interest period will be 
the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and (b) the lesser of (i) an applicable 
rate (which may be a CMS rate) multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added 
to that result and (ii) a maximum interest rate.  
CMSRA(5): The rate of interest applicable in respect of any interest period will be 
the product of (a) a Range Accrual Fraction and (b) the greater of (i) an applicable 
rate (which may be a CMS rate) multiplied by a gearing factor, and a margin added 
to that result and (ii) a minimum interest rate. 
Dual Currency 
Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Payments of principal in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Equity Linked 
Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Equity Linked Redemption Notes or of interest 
in respect of Equity Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to a single 
equity security or basket of equity securities on such terms as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Equity Linked Redemption Notes may be settled at 
maturity or otherwise by receipt by the Noteholder(s) of a Final Redemption Amount 
or by delivery of the Underlying Securities, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
FX Linked 
Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of FX Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in 
respect of FX Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to a foreign 
exchange rate or a basket of foreign exchange rates and/or a formula specified in 
the Final Terms or a combination thereof, on such terms as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. FX Linked Redemption Notes may be settled at maturity or 
otherwise by receipt by the Noteholder(s) of a Final Redemption Amount, in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Index Linked 
Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in 
respect of Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to a single 
index or basket of indices and/or formula on such terms as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Other Notes: 
Terms applicable to high interest Notes, low interest Notes, step-up Notes, step-
down Notes, reverse dual currency Notes, optional dual currency Notes, partly paid 
Notes and any other type of Note that the Issuer and any Dealer or Dealers may 
agree to issue under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such Notes (other than step-up Notes and step-down Notes) may be issued only 
as Exempt Notes which are also Senior Preferred Notes. 
Interest Periods 
and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use 
of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
20 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
A. Senior Preferred Notes 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable, which, in the case of Exempt Notes which are Senior Preferred Notes only, 
may be by reference to a stock, index or formula or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Preferred Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the 
amounts in which, such Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Senior Preferred Notes will state 
whether such Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders, and if so 
the terms applicable to such redemption.  
Automatic Early 
Redemption: 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred or will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date falling on or after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Commencement Date specified in the Final Terms but 
prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall redeem all of the Notes on such Interest 
Payment Date at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Early 
Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Senior Preferred Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity (i) for tax reasons, (ii) where 
it determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under the Senior 
Preferred Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the 
Senior Preferred Notes has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited 
in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation 
thereof, (iii) in the case of Equity Linked Notes, and the relevant Final Terms so 
specify, for reasons affecting an Underlying Security or its Company, (iv) in the case 
of Index Linked Notes, for reasons affecting the Index or its Index Sponsor, (v) in 
the case of FX Linked Notes for reasons affecting the FX Rate or FX Rate Sponsor, 
and (vi) in the case of Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, FX Linked Notes 
and other Senior Preferred Notes under which amounts payable may be determined 
by reference to a formula, and the relevant Final Terms so specify, for reasons of 
disruption to, or increase in cost of, the Issuer’s or its Affiliates’ related hedging 
arrangements. See the “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes – 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”.  
B. Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Non-Preferred Senior Notes will 
state whether such Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and if so the 
terms applicable to such redemption. Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be 
redeemed in accordance with “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes – Redemption and Purchase –Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, 
Variation and Purchase”. 
Redemption for 
Tax Reasons: 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change the Issuer would be required to pay Additional 
Amounts with respect to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes then, subject to certain 
conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption,

--- Page 21 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
21 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase”, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as 
more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Redemption due to Taxation”. 
Redemption 
due to a MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
If (i) MREL Disqualification Event Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(ii) a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then, subject to 
certain conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption, 
Substitution, Variation and Purchase”, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Redemption due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event”. 
Substitution 
and Variation: 
If Substitution and Variation and/or Alignment Event are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and an MREL Disqualification Event and/or, as applicable, an 
Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option 
and having given the certification and notice required by Condition 6(b) specifying 
the date fixed for such substitution or variation, substitute all (but not some only) of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders of such Series, so that the substituted notes are, or that the 
Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
No Set-Off or 
Netting: 
Any right of set-off or netting by the Holder or Couponholder in respect of any 
amount owed to such Holder or Couponholder by the Issuer under or in connection 
with any Non-Preferred Senior Note or Coupon shall be excluded. 
C. Dated Subordinated Notes 
Optional 
Redemption: 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and subject to certain 
conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase”, the Issuer may elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption 
Amount as more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Issuer’s Call Option”. 
Redemption for 
Tax Reasons: 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change that causes a change in the tax treatment of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the 
most recent Tranche of Dated Subordinated Notes in a Series, the Issuer will 
be required to pay Additional Amounts with respect to payments on the Dated 
Subordinated Notes; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a redemption following the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the most recent Tranche of Dated Subordinated Notes in a Series, there is 
more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will be required to pay Additional 
Amounts with respect to payments on the Dated Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) interest payable on the Dated Subordinated Notes when paid would not be 
deductible by the Issuer for Netherlands corporate income tax liability 
purposes, 
then, subject to certain conditions, as more particularly set out in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – Redemption and Purchase –

--- Page 22 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
22 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase”, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as 
more particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated 
Notes – Redemption and Purchase – Redemption due to Taxation”. 
Redemption for 
Regulatory 
Purposes: 
If (i) Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) a Capital Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then, subject to certain conditions, as more 
particularly set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – 
Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption and Purchase”, the Issuer 
may, at its option, at any time redeem all, but not some only, of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, as more particularly set out 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for Regulatory Purposes”. 
No Set-Off or 
Netting: 
Any right of set-off or netting by the Holder or Couponholder in respect of any 
amount owed to such Holder or Couponholder by the Issuer under or in connection 
with any Dated Subordinated Note or Coupon shall be excluded. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
Status of Senior 
Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, as further described in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Preferred Notes – Status of Notes”. 
Status of Non-
Preferred 
Senior Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall qualify as, 
and comprise part of the class of, Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations and 
shall constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and such 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Coupons shall rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves (save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by 
law). The claims of Holders in respect of the payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable law rank:  
(i) 
in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to all 
present or future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations (including 
excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR (as 
defined below));  
(ii) 
in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, pari passu with any other Statutory 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations; and  
(iii) in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations. 
Status of Dated 
Subordinated 
Notes: 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law (including as a result 
of the Act implementing article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “Amending Act”)), the payment 
obligations under the Dated Subordinated Notes and Coupons relating to them, 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall, in the case of (a) the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution (ontbinding) as a result of the insolvency 
of the Issuer, rank: 
(i) 
subordinated and junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer which 
constitutes or is eligible to constitute Tier 2 Capital; and 
(iii) senior to any other present or future obligation of the Issuer which constitutes 
or is eligible to constitute Tier 1 Capital.

--- Page 23 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
23 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to Holders or Couponholders of Dated 
Subordinated Notes will, in the case of the bankruptcy or dissolution as a result of 
the insolvency of the Issuer, only be made after all payment obligations of Senior 
Creditors have been satisfied in full.  
From (and including) the date on which the Amending Act becomes effective in The 
Netherlands (the “Effective Date”), the Dated Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
are intended to qualify as, and comprise part of, own funds having a lower priority 
ranking than any claim that does not result from an own funds item within the 
meaning of the Amending Act. 
“Senior Creditors” means present or future (a) unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including creditors in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 
2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands) and 
excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR) and (b) 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the 
claims of other creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose claims are in respect 
of obligations which constitute Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital). 
Ranking of the 
Notes: 
Ranking in bankruptcy 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes. The 
Dated Subordinated Notes will rank junior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Ranking in resolution 
In the event of a resolution of the Rabobank Group: 
 
capital instruments (which includes Dated Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital) must first be converted into claims which may give rights 
to Common Equity Tier 1 Capital or written down (to the extent not already 
so converted or written down at the point where the resolution authority 
considers that the Issuer would otherwise no longer be viable);  
 
thereafter, MREL Eligible Liabilities can be bailed-in, in the following order 
of priority: 
i. 
other subordinated liabilities that do not or no longer qualify as 
capital instruments (including Dated Subordinated Notes that do 
not or no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital as a result of the 
Amending Act);  
ii. 
other eligible liabilities, including Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and 
iii. 
Senior Preferred Notes (to the extent qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities); and 
 
thereafter, the rest of the bail-inable liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings,  
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
Statutory Loss 
Absorption and 
Recapitalisation 
of the Non-
Preferred 
Senior Notes 
and the Dated 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may become subject 
to the determination by the Relevant Authority or the Issuer (following instructions 
from the Relevant Authority) that without the consent of the relevant Noteholders: 
 
all or part of the principal amount of such Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down or otherwise be

--- Page 24 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
24 
Subordinated 
Notes: 
applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Relevant Authority 
(“Statutory Loss Absorption”); or 
 
all or part of the principal amount of such Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into common equity 
Tier 1 instruments (“Recapitalisation”), 
all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer.  
Upon any such determination: (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding principal 
amount of such Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall 
be written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or converted into common 
equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed 
by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer; (ii) such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default; and (iii) the 
relevant Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written 
down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation.  
OTHER PROVISIONS 
Rating: 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
Long-term Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme by Rabobank are 
expected to be rated AA- by Fitch and long-term Senior Preferred Notes issued 
under the Programme by Rabobank Australia Branch are expected to be rated AA- 
by Fitch Australia. Senior Preferred Notes issued under the Programme are 
expected to be rated Aa3 by Moody’s. Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one 
year or more issued under the programme are expected to be rated A+ by S&P.  
Non-Preferred Senior Notes: 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
A+ by Fitch and A- by S&P.  
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
Dated Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by S&P. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. 
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as 
the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without prior 
notice.  
As defined by Fitch, an “AA” rating means that the Notes are judged to be of very 
low default risk. It indicates very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. 
The modifier “-” is appended to denote relative status within the rating category. 
As defined by Moody’s, obligations rated “Aa” are judged to be of high quality and 
are subject to very low credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates that the obligation ranks 
in the lower-range of its generic rating category. 
As defined by S&P, Notes rated “A” are somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than notes in higher-
rated categories. However, the Issuer’s capacity to meet its financial commitment 
on the Notes is still strong. The “A” rating is modified by the addition of a plus (+) 
sign to show relative standing within the “A” rating category.

--- Page 25 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
25 
In addition, Rabobank’s long-term deposits and senior debt ratings are rated “AA 
(low)” by DBRS. As defined by DBRS, rating category “AA” means that the relevant 
obligations are of superior credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial 
obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from AAA only to a small 
degree. Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events.  
Withholding 
Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of withholding taxes of the Netherlands, Australia or New Zealand, as the case 
may be, except where such a withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In the event of any withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands (in the case of Rabobank, Rabobank 
Australia Branch and Rabobank New Zealand Branch), Australia (in the case of 
Rabobank Australia Branch) and New Zealand (in the case of Rabobank New 
Zealand Branch), or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, subject to 
the exceptions and limitations as described in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes – Taxation”, “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes – Taxation” and “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated 
Notes – Taxation”, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the “Additional 
Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that with respect to the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes only, no Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to payment of any amount of principal, nor shall any Additional 
Amounts be payable in respect to payment of any amount of interest if withholding 
or deduction is required pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021). 
Governing Law: 
The laws of the Netherlands. 
Listing: 
Euronext Amsterdam, the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. Each Series of SIS Notes will be listed 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
Risk Factors: 
The purchase of Notes may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for 
investors who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters 
necessary to enable them to evaluate the risks and the merits of an investment in 
the Notes. A description of the material risks relating to the Notes and to the Issuer 
is contained under the heading “Risk Factors”. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Australia, Belgium, Canada, European Economic Area, the Republic of France, 
Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, 
Taiwan, United Kingdom and United States. See “Plan of Distribution”. 
 
For the purposes of Regulation S, Category 2 selling restrictions shall apply. 
 
In the case of Bearer Notes offered to non-U.S. persons and certain eligible U.S. 
persons, such Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that the Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in

--- Page 26 ---
Overview of the Programme 
 
26 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms 
as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. In the case of a distribution under 
Rule 144A, Notes will be issued in registered form, as defined in U.S. Temp. Treas. 
Reg. §5f.103-1(c). 
Transfer 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the transfer of Registered Notes offered and sold pursuant 
to Rule 144A. See “Transfer Restrictions” and “Plan of Distribution”.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies, which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent material risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in 
which the risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks actually 
materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact to 
the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Issuer may face a 
number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be 
interdependent, as described further in each of the risk factors below (where relevant). While the risk 
factors below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category 
and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference 
herein). 
Unless defined herein, words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Preferred Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Dated Subordinated Notes” (as applicable) shall have the same meanings in these risk factors. 
1. Risks Related to the Issuer 
Section A: Risks related to the Issuer's financial position 
Rabobank faces substantial funding and liquidity risk  
Rabobank’s primary source of funding is customer deposits (2020: €361.0 billion; 2019: €338.5 billion) 
followed by wholesale funding (2020: €131.4 billion; 2019: €151.7 billion). Customer deposits are, generally 
speaking, volatile in nature and therefore no clear predictions can be made as to their amounts. Given that 
Rabobank’s funding requirements are greater than the amount of customer deposits, Rabobank is also 
reliant on wholesale funding to fund its balance sheet, which requires access to capital and money markets. 
Access to wholesale funding may be negatively affected by concerns about Rabobank’s credit strength or 
a downgrade of any of its credit ratings. Access can also be influenced by concerns about the market 
segments in which Rabobank is active or by a general market disruption. For example, the current 
coronavirus (or COVID-19) and measures taken to contain its spread have resulted in significant market 
disruptions.   
Net profit and income of Rabobank in 2020 was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak, 
mainly as a result of materially increased impairment charges on financial assets in Domestic Retail 
Banking ("DRB"), Wholesale & Rural (“W&R”) and DLL International B.V. ( "DLL"), the impact of the 
continued low interest rate environment and a decrease in new business volume and economic activity 
generally. Any such factors as described above may result in higher funding and refinancing costs in the 
capital and money markets, which may also affect or effectively limit access to these markets. Although, 
in addition to the aforementioned funding sources, Rabobank may have access to the European Central

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
Bank (the "ECB") facilities, the sensitivity of Rabobank to a liquidity risk could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Funding risk is the risk of not being able to meet both expected and unexpected current and future cash 
outflows and collateral needs without affecting either daily operations or the financial position of Rabobank. 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the bank will not be able to meet all of its payment obligations on time, as well 
as the risk that the bank will not be able to fund increases in assets at a reasonable price. Important factors 
in preventing this are maintaining an adequate liquidity position and retaining the confidence of institutional 
market participants and retail customers to maintain the deposit base and access to public money and the 
capital markets for the Group. However, if these are seriously threatened, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank is subject to significant exposure to systemic risk 
The Group could be negatively affected by the weakness or the perceived weakness of other financial 
institutions, which could result in significant systemic liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other financial 
institutions and counterparties. This risk is sometimes referred to as ‘systemic risk’ and may adversely 
affect financial institutions as well as financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis. Concerns about, 
or a default by, a financial institution could lead to significant liquidity problems and losses or defaults by 
other financial institutions, since the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions is 
closely related and inter-dependent as a result of credit, trading, clearing and other relationships. Any 
perceived lack of creditworthiness of a counterparty may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses 
for the Group. Concerns about the creditworthiness of sovereigns and financial institutions in Europe and 
the United States remain. The large sovereign debts or fiscal deficits of a number of European countries 
and the United States go hand in hand with concerns regarding the financial condition of financial 
institutions. Banks typically hold large amounts of (national) sovereign debt instruments for liquidity, 
securities’ finance and collateral management purposes. As a result, changes affecting the value of these 
debt instruments affect financial institutions directly. Increased debt financing by sovereigns ultimately 
would lead to higher debt financing, rating adjustments and will likely have a negative impact on banks. 
The Group is exposed to the financial institutions industry, including sovereign debt securities, banks, 
financial intermediation providers and securitised products. Due to the Group’s exposure to the financial 
industry, it also has exposure to shadow banking entities (ie, entities which carry out banking activities 
outside a regulated framework, such as payment platforms and crowdfunding platforms). Recently, there 
has been increasing regulatory focus on shadow banking. In particular, the European Banking Authority 
Guidelines (EBA/GL/2015/20) require the Group to identify and monitor its exposure to shadow banking 
entities, implement and maintain an internal framework for the identification, management, control and 
mitigation of the risks associated with exposure to shadow banking entities, and ensure effective reporting 
and governance in respect such exposure. If the Group is unable to properly identify and monitor its 
shadow banking exposure, maintain an adequate framework, or ensure effective reporting and 
governance, any of the above-mentioned consequences of systemic risk could have an adverse effect on 
the Group’s ability to raise new funding, its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank is exposed to the risk of a credit rating downgrade of any of its credit ratings  
Rabobank’s access to capital and money markets is dependent on its credit ratings. The Group’s credit 
ratings could be negatively affected by a number of factors that can change over time, including a credit 
rating agency’s assessment of the Group’s strategy and management’s capability; its financial condition 
including in respect of profitability, asset quality, capital, funding and liquidity; the legal and regulatory 
frameworks applicable to the Group’s legal structure and business activities; changes in rating 
methodologies; the competitive environment, political and economic conditions in the Group’s key markets. 
A downgrading, an announcement of a potential downgrade in its credit ratings or a withdrawal of its credit 
rating, or a deterioration in the market’s perception of the Group’s financial position could significantly affect

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
the Group’s access to money markets, reduce the size of its deposit base and trigger additional collateral 
or other requirements in derivatives contracts and other secured funding arrangements or the need to 
amend such arrangements, which could adversely affect the Group’s cost of funding, its access to capital 
markets and lead to higher refinancing costs and could limit the range of counterparties willing to enter into 
transactions with the Group. In addition, it might even limit access to these respective markets, and 
adversely affect Rabobank’s competitive position. This could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank is exposed to credit risk, which could result in economic losses 
Rabobank is exposed to credit risk arising from third parties that owe money, securities or other 
assets. These parties include customers, issuers whose securities are being held by an entity within 
Rabobank, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, 
clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries. The credit quality of the 
Group’s borrowers and other counterparties is impacted by prevailing economic and market conditions and 
by the legal and regulatory landscape in the relevant market and any deterioration in such conditions or 
changes to legal or regulatory landscapes could worsen borrower and counterparty credit quality and 
consequently impact the Group’s ability to enforce contractual security rights. These parties may default 
on their obligations to Rabobank due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real 
estate values, operational failure or other reasons and could have an adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
business, financial position and results of operations. Any such defaults will reflect the adequacy of 
Rabobank’s credit provisions. These provisions relate to the possibility that a counterparty may default on 
its obligations which arise from lending or other financial transactions. If future events or the effects thereof 
do not fall within any of the assumptions, factors or assessments used by the Group to determine its credit 
provisions, these provisions could be inadequate. Inadequate provisions and economic losses in general 
have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
See also the risk factor "The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world may materially 
and adversely affect Rabobank's business, financial condition and results of operations" on how COVID-
19 may contribute to increasing credit risk for the Group. 
Rabobank’s business is primarily concentrated in the Netherlands  
Rabobank generates a large part of its income in the Netherlands (in 2020, 42 per cent. of its 
operating profit before tax was derived from its operations in the Netherlands) and therefore is particularly 
exposed to the economic, political and social conditions in the Netherlands. Economic conditions in the 
Netherlands may be negatively influenced by conditions in the global financial markets and economy. 
Following growth of 2.2 per cent. in 2016, Dutch gross domestic product ("GDP") grew by 2.9 per cent. in 
2017, 2.6 per cent. in 2018, 1.6 per cent. in 2019 and GDP decreased by 3.8 per cent. in 2020 due to 
COVID-19 and subsequent containment measures. Any further deterioration or merely a long-term 
persistence of a difficult economic environment in the Netherlands could negatively affect the demand for 
products and services of Rabobank, as well as the credit risk of its borrowers. Net profit of Rabobank in 
2020 was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak, mainly as a result of materially increased 
impairment charges on financial assets in DRB, W&R and Leasing. In addition to the Netherlands, 
Rabobank is active in 37 countries, including, amongst others, Australia, New Zealand, North America and 
Latin America. In addition, Rabobank is generally exposed to transfer and/or collective debtor risk outside 
of the Netherlands. Transfer risk relates to the possibility of foreign governments placing restrictions on 
funds transfers from debtors in that country to creditors abroad. Collective debtor risk relates to the situation 
in which a large number of debtors in a country cannot meet their commitments for the same reason (e.g. 
war, political and social unrest or natural disasters, but also government policy that does not succeed in 
creating macro-economic and financial stability). Unpredictable and unexpected events which increase 
transfer risk and/or collective debtor risk could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
Conditions in the global financial markets and economy could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The profitability of the Group could be adversely affected by a downturn in general economic 
conditions in the Netherlands or globally. Financial markets are volatile. Factors such as interest rates, 
exchange rates, inflation, deflation, investor sentiment, the availability and cost of credit, the liquidity of the 
global financial markets and the level and volatility of equity prices can significantly affect the activity level 
of customers and the profitability of the Group. In addition, developments like Brexit (as defined below) 
could adversely affect the general economic conditions and thereby the profitability of the Group. Interest 
rates remained low in 2020. Persistent low interest rates have negatively affected and continue to 
negatively affect the net interest income of the Group. An economic downturn, or significantly higher 
interest rates for customers, could adversely affect the credit quality of the Group’s assets by increasing 
the risk that a greater number of its customers would be unable to meet their obligations. Moreover, a 
market downturn in the Dutch or global economy could reduce the value of the Group’s assets and could 
cause the Group to incur marked-to-market losses in its trading portfolios or could reduce the fees the 
Group earns for managing assets or the levels of assets under management. In addition, a market 
downturn and increased competition for savings in the Netherlands could lead to a decline in the volume 
of customer transactions that the Group executes and, therefore, a decline in customer deposits and the 
income it receives from commissions and interest. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations –Material factors affecting results of operations – General 
market conditions” for (other) factors that could affect the Group's results of operations. Continuing volatility 
in the financial markets or a protracted economic downturn in the Group’s major markets or the Group’s 
inability to accurately predict or respond to such developments could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank performs a number of operations in the United Kingdom for its customers, including 
products and services for international clients in the field of corporate banking, commercial financing and 
operations relating to global financial markets. In 2020, Rabobank's revenue in relation to the 
aforementioned operations in the United Kingdom was €523 million. On 31 January 2020, the United 
Kingdom left the European Union (the "Brexit"). In December 2020 the United Kingdom and the European 
Union reached an agreement on their future relationship. This agreement, which has been provisionally 
applicable since 1 January 2021, is known as the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “TCA”). 
The TCA removes all tariffs and quotas and avoids the alternative of having to resort to WTO rules, making 
it highly significant and beneficial for certain (agri-) sectors and manufacturing industries in particular. The 
TCA marks the start of what is expected to be a complex and evolving future trading relationship. In order 
to manage this relationship, an entirely new institutional infrastructure, known as the Joint Partnership 
Council, is being set up. This process may entail frictions, any of which could affect the results of the 
Group's operations in the European Union or the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom moving away from 
agreed and implemented EU legislation as a result of Brexit could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty 
and might adversely impact the Group.   
See also the risk factor " The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world has and may 
continue to materially and adversely affect Rabobank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations" on how COVID-19 has affected, and may continue to affect, conditions in the global financial 
markets and economy. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and 
the value of the Notes. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world has and may continue to 
materially and adversely affect Rabobank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
The outbreak of communicable diseases, pandemics and epidemics or health emergencies all 
impact the business and economic environment in which Rabobank operates. Certain of these risks are 
often experienced globally as well as in specific geographic regions where Rabobank does business. The 
coronavirus (or COVID-19) outbreak, which has spread globally since the beginning of 2020, has disrupted 
various markets and resulted in uncertainty about the development of the economies affected by the 
outbreak. Rabobank has been, and could be further, affected by the COVID-19 outbreak through its direct 
and indirect impact on, among others, the customers or other counterparties of Rabobank, both in the 
Netherlands and elsewhere. Net profit was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020, 
mainly as a result of materially increased impairment charges on financial assets in DRB, W&R and DLL 
and lower income, which had a material adverse impact on Rabobank's financial position. More specifically, 
the impact is expected on instruments measured at fair value and on expected credit losses. The COVID-
19 pandemic is also expected to affect Rabobank's results in 2021. There are still many uncertainties and 
ongoing developments which make the exact ramifications of the COVID-19 outbreak uncertain. There can 
also be no assurances that a potential tightening of liquidity conditions in the future as a result of, for 
example, further deterioration of public finances of certain European countries will not lead to new funding 
uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening credit spreads. Any of the foregoing factors could 
have a material adverse effect on Rabobank's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Rabobank is exposed to changes in the interest rate environment as well as other market risks 
Rabobank’s results could potentially be adversely impacted by the level of and changes in interest 
rates, exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and credit spreads. Persistent low interest rates 
have in particular negatively affected and continue to negatively affect the net interest income of Rabobank 
(2020: €8,184 billion; 2019: €8,455 billion). This is mainly from mismatches between lending and borrowing 
costs given the periods for which interest rates are fixed for loans and funds entrusted. If interest rates 
increase, the rate for Rabobank’s liabilities, such as savings, may need to be adjusted immediately. At the 
same time, the rates on the majority of the Group’s assets, such as mortgages, which have longer interest 
rate fixation periods, will not change before the end of the fixed rate period. As a result, rising interest rates 
may have an adverse impact on Rabobank’s earnings. In addition, there is no certainty with regards to the 
successfulness of Rabobank’s interest rate risk management or the potential negative impact of risks 
associated with sustained low, flat or even negative interest rates. 
Section B: Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Rabobank’s results are to a large extent related to its domestic residential mortgage portfolio 
Rabobank’s residential mortgage portfolio constitutes €188.8 billion (30 per cent. of the balance 
sheet total as at December 2020). As a result, any material changes affecting this portfolio could have a 
material impact on Rabobank. An economic downturn, stagnation or drop in property values, changes in 
or abolition of the tax deductibility of interest payments on residential mortgage loans in the Netherlands, 
increased and/or decreased interest rates, the financial standing of borrowers or a combination thereof, 
could lead to a decrease in the production of new mortgage loans and/or increased default rates on existing 
mortgage loans. A decrease in the level of interest rates on residential mortgage loans could affect 
Rabobank through, among other things, (i) increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio, for 
instance when as a result of low interest rates on saving accounts prepayments on mortgage loans are 
considered more beneficial to customers than savings, (ii) interest rate averaging, (iii) low margins for 
mortgage loans, in particular long term mortgages loans and (iv) other measures enabling customers to 
benefit from the low interest rate environment.  
Any of the above factors, events and developments may have a negative impact on Rabobank’s 
interest margins on new and existing residential mortgage loans and may result in a decrease of its existing 
portfolio and/or in the production of new mortgage loans. The higher the loan-to-income ratio, the larger 
the proportion of the earnings of a borrower that will be needed to pay interest and principal under mortgage 
loans, especially when confronted with unexpected costs or expenses, or, in respect of an interest-only

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
mortgage loan, the repayment of principal. This loan-to-income ratio and factors such as loss of earnings, 
illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies and bankruptcy filings 
by borrowers and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay their 
mortgage loans and lead to losses for Rabobank.  
The tax rate against which the mortgage interest payments may be deducted (the “deductibility 
maximum”) by Dutch homeowners has been gradually reduced since 1 January 2014 by 0.5 percentage 
points per year. For taxpayers previously deducting mortgage interest at the 52 per cent. rate (highest 
income tax rate), the deductibility maximum is set at 46 per cent. in 2020. With effect from 1 January 2020, 
the deductibility maximum will be reduced by 3 percentage points per year to 37.05 per cent. in 2023. This 
acceleration could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to pay interest and 
principal on their mortgage loans and may lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their 
mortgage loans and may thus result in higher or lower prepayment rates of such loans. Any such increase 
in prepayment rates, could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank's financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Changes in governmental policy or regulation with respect to the Dutch housing market could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank faces substantial competitive pressure both domestically as well as internationally, 
which could adversely affect its results 
Rabobank’s business environment in the Netherlands as well as internationally is highly competitive. 
Not only does Rabobank face competition from traditional banking parties, but also from non-banking 
parties, such as pension funds, insurance companies, technology giants, fintech companies, payment 
specialists, retailers, telecommunication companies and crowd-funding initiatives, all of which are offering 
some form of traditional banking services. Some of these parties have for example started to provide more 
segmented offers in the field of residential mortgages. In the Netherlands specifically, competition is 
reflected by an increased level of consolidation. This could result in increased pressure with regards to 
pricing particularly as competitors seek to win market share and may harm Rabobank’s ability to maintain 
or increase its market share and profitability. Rabobank’s ability to compete effectively depends on many 
factors, including its ability to maintain its reputation, the quality of its services and advice, its intellectual 
capital, product innovation, execution ability, pricing, sales efforts and the talent of its employees. Any 
failure by Rabobank to maintain its competitive position could have a material adverse effect on 
Rabobank’s prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Rabobank’s financial condition is to a large extent dependent on its ability to accurately price 
its services and products 
Rabobank’s financial condition is to a large extent dependent on the ability to set accurately its 
prices and rates. Accuracy on both is necessary to generate sufficient profits to cover costs and sustain 
losses. However, the ability to do so is subject to a range of uncertainties. For example, the interest rates 
or pricing of products and or services provided by Rabobank (such as loans and derivatives) may be based 
on references to various benchmarks (such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and the 
London Inter-Bank Offered Rate for U.S. Dollars ("USD LIBOR")), most of which are subject to recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform (including the Benchmarks 
Regulation which entered into force on 1 January 2018). Reforms such as the discontinuation of USD 
LIBOR (or any other reference rate or index) may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be fully anticipated. This may result in 
rates and prices of products and services being determined on the basis of inadequate or inaccurate data 
or inappropriate analyses, assumptions or methodologies. If Rabobank fails to establish adequate rates 
and prices for its products and services, its revenues derived from such products could decline while its 
expenses increase resulting in proportionately greater financial losses. The replacement benchmarks, and 
the timing of and mechanisms for implementation have not yet been confirmed by benchmark

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
administrators and central banks. Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what 
extent, any such changes would affect Rabobank.  
Rabobank is exposed to operational risks, including cybercrime risk 
Operational risks faced by Rabobank are risk of losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, people or systems or by external events (this includes, amongst others, financial reporting risk, 
cyber risk, model risk, compliance risk, legal risk, BCM/IT risk, outsourcing risk and fraud risk). These arise 
from day-to-day operations and is relevant to every aspect of the business. These include all non-financial 
risk types and can have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s reputation or have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Events in modern international banking 
have shown that operational risks can lead to substantial losses. Examples of operational risk incidents 
are highly diverse: fraud or other illegal conduct, failure of an institution to have policies and procedures 
and controls in place to prevent, detect and report incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws or 
regulations, claims relating to inadequate products, inadequate documentation, errors in transaction 
processing, system failures, as well as the inability to retain and attract key personnel. Although Rabobank 
seeks to adhere to a robust Risk and Control Framework, Rabobank cannot ensure that interruptions, 
failures or breaches of its communication and information systems as a result of fraud or human error will 
not occur. In addition, if such events do occur, Rabobank cannot ensure that they will be adequately 
addressed in a timely manner. 
Finally, cybercrime risk is also a relevant and ongoing threat that may lead to an interruption of 
services to customers, loss of confidential information or erosion of trust and reputation. The above may 
also apply for third parties on which the Group depends. The global environment Rabobank is operating in 
requires constant adjustment to changing circumstances. Projects relating to cybercrime (including 
projects intended to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements) continue to take place within the 
bank but may result in an increased risk profile and could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank's 
business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Any failure in the Group’s cybersecurity 
policies, procedures or controls, may result in significant financial losses, major business disruption, 
inability to deliver customer services, or loss of data or other sensitive information (including as a result of 
an outage) and may cause associated reputational damage. Any of these factors could increase costs, 
result in regulatory investigations or sanctions being imposed or may affect the Group’s ability to retain 
and attract customers. Regulators in Europe, the US, the United Kingdom and Asia continue to recognise 
cybersecurity as an increasing systemic risk to the financial sector and have highlighted the need for 
financial institutions to improve their monitoring and control of, and resilience to cyberattacks, and to 
provide timely notification of them, as appropriate. 
Section C: Legal and regulatory risk 
The Group faces risk where legal and arbitration proceedings are brought against it. The outcome 
of such proceedings is inherently uncertain and could adversely affect its financial and business 
operations 
Rabobank is subject to a comprehensive range of legal obligations in all countries in which it 
operates. As a result, Rabobank is exposed to many forms of legal risk, which may arise in a number of 
ways. Failure to manage and or a negative outcome of potentially significant claims (including proceedings, 
collective-actions and settlements and including the developments described above), action taken by 
supervisory authorities or other authorities, legislation, sector-wide measures, and other arrangements for 
the benefit of clients and third parties could have a negative impact on Rabobank’s reputation or impose 
additional operational costs, and could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s prospects, business, 
financial condition and results of operations. An example of this is the (re-)assessment of the interest rate 
derivatives of Rabobank's Dutch small and medium-sized enterprises ("SME") customers and the advance 
payments made.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
In March 2016 the Dutch Minister of Finance appointed an independent committee which on 5 July 
2016 published a recovery framework (the "Recovery Framework") on the reassessment of Dutch SME 
interest rate derivatives. Rabobank announced its decision to take part in the Recovery Framework on 7 
July 2016. The final version of the Recovery Framework was published by the independent committee on 
19 December 2016. Rabobank is involved in civil proceedings in the Netherlands relating to interest rate 
derivatives entered into with Dutch business customers. The majority of these concern individual cases. In 
addition, there is a collective action regarding interest rate derivatives pending before the Court of Appeal 
(for which a standstill was agreed to, due to the Recovery Framework, and the few remaining out-of-scope 
customers will be assessed on an individual basis). These actions concern allegations of misinforming 
clients with respect to interest rate derivatives. Some of these actions also concern allegations in 
connection with Rabobank’s EURIBOR submissions. Rabobank will defend itself against all these claims. 
With respect to the (re-)assessment of the interest rate derivatives of its Dutch SME business customers 
and the advance payments made and due on grounds of settlements having been concluded, Rabobank 
recognised at 31 December 2020 a provision of €12 million (2019: €107 million). At year-end 2020, 
Rabobank’s payments to clients under the Recovery Framework amounted to €758 million. By 31 
December 2019, all Dutch SME business customers eligible under the Recovery Framework received 
clarity on the remuneration of the reassessment of their interest rate derivatives. When customers agree 
to the remuneration amount, Rabobank will draw up a closing letter and an independent reviewer will 
review the reassessment. All reassessments and reviews are expected to be finished in 2021. 
A negative outcome of potentially significant claims (including proceedings, collective-actions and 
settlements and including the developments described above), action taken by supervisory authorities or 
other authorities, legislation, sector-wide measures, and other arrangements for the benefit of clients and 
third parties could have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation or impose additional operational costs, 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s prospects, business, financial condition and 
results of operations. For an overview of the legal and arbitration proceedings of the Group, see 
“Description of Business of Rabobank Group — Legal and arbitration proceedings” on pages 297 to 298 
of this Base Prospectus. For relevant specific proceedings, reference is made to pages 164 to 165 of the 
Group’s audited consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, for year ended 31 
December 2020, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Rabobank’s financial condition is exposed to changes as a result of transitions in benchmark 
rates 
Regulators are driving a transition from the use of certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR, to 
alternative risk-free rates. In the United Kingdom, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that (i) 
immediately after 31 December 2021, the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the FCA 
announcement) would cease, (ii) immediately after 30 June 2023, the publication of the overnight and 12-
month USD dollar LIBOR settings will cease, (iii) immediately after 31 December 2021, certain other LIBOR 
settings (including, but not limited to, 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR) would no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such settings are intended to measure, 
and that representativeness would not be restored thereafter, and (iv) immediately after 30 June 2023, that 
1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that such settings are intended to measure, and that representativeness will 
not be restored thereafter. The FCA has strongly urged market participants to transition to alternative rates, 
as has the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) and other regulators in the US.  
The Group has a significant exposure to benchmark rates, and continues to reference LIBOR in 
certain products, primarily its derivatives, commercial lending and legacy securities. Although the Group is 
actively engaged with customers and industry working groups to manage the risks relating to such 
exposure, and is exploring ways to utilise alternative risk free rates to the extent possible, the legal 
mechanisms to effect transition cannot be confirmed, and the impact cannot be determined nor any 
associated costs accounted for, until such time that alternative risk free rates are utilised exclusively, and

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
there is market acceptance on the form of alternative risk free rates for different products, and certain 
benchmark obligations may not be able to be changed. The transition and uncertainties around the timing 
and manner of transition to alternative risk-free rates represent a number of risks for the Group, its 
customers and the financial services industry more widely, including: 
 
legal risks arising from potential changes required to documentation for new and existing 
transactions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and 
prospects;  
 
financial risks arising from any changes in the valuation of financial instruments linked to 
benchmark rates, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of 
operations and financial condition;  
 
operational risks arising from the potential requirement to adapt IT systems, trade reporting 
infrastructure and operational processes, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business and results of operations; and  
 
conduct risks arising from the potential impact of communication with customers and 
engagement during the transition period, which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business and prospects.  
Accordingly, it is not currently possible to determine whether, or to what extent, any such changes 
would affect Rabobank. However, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates may, as a result of 
one or more of the risks set out in the preceding paragraph, have a material adverse effect on Rabobank’s 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
See also the risk factor "Rabobank’s financial condition is to a large extent dependent on its ability 
to accurately price its services and products" for other examples relating to benchmark reform which could 
have a material adverse impact on Rabobank. 
The Group's participation in the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition  
Since 2015, the Group has been required to make yearly contributions to the resolution funds which 
were established to ensure the efficient application of resolution tools and the exercise of the resolution 
powers conferred to the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) by the Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as 
amended, the “SRM Regulation”). In 2020, the contribution to the Dutch National Resolution Fund (the 
“DNRF”) amounted to €225 million.  
Furthermore, the SRM (as defined below) (see the risk factor entitled “Resolution regimes may lead 
to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to 
lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding”) and other new European rules on deposit 
guarantee schemes could have an impact on the Group in the years to come. All these factors could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In November 2015, a new way of financing the Dutch deposit guarantee scheme (the “Dutch 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme”), a pre-funded system that protects bank depositors from losses caused by 
a bank’s inability to pay its debts when due, came into force. As of 2016, banks were required to pay a 
premium on a quarterly basis. The target size of the scheme is 0.8 per cent. of total guaranteed deposits 
of all banks in the Netherlands. In 2020, the Group’s contribution to the Dutch Deposit Guarantee Scheme 
amounted to €177 million compared to €137 million in 2019.  
There can be no assurance that additional taxes or levies will not be imposed, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further information on regulation applicable to Rabobank, please see the section entitled 
“Regulation of Rabobank Group”.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
The Issuer is subject to stress tests and other regulatory enquiries, the outcome of which could 
materially and adversely affect the Issuer's reputation, financing costs and trigger enforcement 
action by supervisory authorities 
The banking sector, which includes the Group, is subject to periodic stress testing and other 
regulatory enquiries to examine the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such stress tests 
are initiated and coordinated by the EBA or the ECB. Stress tests and the announcements of their results 
by supervisory authorities can destabilise the banking or the financial services sector and lead to a loss of 
trust with regard to individual banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome of stress tests 
could materially and adversely affect the Issuer's reputation, financing costs and trigger enforcement action 
by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests could also result in the Group having to meet higher 
capital and liquidity requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
results of operations, profitability or reputation. 
In addition, stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced or which 
until then, the Issuer had not considered to be material and worthy of taking remedial action on. This could 
lead to certain measures or capital and funding requirements by supervisory authorities being imposed or 
taken, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
profitability or reputation. 
Rabobank is subject to changes in financial reporting standards and or polices, which might have 
an adverse impact on its reported results and financial condition 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union, which is periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time, the 
Group is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised bodies, including 
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). It is possible that future accounting standards 
which the Group is required to adopt, could change the current accounting treatment that applies to its 
consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s results of operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse effect 
on capital ratios.  
Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse 
for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding 
The Special Measures Financial Institutions Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële 
ondernemingen, the “Intervention Act”), the Directive 2014/59/EU for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (“BRRD”) and the 
SRM Regulation set out the intervention and resolution framework applicable to the Issuer. 
Recovery and resolution plans and powers to address impediments to resolvability 
The Group has drawn up a recovery plan. In addition, the SRB, in cooperation with DNB acting in 
its capacity as the national resolution authority draws up a resolution plan for the Group on a yearly basis 
providing for resolution actions it may take if the Group is failing or is likely to fail. In drawing up the Group’s 
resolution plan, the SRB can identify any material impediments to its resolvability. Where necessary, the 
SRB may require the removal of such impediments. This may lead to mandatory restructuring of the Group, 
which could lead to high transaction costs, or could make the Group’s business operations or its funding 
mix to become less optimally composed or more expensive. 
Early intervention measures 
If the Group would infringe or, due to a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, would be likely to 
infringe capital or liquidity requirements in the near future, the ECB has power to impose early intervention 
measures on the Group. A rapidly deteriorating financial condition could, for example, occur in the case of 
a deterioration of the Group’s liquidity position, or in the case of increasing levels of leverage, non-

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
performing loans or concentrations of exposures. Intervention measures include the power to require 
changes to the legal or operational structure of the Group, or its business strategy, and the power to require 
the Managing Board to convene a meeting of the General Members’ Council of Rabobank, failing which 
the ECB can directly convene such meeting, in both cases with the power of the ECB to set the agenda 
and require certain decisions to be considered for adoption. Furthermore, if these early intervention 
measures are not considered sufficient, management may be replaced or a temporary administrator may 
be installed. A special manager may also be appointed who will be granted management authority over 
the Issuer instead of its existing executive board members, in order to implement the measures decided 
on by the ECB. These measures, when implemented, may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being 
available to investors for recourse for their claims. 
(Pre-)Resolution measures 
If Rabobank or the Group were to reach a point of non-viability but not (yet) meet the conditions for 
resolution, the SRB in close cooperation with the national resolution authority can take pre-resolution 
measures. These measures include the power to write down capital instruments (such as Dated 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) or convert them into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
instruments. 
If Rabobank meets the conditions for resolution, the SRB may take resolution measures. Conditions 
for resolution are: (i) the ECB or the SRB determines that Rabobank is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) having 
regard to the circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector or 
supervisory action would, within a reasonable timeframe, prevent the failure of Rabobank, and (iii) the 
resolution measure is necessary in the public interest. 
Rabobank would be considered to be failing or likely to fail, inter alia, if it infringes capital or liquidity 
requirements or Rabobank’s liabilities exceed its assets, or Rabobank is unable to pay its debts and 
liabilities as they fall due, or there are objective elements to support a determination that this will be the 
case in the near future. 
Resolution tools of the SRB include a sale of a business or part of a business, a bridge institution 
tool, an asset separation tool and a bail-in tool that would enable the write-down and conversion of debt 
(such as the Notes) into shares and other instruments of ownership to strengthen the financial condition of 
the failing bank and allow it to continue as a going concern subject to appropriate restructuring. The SRB 
also has the power to require the mandatory write-down of capital instruments (including instruments such 
as the Dated Subordinated Notes) when a bank enters resolution. Any such mandatory write-down could 
lead to losses for investors in the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
When applying the resolution tools and exercising the resolution powers, including the preparation 
and implementation thereof, the SRB can exercise its powers irrespective of any restriction on, or 
requirement for consent for, transfer of the financial instruments, rights, assets or liabilities in question that 
might otherwise apply. Any such exercise may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to 
investors for recourse for their claims. 
Risks relating to the EU Banking Reforms 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission announced amendments of certain provisions 
of, inter alia, CRD IV, CRR, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation which were included in the EU banking 
reform package adopted in April 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms") and which, amongst other things, are 
intended to implement the final total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") standard and clarify its interaction 
with MREL (as defined below).  
The Intervention Act, BRRD, SRM and the EU Banking Reforms may lead to lower credit ratings 
and may increase the Issuer's cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer's funding 
ability, financial position and results of operations. In case of a capital shortfall, the Issuer would first be 
required to carry out all possible capital raising measures by private means, including the conversion of

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
junior debt into equity (which may include the Dated Subordinated Notes and/or the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes), before one is eligible for any kind of restructuring State aid. 
In addition, potential investors should refer to the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial position and results of operations” and “The Notes may be subject to resolution 
powers (including powers to write down debt) so there is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of 
its investment upon the exercise of such powers by the relevant authority” which set out the risks relating 
to the resolution framework applicable to the Group. 
Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools introduced by BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation, the BRRD and SRM Regulation require that all institutions (including Rabobank) must 
meet a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) set by the relevant resolution 
authorities.  
The EU Banking Reforms have made changes to the existing MREL framework and furthermore 
introduced changes to the CRD IV, CRR, BRRD and the SRM Regulation. On 20 May 2020, the SRB 
published its final MREL Policy under the EU Banking Reforms. MREL decisions by the SRB implementing 
the new MREL Policy are based on this policy in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. These decisions 
replace those issued under the previous MREL framework. On 29 March 2021, Rabobank received its 
updated MREL requirement from the Dutch Central Bank (acting in its capacity as National Resolution 
Authority), as decided on by the SRB on 29 January 2021. This MREL requirement, under the revised 
framework, is 23.11% of risk weighted assets (“RWA”) (27.62% of RWA when including Rabobank’s 
combined buffer requirements) and 7.5% of Leverage Ratio Exposure, each on a Group consolidated 
basis, to be met as an intermediate requirement by 1 January 2022 and as an end-state requirement by 1 
January 2024. Any future changes may also require the Group to raise additional regulatory capital or hold 
additional liquidity buffers which may adversely affect the Group's financial position and results of 
operation. As a result, it is not possible to give any assurances as to the ultimate scope, nature, timing, 
disclosure and consequences of breach of any resulting obligations, or the impact that they will have on 
Rabobank once implemented. If the Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, 
it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations which would have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations. In addition, the above 
requirements and the market’s perception of the Group’s ability to satisfy them may adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. 
Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
Under CRD IV, institutions (including Rabobank) are required to hold a minimum amount of 
regulatory capital equal to 8 per cent. of the aggregate total risk exposure amount of the Group (“Risk-
Weighted Assets”) (of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be Common Equity Tier 1 Capital). In addition to 
these so-called minimum or “Pillar 1” “own funds” requirements, Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD IV 
Directive”) also introduced capital buffer requirements that are in addition to the minimum “own funds” 
requirements and are required to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. It provides for five capital 
buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the 
global systemically important institutions buffer (the “G-SII Buffer”); (iv) the other systemically important 
institutions buffer (the “O-SII Buffer”) and (v) the systemic risk buffer. The capital conservation buffer (2.5 
per cent.), O-SII Buffer (2.0 per cent) and countercyclical capital buffer (0.01 per cent. as of 31 December 
2020) all apply to the Group (the systemic risk buffer was suspended by DNB due to the implementation 
of Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”) and some or all of the other buffers may be applicable to the Group 
from time to time, as determined by the ECB, the DNB or any other competent authority at such time. Any

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
increase in the pillar 2 requirements and/or capital buffer requirements, including an increase of the 
systemic risk buffer by DNB, may require the Group to increase its CET1 Ratio (as defined below) and 
also its overall amount of capital and MREL which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position and results of operations. 
In addition to the “Pillar 1” and capital buffer requirements described above, CRD IV contemplates 
that competent authorities may require additional “Pillar 2” capital to be maintained by an institution relating 
to elements of risks which are not fully captured by the minimum “own funds” requirements (“additional 
own funds requirements”) or to address macro-prudential requirements. 
On 15 December 2019, Rabobank published its 2020 ECB capital requirements, determined 
pursuant to the SREP (as defined below). The ECB decision requires that Rabobank maintains a total 
supervisory review and evaluation process (“SREP”) capital requirement of 9.75 per cent. on a 
consolidated and unconsolidated basis. The requirement consists of an 8 per cent. minimum own funds 
requirement and a 1.75 per cent. Pillar 2 requirement (“P2R”). The total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
minimum requirement is 6.25 per cent., consisting of the minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.) and 
the P2R (1.75 per cent.). On 8 April 2020, the ECB informed Rabobank that the proportion of the P2R 
which needs to be held in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital may be reduced from 100 per 
cent. CET1 capital to a minimum of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital. This 
effectively lowers the total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital component of the P2R to 0.77 per cent. The 
above capital requirements continue to apply to Rabobank as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, Rabobank is required to comply with the combined buffer requirements consisting of a 
capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent. as of 2019), an O-SII buffer of 2.0 per cent and a countercyclical 
capital buffer (0.01 per cent. as of 31 December 2020) that needs to be applied on top of these Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital requirements. A systemic risk buffer imposed by DNB of 3.0 per cent. as of 2019 has 
been suspended due to the implementation of CRD V. When taking into account the suspended systemic 
risk buffer imposed by DNB, this would translate into an aggregate 10.00 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital requirement for 2020. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
requirement for 2020 continues to apply to Rabobank and the Group complies with these requirements.  
In the Netherlands, the countercyclical capital buffer currently has been set at zero per cent. by 
DNB. However, DNB and (in respect of exposures outside the Netherlands) local regulators may set the 
countercyclical capital buffer at a level other than zero per cent resulting in a countercyclical capital buffer 
of 0.01 per cent as of 31 December 2020. Furthermore, DNB has noted that once the situation is back to 
normal, it will compensate the systemic buffers reduction by gradually increasing the countercyclical capital 
buffer to 2.0 per cent. 
The ECB decision also requires that Rabobank maintains a CET1 Ratio of 8.75 per cent. on an 
unconsolidated basis. This 8.75 per cent. capital requirement is comprised of the minimum Pillar 1 
requirement (4.5 per cent.), the P2R (1.75 per cent.) and the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent. as 
of 2019). On 8 April 2020, the ECB informed Rabobank that the proportion of the P2R which needs to be 
held in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital may be reduced from 100 per cent. CET1 capital 
to a minimum of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. of Tier 1 capital componenet of the P2R. 
This effectively lowers the total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital component of the P2R to 0.77 per cent. 
Rabobank currently intends to maintain an internal management buffer comprising Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital over the combined buffer requirement applicable to the Group. As part of its Strategic 
Framework 2016-2020 and an update of the strategy, in anticipation of the expected impact of new rules 
on capital requirements, the Group aims at a long term CET1 Ratio of a minimum of 14 per cent., but there 
can be no assurance that this target ratio will be maintained. This target could be revised as a result of 
regulatory developments. As at 31 December 2020, the CET1 Ratio of the Group was 16.8 per cent. and 
the solo CET1 Ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2020 was 16.0 per cent. There can be no assurance, 
however, that Rabobank will continue to maintain such internal management buffer or that any such buffer

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
would be sufficient to protect against a breach of the combined buffer requirement resulting in restrictions 
on payments on its Common Equity Tier 1 and additional tier 1 instruments.  
The Group is subject to the risk, inherent in all regulated financial businesses, of having insufficient 
capital resources to meet its minimum regulatory capital requirements, any additional own funds 
requirements or any capital buffer requirements. Capital requirements may increase if economic conditions 
or negative trends in the financial markets worsen. Any failure of the Group to maintain its “Pillar 1” 
minimum regulatory capital ratios, any “Pillar 2” additional own funds requirements or any capital buffer 
requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which in turn could have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations. A shortage of available capital may restrict the 
Group’s opportunities. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) finalised 
the Basel III reforms (also referred to as “Basel IV” by the industry) (the “Basel III Reforms”).  
Of the Basel III Reforms, the introduction of the standardized credit risk RWA (REA) floor is expected 
to have the most significant impact on the Group. The standards for the new standardized credit risk RWA 
(REA) calculation rules include (i) introduction of new risk drivers, (ii) introduction of higher risk weights 
and (iii) reduction of mechanistic reliance on credit ratings (by requiring banks to conduct sufficient due 
diligence, and by developing a sufficiently granular non-ratings-based approach for jurisdictions that cannot 
or do not wish to rely on external credit ratings). The implementation of the standardized RWA (REA) floors 
is expected to have a significant impact on the calculation of the Group’s risk weighted assets due to the 
substantial difference in RWA (REA) calculated on the basis of advanced approaches and such calculation 
on the basis of new standardized rules for mortgages and exposures to corporates. 
If the regulatory capital requirements, liquidity restrictions or ratios applied to the Group are 
increased in the future, any failure of the Group to maintain such increased capital and liquidity ratios may 
result in administrative actions or sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding Basel III Reforms 
and CRD IV, including their implementation in the Netherlands, please see the section entitled “Regulation 
of Rabobank Group”. 
The Issuer's ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of its business 
and the failure to do so may adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition and results 
of operations 
The Group’s success depends to a great extent on the ability and experience of its senior 
management and other key employees. The loss of the services of certain key employees, particularly to 
competitors, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. The failure to attract or retain a sufficient number of appropriate employees could 
significantly impede the Group’s financial plans, growth and other objectives and have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Section D: Taxation risk 
Tax risk 
The Group is subject to the tax laws of all countries in which it operates. The main categories of 
relevant taxes are corporate income tax, wage tax, value added tax, bank tax and withholding taxes. Tax 
risk is the risk associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law. It also includes the risk 
of changes in tax rates and the risk of failure to comply with procedures required by tax authorities. Failure 
to manage tax risks could lead to an additional tax charge. It could also lead to a financial penalty for failure 
to comply with required tax procedures or other aspects of tax law. If, as a result of a particular tax risk 
materialising, the tax costs associated with particular transactions are greater than anticipated, it could 
affect the profitability of those transactions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
business, financial condition and results of operations or lead to regulatory enforcement action or may 
have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation. 
Bank tax 
In 2012, the Dutch government introduced a bank tax for all entities that are authorised to conduct 
banking activities in the Netherlands. The tax is based on the amount of the total liabilities on the balance 
sheet of the relevant bank as of the end of such bank’s preceding financial year, with exemptions for equity, 
deposits that are covered by a guarantee scheme and for certain liabilities relating to insurance business. 
The levy on short-term funding liabilities is twice as high as the levy on long-term funding liabilities. The 
Group was charged a total of €136 million in Dutch bank tax in 2020 (as compared to  €133 million in 2019 
and  €139 million in 2018).  
In addition in 2020, the bank levy payable by Rabobank in Belgium amounted to €10 million in 2020 
(as compared to €10 million in 2019). Any future increases of the bank tax charged to the Group could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2. Risks related to the Notes 
Section A – Risk Factors Relating to Senior Preferred Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Dated Subordinated Notes Issued Under the Programme 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors, the most common of which are set out below: 
A.1 Risks related to a Particular Issue of Notes under the Programme 
If any Notes are redeemed by the issuer prior to their maturity, an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves the same effective return 
The Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Notes under the Programme may specify that such 
Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, 
pursuant to the Issuer’s option under Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, in respect of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 6(c) 
(Issuer’s Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and in respect of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes, Condition 6(c) (Issuer’s Call Option) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes). 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period, in particular where there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood 
that the Issuer will be able to elect to redeem Notes in such redemption period. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, a holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that, 
due to early redemption, its investment will have a lower-than-expected yield. The Issuer may redeem 
Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Future discontinuance of IBORs may affect the value of Floating Rate Notes that reference IBORs 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes, the interest rate on which fluctuates according to 
fluctuations in a specified interest rate benchmark (“benchmarks”).  
In the United Kingdom, on 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that certain LIBOR benchmarks 
would cease to be published or no longer be representative and consultation on requiring certain LIBOR 
benchmarks to be continued on a changed methodology (‘synthetic’) basis – see the risk factor entitled

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
“Rabobank’s financial condition is exposed to changes as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation”. 
Additionally, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) has developed a hybrid methodology for 
EURIBOR in order to transition away from the quote-based methodology for EURIBOR. On 28 November 
2019, EMMI confirmed it has completed the transitioning of the panel banks from the quote-based 
EURIBOR methodology to the hybrid methodology. 
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, USD LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or any other benchmark could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference 
an alternative benchmark, or result in other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in 
respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, whose interest rates are linked to USD LIBOR, EURIBOR or any such other benchmark 
that is subject to reform). See also the risk factor entitled “Floating Rate notes – Benchmark Unavailability 
and Discontinuation” below.  
Accordingly, in respect of any Notes referencing a relevant benchmark, such reforms and changes 
in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the market value and return on such Notes 
(including potential rates of interest thereon).  
Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Unavailability and Discontinuation 
(i) The Relevant Screen Page may be unavailable or discontinued 
Investors should be aware that, if USD LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark were 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which reference any such benchmark 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending 
on the manner in which the relevant benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, this may (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for such 
rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the 
relevant benchmark was available. 
(ii) Benchmark Events may occur 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs in respect of a Reference Rate other 
than a SOFR Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes), the Issuer shall 
use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser. After consulting with 
the Independent Adviser, the Issuer shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate, despite the continued availability of the Original Reference 
Rate. The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to result 
in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
be referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for USD LIBOR or EURIBOR (or any other 
Reference Rate other than a SOFR Reference Rate) is determined by the Issuer (following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser), the Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Conditions, as 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. Prospective investors should note that the Issuer 
is liable for the payment of interest due under the Notes on the one hand and, on the other hand, may 
determine the necessary adjustments to the interest rate in case of a Benchmark Event. The interests of 
the Issuer may therefore conflict with the interests of the Noteholders when making such determinations 
which could negatively impact the return on investment for Noteholders if the Alternative Rate or the 
Successor Rate are determined in a manner which is favourable to the Issuer.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser), the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the 
Conditions) will be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. Whilst the purpose of any 
Adjustment Spread is to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders as a result of the application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, the application of 
the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so in all circumstances and may result in the Notes 
performing differently (for example, paying a lower interest rate, trading at a lower market price and/or 
paying a lower yield) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form.  
(iii) Benchmark Transition Events in respect of a SOFR Reference Rate may occur 
 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date occur in respect of a 
SOFR Reference Rate, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the SOFR Reference Rate for all 
purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. The use of any Benchmark Replacement to determine the Rate 
of Interest is likely to result in Notes linked to or referencing the SOFR Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the SOFR 
Reference Rate were to continue to be linked or referenced. In addition, the market (if any) for Notes linked 
to any such Benchmark Replacement may be less liquid than the market for Notes linked to the relevant 
SOFR Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Benchmark Replacement for a SOFR Reference Rate is determined by the Issuer 
or its designee, the Conditions provide that the Issuer or its designee may make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice, without any 
requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. Prospective investors should note that the Issuer 
is liable for the payment of interest due under the Notes on the one hand and, on the other hand, may 
determine the necessary adjustments to the interest rate in case of a Benchmark Transition Event. The 
interests of the Issuer may therefore conflict with the interests of the Noteholders when making such 
determinations which could negatively impact the return on investment for Noteholders if the Benchmark 
Replacement is determined in a manner which is favourable to the Issuer. 
If a Benchmark Replacement is determined by the Issuer or its designee, the Conditions also 
provide that Benchmark Replacement Adjustments (as defined in the Conditions) may be applied to such 
Benchmark Replacement. The application of the Benchmark Replacement Adjustments to the Notes may 
result in the Notes performing differently (for example, paying a lower interest rate, trading at a lower 
market price and/or paying a lower yield) than they would do if the relevant SOFR Reference Rate were to 
continue to apply in its current form.  
(iv) Floating rate notes may yield fixed rate returns 
If USD LIBOR or EURIBOR (or any other Reference Rate) is discontinued permanently, and the 
Issuer, for any reason (including, but not limited to, as a result of the operation of Condition 5(i)(vii) of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Condition 5(i)(vii) of the Dated Subordinated Notes), is unable to determine 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or (in the case of Notes referencing a SOFR Reference Rate) 
Benchmark Replacement, the Rate of Interest may revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before USD LIBOR or EURIBOR (or such other Reference Rate) 
was discontinued, and such Rate of Interest will continue to apply until maturity. This will result in the 
Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming Fixed Rate Notes.  
(v) Operation of fallback provisions are uncertain 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates, Alternative Rates and 
Benchmark Replacements, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the possibility that a licence or

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
44 
registration may be required under applicable legislation for establishing and publishing fallback interest 
rates, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time which could 
adversely affect the liquidity, trading market and the value of the Notes.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, by operation of the contractual fallback provisions in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, the Issuer does not determine a benchmark in a manner that requires a licence 
under applicable laws. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SONIA, SOFR and 
€STR) as reference rates for floating rate Notes. 
(i) Nascent risk-free rates and market 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as 
the SONIA, SOFR and €STR, as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro 
bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates.  
SONIA, SOFR and €STR are, in the case of SONIA only, recently reformed and in the case of SOFR 
and €STR, newly established risk-free rates. Therefore, such risk-free rates have a limited performance 
history and the future performance of such risk-free rates is impossible to predict. As a consequence, no 
future performance of such risk-free rate or Notes referencing such risk-free rate may be inferred from any 
of the hypothetical or actual historical performance data. In addition, investors should be aware that risk-
free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.  
(ii) Calculation of Interest 
Interest is calculated on the basis of the compounded risk-free rate e.g. Compounded Daily SONIA, 
which is calculated using the relevant specific formula set out in the Conditions, not the risk-free rate 
published on or in respect of a particular date during such Observation Period. For this and other reasons, 
the interest rate on the Notes during any Observation Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other investments linked to the risk-free rate that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable 
interest rate.  
In addition, market conventions for calculating the interest rate for Notes referencing risk-free rates 
continue to develop and market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Resere Bank of New 
York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, 
the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index. 
Accordingly, the specific formula for calculating the rate used in the Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus may not be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. The Issuer may in the future 
also issue Notes referencing risk-free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes referencing risk-free rates issued by it. If the market adopts a different 
calculation method, that could adversely affect the market value of Notes issued pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus.  
Interest on the Notes which reference a risk-free rate is only capable of being determined immediately 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference risk-
free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the 
Notes become due and payable pursuant to an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a 
date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date 
the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
Each risk-free rate is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other 
sources and Rabobank has no control over their respective determinations, calculations or publications.

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
45 
There can be no guarantee that the relevant risk-free rate (or the SOFR Compounded Index or SONIA 
Compounded Index) will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Notes linked to or which reference such risk-free rate (or that any 
applicable benchmark fallback provisions provided for in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for Noteholders). None of the Bank of England, the 
Federal Reserve or the European Central Bank have an obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing the relevant risk-free rate (or the SOFR 
Compounded Index or SONIA Compounded Index). If the manner in which the relevant risk-free rate is 
calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such 
Notes and the trading prices of such Notes.  
(iii) Market Adoption 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to the Notes that reference 
a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or any other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes.  
Creditors of Rabobank’s branches may benefit from statutory protections which may affect 
the recoverability of the Noteholders’ claims, in any bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation 
scenarios  
Rabobank may issue Notes under the Programme through Rabobank Australia Branch or 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch and pursuant to its other funding programmes it may issue other debt 
securities through its branches in other jurisdictions, including New York. Investors in any such Notes or 
other debt securities issued by Rabobank’s branches may benefit from statutory protections in such 
jurisdictions, which include the ability of local regulators and authorities to ring fence, or take possession 
of, Rabobank’s assets located in such jurisdiction for the benefit of the creditors of those branches in 
circumstances where Rabobank is placed in liquidation or there is reason to doubt Rabobank’s ability to 
pay its creditors in full. Accordingly, in any bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of Rabobank in the 
Netherlands, creditors of Notes issued by Rabobank may not have access to any such assets until the 
claims of the creditors of Rabobank’s branches have been satisfied. Therefore, the amounts available to 
satisfy the claims of Noteholders upon any such bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation may be reduced. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denominations may be unable to sell 
their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be 
issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. Any such holding of Notes that is less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive bearer Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a minimum Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes that 
have a denomination which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
46 
A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds in connection with green or sustainable projects and/or any failure to 
meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors may affect 
the value and/or trading price of such Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified “green”, “social” or 
“sustainability” projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria (see “Use of Proceeds”) 
(any such Notes, “Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds”, as applicable). In 
connection with an issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a 
sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (a 
“Compliance Opinion”) confirming that any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are in 
compliance with the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles. The ICMA 
Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and 
promote integrity in the development of the green bond market. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable”, and therefore no assurance can be provided by the Issuer 
or any Dealer to potential investors that the green or sustainable projects to be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms will meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability performance or continue to meet 
the relevant eligibility criteria. Although applicable green projects are expected to be selected in 
accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles and are expected to be 
developed in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse 
environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or 
operation of any such green or sustainable projects. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently 
mitigated, green or sustainable projects may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders which could have a negative reputational impact on the Group and reduce 
the liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the Notes issued by the Group. 
The Issuer intends to use the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
for green or sustainable projects, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. However, even if the Issuer 
agrees at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to certain allocation 
and/or impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green or sustainable 
projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), it would not be an event of default under the Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or 
were to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the 
Compliance Opinion were to be withdrawn. Furthermore, any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) 
lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or 
be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights 
in repsect of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or (ii) affect the qualification of such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds which are also Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Capital or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable). 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be subject to bail-in and resolution 
measures provided by the BRRD in the same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. As to 
such measures, see the risk factor entitled "The Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including 
powers to write down debt) so there is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon 
the exercise of such powers by the relevant authority)" below. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any 
Series of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in connection with green or sustainable 
projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
47 
assets. None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
A.2 Risk Factors Relating Specifically to Non-Preferred Senior Notes Issued under the 
Programme 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to most of the Issuer’s liabilities (other than 
subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and bail-in and have limited rights to accelerate 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall qualify as, and comprise 
part of the class of, Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations and shall constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and the claims of Holders in respect of the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, rank:  
(i) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to all present or future 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations (including excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of 
the CRR);  
(ii) in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, pari passu with any other Statutory Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations; and  
(iii) in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations. 
Therefore, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in 
turn, rank junior to obligations of Rabobank which are by law given priority over the Senior Preferred Notes) 
and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective investors in Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of Rabobank’s bankruptcy, 
Rabobank would generally expect investors in Non-Preferred Senior Notes to lose their entire investment 
before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes.  
In the event of a resolution of the Rabobank Group: 
(i) 
capital instruments (which includes Dated Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) 
must first be converted into claims which may give rights to Common Equity Tier 1 Capital or 
written down (to the extent not already so converted or written down at the point where the 
resolution authority considers that the Issuer would otherwise no longer be viable); 
(ii) 
thereafter, MREL Eligible Liabilities can be bailed-in, in the following order of priority: 
a. other subordinated liabilities that do not or no longer qualify as capital instruments 
(including Dated Subordinated Notes that do not or no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital);  
b. other eligible liabilities, including Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and  
c. 
Senior Preferred Notes (to the extent qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities); and 
(iii) 
thereafter, the rest of the bail-inable liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
The Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes do not provide for events of default allowing 
acceleration of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, such failure will not 
give the holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount 
of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. In accordance with Condition 10 (No Events of Default) of the Terms

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
48 
and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if the Issuer (i) becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an 
order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for 
the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting 
of Holders), the Holder of any Non-Preferred Senior Note shall have a claim which ranks as provided in 
Condition 4 (Status of Notes) for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. In the case of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, see also the risk 
factor entitled "A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds in connection with green or sustainable projects and/or any failure to meet the 
investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors may affect the value and/or trading 
price of such Bonds" above. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute 
proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation 
of the Issuer under or arising from the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Coupons, including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more 
days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it.  
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such 
as the Senior Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority to payments 
under the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Also, the Issuer is not restricted in issuing further non-preferred 
senior debt ranking pari passu with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. The issue of any such securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes on a winding-up or liquidation 
of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of 
senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all or any of) the amounts 
owing to the holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In addition, the repayment rights of holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are limited in certain 
respects. In particular, (i) redemption of Non-Preferred Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Issuer’s 
Call Option), Condition 6(d) (Redemption due to Taxation) and Condition 6(e) (Redemption due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may only be 
effected after the Issuer has obtained the written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if so required at the 
relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written consent of the Relevant 
Regulator before effecting any repayment of Non-Preferred Senior Notes pursuant to Condition 10 (No 
Events of Default). See Conditions 6(b) (Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase) 
and 10 (No Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes for further 
details. Also, any right of set-off or netting by the holders in respect of any amount owed to such holder by 
the Issuer under or in connection with the Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall be excluded.  
If Rabobank is declared insolvent and a bankruptcy is initiated, Rabobank will be required to meet 
obligations owing to all of its creditors (including all its holders of covered deposits) that are afforded higher-
priority status under the Dutch insolvency rules in full before Rabobank can make any payments on its 
Senior Preferred Notes and Coupons. Thereafter, Rabobank will be required to pay the holders of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and other senior debt (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations 
that Rabobank may have with respect to its Non-Preferred Senior Notes, other non-preferred senior claims 
and subordinated claims including subordinated debt) before Rabobank can make any payments on the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Coupons. Accordingly, in the event of its bankruptcy, Rabobank may not 
have enough assets remaining after paying higher-priority creditors to pay amounts due under the Non-

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
49 
Preferred Senior Notes and related Coupons. Furthermore, any resolution action taken in respect of 
Rabobank would generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its obligations as described 
above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking 
obligations. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any other Statutory Non-preferred Senior Obligations (niet 
preferente niet achtergestelde schuld) of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer’s MREL 
Eligible Liabilities’ for the purposes of its MREL requirement. MREL is designed to be available to resolution 
authorities for write down, write off or conversion to equity in order to absorb losses and recapitalise a 
failing institution in the event of resolution action being taken, and before more senior-ranking creditors 
suffer losses. The amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities Rabobank is required to maintain over time will be 
based on the expected required capacity to resolve and, if appropriate, recapitalise Rabobank in the event 
of its failure. Accordingly, if such calibration is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors 
in the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst investors in 
the Senior Preferred Notes suffer lower (or no) losses (although there can be no assurance that investors 
in the Senior Preferred Notes will not also suffer substantial losses). 
As a result of the above factors, although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes may bear significantly 
more risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes. The market value of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
may therefore be more severely adversely affected and/or more volatile if Rabobank’s financial condition 
deteriorates than the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
The qualification of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes as Eligible Liabilities is subject to 
uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem the Non-Preferred Senior Notes following a 
MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Rabobank may redeem its Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event. If such Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so 
redeemed or there is a perception that such may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of 
such Notes. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of any Series of Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Relevant Regulator) 
are likely to become excluded, in whole or in part, from the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities as determined 
in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes in whole or 
in part from the Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities is due to the remaining maturity of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with 
respect to the Issuer. 
As the implementation of MREL under the BRRD is subject to the adoption of further legislation and 
implementation, including further legislative proposals in the EU with respect to (amongst other things) the 
necessary features of eligible liabilities (as set out in the EC Capital Proposals), Rabobank is unable to 
predict whether the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be fully or partially excluded from its minimum 
requirements referred to above. If any of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be redeemed as a result 
of an MREL Disqualification Event or there is a perception that such Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be 
so redeemed, this may impact the market price of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes. Therefore, there is a 
risk that Noteholders will not be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Non-Preferred Senior Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
50 
The Issuer may substitute or vary the Non-Preferred Senior Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event in a manner which may be adverse to a holder of such Notes  
If Substitution and Variation and/or Alignment Event are specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
an MREL Disqualification Event and/or, as applicable, an Alignment Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, at its option and having given the certification and notice required by Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase) specifying 
the date fixed for such substitution or variation, substitute all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders of such Series, so that the substituted notes 
are, or that the Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
Whilst MREL Compliant Notes are required to have terms not materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as the Issuer reasonably 
determines in consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing), any such substitution or 
variation could adversely affect the interests of any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such substituted or varied Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Holders of Non-Preferred Senior Notes may suffer tax consequences upon substitution or 
variation of terms following a MREL Disqualification Event or an Alignment Event  
If upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event or an Alignment Event the Issuer 
substitutes all of the relevant series of Non-Preferred Senior Notes for, or (where applicable) varies the 
terms of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Compliant 
Notes, such substitution or variation in terms might be treated for a holder’s local income tax purposes as 
a deemed disposition of such Non-Preferred Senior Notes by such holder in exchange for new Non-
Preferred Senior Notes. There is a risk that as a result of this deemed disposition, a holder could be 
required to recognise capital gain or loss for income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between 
the issue price of the new Notes and the holder’s tax basis in the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
A.3 Risk Factors Relating Specifically to Dated Subordinated Notes Issued under the 
Programme 
The Dated Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and rank junior to most of the 
Issuer’s liabilities and holders of Dated Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The Issuer’s obligation to make payments under the Dated Subordinated Notes and related 
Coupons are subordinated. In particular, subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law 
(including as a result of the Amending Act), the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Dated Subordinated 
Notes and related Coupons shall, in the case of (i) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (ii) dissolution 
(ontbinding) as a result of the insolvency of the Issuer, rank: 
(a) 
subordinated and junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer (including holders of the Senior Preferred 
Notes, the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 
72a(2) of the CRR); 
(b) 
pari passu with any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer which constitutes or is eligible 
to constitute Tier 2 Capital; and 
(c) 
senior to any other present or future obligation of the Issuer which constitutes or is eligible to 
constitute Tier 1 Capital. 
In the event of a resolution of the Rabobank Group:

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
51 
(i) 
capital instruments (which includes Dated Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital) 
must first be converted into claims which may give rights to Common Equity Tier 1 Capital or 
written down (to the extent not already so converted or written down at the point where the 
resolution authority considers that the Issuer would otherwise no longer be viable);  
(ii) 
thereafter, MREL Eligible Liabilities can be bailed-in, in the following order of priority: 
a. other subordinated liabilities that do not or no longer qualify as capital instruments 
(including Dated Subordinated Notes that do not or no longer qualify as Tier 2 Capital as 
a result of the Amending Act);  
b. other eligible liabilities, including Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and  
c. 
Senior Preferred Notes (to the extent qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities); and 
(iii) 
thereafter, the rest of the bail-inable liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
By virtue of this subordination, payments to the Holders of Dated Subordinated Notes or associated 
Couponholders will, in the case of the bankruptcy or dissolution as a result of the insolvency of the Issuer, 
only be made after all payment obligations of Senior Creditors have been satisfied in full. In that case, the 
Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after paying higher-priority creditors to pay amounts due 
under the relevant Dated Subordinated Notes and related Coupons. There is a risk that Holders of Dated 
Subordinated Notes or associated Couponholders will lose all or some of their investment should be Issuer 
become bankrupt or be dissolved. 
See also the risk factors entitled “The Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers 
to write down debt) so there is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the 
exercise of such powers by the relevant authority” and “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations”. 
The Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default allowing 
acceleration of the Dated Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet 
any interest payment or other obligation under the Dated Subordinated Notes, such failure will not give the 
holders of Dated Subordinated Notes any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the 
Dated Subordinated Notes. In the case of Dated Subordinated Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, see also the risk factor entitled "A failure by the Issuer to use the net 
proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in connection with green or 
sustainable projects and/or any failure to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally 
focused investors may affect the value and/or trading price of such Bonds" above.  
The sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer under 
the Dated Subordinated Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to 
demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Dated Subordinated Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or 
premium or satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes or the 
Coupons, in each case when not satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such 
payment is due, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it. Also, any right of set-off or netting by the holders in respect of any amount owed to such 
holder by the Issuer under or in connection with the Dated Subordinated Notes shall be excluded.

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
52 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such 
as Senior Preferred Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which 
rank in priority of payments with the Dated Subordinated Notes. Also, there is a risk that, following the 
implementation of the Amending Act, a Series of Dated Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital 
Event has occurred, or other fully disqualified own funds instruments, will in the Issuer's bankruptcy rank 
senior to (other) Dated Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital (in whole or in part). See also 
Condition 4(b) of the Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes, which provides that the status and 
ranking of the Dated Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory applicable law, including as a result of 
the Amending Act. Also, the Issuer is not restricted in issuing further subordinated debt ranking pari passu 
with the Dated Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by holders of the Dated Subordinated Notes in a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, 
there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the holders of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes. 
The Dated Subordinated Notes of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer’s Tier 2 
Capital. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the 
relative ranking of its obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations 
before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, it may be the case that, in 
bankruptcy or a resolution, investors in the Dated Subordinated Notes may lose all or substantially all of 
their investment whilst investors in the Senior Creditors suffer lower (or no) losses (although there can be 
no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes will not also 
suffer substantial losses). 
The market value of the Dated Subordinated Notes may therefore be more severely adversely 
affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates than the market value of other 
(non-subordinated) Notes. Accordingly, although Dated Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Dated Subordinated 
Notes may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes.  
Dated Subordinated Notes may be redeemed following a Capital Event, which may impact the 
market price of such Notes 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem its Dated Subordinated Notes 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event. 
A Capital Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Dated Subordinated Notes if the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that as a result of a change on or after 
the relevant Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of Notes in a Series in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes under the Capital Regulations, the Notes have been or will be excluded from own funds or 
reclassified as of own funds of lower quality (that is, no longer Tier 2 Capital) in whole. 
If any of the Dated Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a Capital Event or there 
is a perception that such Dated Subordinated Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market 
price of such Dated Subordinated Notes. There is also a risk that Noteholders will not be able to reinvest 
the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment 
in the Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
53 
A.4 Risks related to Notes denominated in Renminbi 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity 
of Renminbi Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service 
Renminbi Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes denominated in Renminbi (“Renminbi Notes”) under the Programme. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, 
its growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. 
There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement agreements will 
not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi 
outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Issuer’s 
Renminbi Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service 
Renminbi Notes, there is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory 
terms, if at all. As a result, there is a risk that the ability of the Issuer to service the payments of interest 
and principal or other amounts due under its Renminbi Notes in Renminbi is reduced. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks and the Issuer may delay 
making payments of interest and principal, or make such payments in another currency in 
certain circumstances 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and is 
affected by changes in the PRC, by international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors.  
Although the Issuer’s primary obligation is to make all payments of interest and principal or other 
amounts with respect to the Renminbi Notes in Renminbi, in certain circumstances, and if so specified, the 
terms of the Notes allow the Issuer to delay any such payment and/or make payment in another specified 
currency, all as provided for in more detail in the Notes (see Condition 10(i)). As a result, there is a risk 
that the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace, 
which could reduce liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of such Notes. In 
addition, there may be tax consequences for investors as a result of any foreign currency gains resulting 
from any investment in Renminbi Notes. 
Section B: Additional Risk Factors Relating to a Particular Issue of PR Notes or Exempt Notes 
Investors may receive a lesser amount on Automatic Early Redemption than they would have 
been paid on the scheduled maturity date 
The Issuer may issue Notes with an automatic early redemption feature. If applicable, all the Notes 
will redeem early on a specified Automatic Early Redemption Date prior to the scheduled maturity date 
following the occurrence of a specified trigger event. Upon early redemption, the Issuer will pay an amount 
per Note equal to a specified percentage of the Calculation Amount, together with the Interest Amount (if 
any) accrued to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date. Investors may receive a greater 
amount but bear the risk that they may receive a lesser amount, to that which would have been paid on 
the scheduled maturity date in the event that the Notes are redeemed early. 
Reset of the Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes may adversely affect their yield 
The Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Reset Notes (where such Notes are Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
or Dated Subordinated Notes). The relevant Final Terms will specify an initial interest period, together with 
the Rate of Interest that applies to such period (the “Initial Interest Rate”), and a reset interest rate 
applicable to one or more subsequent Reset Periods, in respect of which interest is calculated by reference

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
54 
to a mid-swap rate or to a reference bond rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin (the “Reset Rate”). 
The basis of interest will be reset to the Reset Rate in accordance with Condition 5(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of each of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Dated Subordinated Notes and on the 
date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
When the basis of interest changes to the Reset Rate, such Reset Rate may be less favourable 
than the Initial Interest Rate and/or the Rate of Interest that applies immediately prior to the relevant Reset 
Date. Therefore, any such reset of the Rate of Interest may adversely affect the yield of such Notes and 
their market value. 
The Issuer’s ability to vary the rate of interest of Variable Rate Notes may affect their market 
value 
The Issuer may issue Variable Rate Notes (where such Notes are not Non-Exempt PR Notes, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes or Dated Subordinated Notes). The rate of interest of such Notes may be varied 
during the term of the Notes. The relevant Final Terms will specify an initial interest period, together with 
the Rate of Interest that applies to such period (the “initial rate”), and one or more variable interest periods, 
together with the corresponding rate(s) of interest (each, a “varied rate”). 
The Issuer’s ability to vary the rate of interest will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to vary the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer varies from a fixed rate to a floating rate, CMS linked rate, range accrual 
rate or inverse floating rate, the rate of interest on the Variable Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
the then prevailing rates of interest on comparable Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Range Accrual 
Notes or, as the case may be, Inverse Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate, CMS linked rate, range accrual rate or, as the case may be, inverse floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate, CMS linked 
rate, range accrual rate or inverse floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the prevailing 
rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer varies the rate of interest to a zero-coupon basis, investors will cease to receive any 
interest for the relevant period and may not receive a premium on redemption, whether or not the Notes 
were issued at a discount. If the Notes were redeemed early during a Zero Coupon Interest Rate period, 
the amount received on such early redemption may be calculated in a different manner than if the Notes 
were redeemed early during another type of interest period, and investors could receive a smaller return 
on their investments than they would have during another type of interest period. 
Investors may lose all of their investment in Partly Paid Notes if subsequent instalments are 
not made 
The Issuer may issue Notes (as Exempt Notes) where the issue price is payable in more than one 
instalment. If an investor fails to pay any subsequent instalment, there is a risk that an investor could lose 
all of its investment in the Notes. 
Variable Rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar 
related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. In addition, Variable Rate Notes may include an option for the Issuer to change the rate of 
interest at its own discretion and without the prior consent of the Noteholders, and Noteholders could 
receive less interest than they would have, had they invested in a different type of Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
55 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile which may adversely affect the market value of 
such Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inverse Floating Rate Notes. Such Notes have an interest rate equal to a 
fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more 
volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference 
rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes but may also reflect an 
increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Investors in Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates 
The Issue Price of Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms may be more than the market value 
of such Notes (where such Notes are not Non-Exempt PR Notes) as at the Issue Date, and more than the 
price, if any, at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the Notes in the secondary market. 
In particular, where permitted by applicable law, the Issue Price in respect of any Notes may take into 
account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue and sale of such Notes and amounts 
relating to the hedging of the Issuer’s obligations under such Notes, and secondary market prices are likely 
to exclude such amounts. In addition, pricing models of market participants may differ or produce a different 
result. 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium (such as a Zero Coupon 
Note) from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
3. Risks related to the Market 
Section A: Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors 
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend 
and/or vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In 
addition, the Agency Agreement, the Australian Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended 
by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders or any other 
person, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective 
provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may mutually deem 
necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the interests of the holders. Any such 
modifications to the Conditions may be contrary to the interests of one or more Noteholders and as a result, 
the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder.  
The Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers to write down debt) so there 
is a risk that a Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the exercise of such 
powers by the relevant authority 
The application of the Intervention Act may affect the ownership rights of holders of the Notes. For 
example, it is possible that the Intervention Act could be used in such a way as to result in debt instruments 
of the Issuer, such as the Notes, absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the rights of Noteholders at the 
point of non-viability (see also the risk factor “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
56 
being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly 
higher cost of funding” above). The taking of any such action or any perceived increased likelihood that 
such action will be taken may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
As further described in the risk factor entitled “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the 
Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and 
possibly higher cost of funding”, pursuant to BRRD or the SRM or other resolution or recovery rules 
(including the EC Capital Proposals) which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer which could be 
used in such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses, the Notes could become subject to a 
determination by DNB or another relevant authority (each a “Relevant Authority”) that: (a) all or part of 
the principal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written 
off to absorb losses (e.g. by application of the bail-in tool) either in the course of any resolution of the Issuer 
or (in respect of the Dated Subordinated Notes) prior thereto, at the point of non-viability, subject to write-
up by the Relevant Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); or (b) all or part of the 
principal amount of the Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted 
into claims which may give rights to Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”), 
all as prescribed by the resolution framework applicable to the Issuer. Any such determination shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of any amount so 
written off or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation and Noteholders 
may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the Relevant 
Authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise. Subject to certain exceptions, as soon as any of these proposed 
proceedings have been initiated by the Relevant Authority, as applicable, the relevant counterparties of 
such bank would not be entitled to invoke events of default or set off their claims against the bank for this 
purpose. 
Subject to any write-up by the Relevant Authority, any written-down amount as a result of Statutory 
Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any claims for any 
principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has been subject to write-down. Holders of Notes 
which have been converted into Common Equity Tier 1 Capital instruments on the other hand, will have a 
claim against the Issuer in accordance with the terms of such instruments. 
Any determination that all or part of the principal amount of the Notes will be subject to Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside the Issuer’s control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Notes which 
are subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation is not necessarily expected to follow trading 
behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication that Notes may become subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation could have an adverse effect on the market price or credit 
rating of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may lose all of 
its investment in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, if those 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation measures were to be taken. 
Within the context of the resolution tools, holders of debt securities of a bank (including the 
Noteholders) subject to resolution could be affected by, inter alia, issuer substitution (where permitted by 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes) or replacement, transfer of debt, expropriation, modification 
of terms and/or suspension or termination of listings. As a result of a resolution measure being taken, 
holders of Notes could lose ownership over the Notes or could become holders of the Notes of an empty 
entity or a bad bank or their holdings could be severely diluted. The taking of any such action or any 
perceived increased likelihood that such action will be taken may adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
57 
It is possible that, pursuant to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
measures, further new powers may be given to the Relevant Authority which could be used in such a way 
as to result in the Notes absorbing losses. 
Potential investors should also refer to the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position and results of operations”, “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the 
Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and 
possibly higher cost of funding” and “Changes of law after the date of this Base Prospectus may adversely 
affect the interests of Noteholders”. 
Changes of law after the date of this Base Prospectus may adversely affect the interests of 
Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch, European, 
English or any other applicable laws, regulations or administrative practices (including, but not limited to, 
any such laws, regulations or practices relating to the tax treatment of the Notes) after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, (i) the introduction of legal preference 
in insolvency to other categories of deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD and potentially 
negatively impacting the relative ranking of Senior Preferred Notes, following the European Commission's 
consultation paper on the review of the crisis management and deposit insurance framework or (ii) the 
introduction of a variety of statutory resolution and loss-absorption tools which may affect the rights of 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, including the Notes. Such tools may include the ability to write 
off or convert sums otherwise payable on such securities at a time when the Issuer is no longer considered 
viable by its regulator or upon the occurrence of another trigger (see the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty 
in raising minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial position and results of operations” and “Resolution regimes may lead to 
fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower 
credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding” above for further details). 
United States federal income tax characterisation 
As discussed above under “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results of 
operations”, “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to investors for 
recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of funding”, “The 
Notes may be subject to resolution powers (including powers to write down debt) so there is a risk that a 
Noteholder may lose some or all of its investment upon the exercise of such powers by the relevant 
authority” and “Changes of law after the date of this Base Prospectus may adversely affect the interests of 
Noteholders”, in certain circumstances, the amounts payable under the Notes could be reduced or 
converted into equity or other instruments of ownership of Rabobank by the applicable regulator. The U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of the Notes is unclear as a result of such potential reduction or conversion. 
If required to do so for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to take the position that the 
Notes should be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, it is possible that the 
Notes could be treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and no ruling from the IRS has 
been sought and no opinion of counsel has been rendered regarding this issue. There can be no 
assurances that this characterisation will be respected by the IRS, and if the IRS were to successfully 
challenge the characterisation of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax 
consequences to holders could be materially and adversely different than those described below under 
“Taxation—United States”, including the possible application of the passive foreign investment company 
(“PFIC”) rules. If the Notes were to be treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, U.S. Holders (as defined in “Taxation – United States”) of such Notes generally would be

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
58 
required (i) to pay a special U.S. addition to tax on certain distributions and gains on sale, (ii) to pay tax on 
any gain from the sale of such Notes at ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates in addition to 
paying the special addition to tax on this gain and (iii) to comply with special reporting requirements. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisers regarding the characterisation 
of the Notes as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any possible alternative characterisations, 
including the possible characterisation of the Notes as equity of Rabobank and the application of the PFIC 
rules to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
No obligation to pay additional amounts if Dutch interest withholding tax applies to payments 
made by the Issuer in respect of such Notes 
The Netherlands introduced a withholding tax on interest payments which entered into effect as of 
1 January 2021. This interest withholding tax applies to interest payments directly or indirectly made by a 
Dutch entity, like the Issuer to affiliated entities (i) in low-tax jurisdictions designated as such by the Dutch 
Ministry of Finance (generally, a jurisdiction (a) with a corporation tax on business profits with a general 
statutory rate of less than 9 per cent., or (b) a jurisdiction included in the EU list of non-cooperative 
jurisdictions), or (ii) in certain abusive situations. Generally, an entity is considered to be affiliated (gelieerd) 
to another entity for these purposes if such entity, either individually or jointly if the entity is part of a 
collaborating group (samenwerkende groep), has a decisive influence on the other entity’s decisions, in 
such a way that it, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, is able to determine the activities of 
such other entity. An entity, or the collaborating group of which it forms part, that holds more than 50 per 
cent. of the voting rights in the Issuer, or in which the Issuer holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights, is in any event considered to be affiliated. An entity is also considered to be affiliated if a third party 
holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights both in such entity and the Issuer.  
This interest withholding tax applies to payments made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and 
the Issuer will make the required withholding of such taxes for the account of the relevant Noteholders 
without being obliged to pay any additional amounts to the relevant Noteholders in respect of the interest 
withholding tax. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to whether this 
interest withholding tax could be relevant to them.  
Conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, can be Coöperatieve Rabobank 
U.A. in its capacity as a Dealer) as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the 
Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information 
barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from 
time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders and 
thereby create a conflict of interest as between its role as a Dealer and as a Calculation Agent. Where 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (in its capacity as Dealer) is appointed as a Calculation Agent, the 
aforementioned conflict may arise as between its role as an Issuer, a Dealer and a Calculation Agent.  
Section B: Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or 
at all or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
59 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme may or may not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market. In cases where Notes are not listed, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain, and the 
liquidity and market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
If additional Notes are subsequently issued, the supply of such Notes in the market will increase 
and may cause the price at which the relevant Notes trade in the secondary market to decline significantly. 
If any investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an 
investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. The exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. Moreover, an appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes. If the Notes are denominated in a currency other than the currency 
of the country in which the Noteholder is resident, the Noteholder is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in 
the exchange rate between the two aforementioned currencies. The Noteholder may also be exposed to 
a foreign exchange risk if the reference obligation is denominated, or based on prices, in a currency other 
than the currency in which the relevant Note is denominated. Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable 
exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal at all.

--- Page 60 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
60 
PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA  
Non-Exempt PR Notes may, subject as provided below, be offered in a Relevant State in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish 
a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus as a “Public Offer”.  
Non-Exempt PR Notes may only be issued where such Notes are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
Notes (and where such Notes are permitted to be issued in accordance with the terms set out in “Form of 
Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes”). This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits 
offers that are not made within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation in Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands (together, the 
“Public Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Non-Exempt PR 
Notes in a Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s 
consent – see “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” below. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorise any Public Offer of Non-Exempt PR Notes to be made in 
one or more Relevant States other than in a Public Offer Jurisdiction, it will prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus specifying such Relevant State(s) and any additional information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation in respect thereof. Such supplement will also set out provisions relating to the 
Issuer’s consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with any such Public Offer. 
Public Offers may be made by the Authorised Offerors in each of the Public Offer Jurisdictions to any 
person during the Offer Period. In other EEA countries and in all jurisdictions (including the Public Offer 
Jurisdictions) outside of the Offer Period, offers will only be made pursuant to an exemption under the 
Prospectus Regulation. All offers of the Notes will be made in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations.  
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for either the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Public 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Notes in a Public Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), 
where that offer is made during the Offer Period (as defined below).  
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer 
by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer 
is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Public Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the 
Investor should take legal advice.

--- Page 61 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
61 
Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (iv) below) offers to grant its consent, to the 
use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with any 
Public Offer of a Tranche of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant Final Terms 
during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
Specific consent 
(i) 
the Dealer or Managers specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose 
name is published on the website of the Issuer (www.rabobank.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
General consent 
(iv) 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and (b) accepts such 
offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed with the relevant information) (the “Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the “Final Terms”) published by Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. [[Australia]/[New Zealand] Branch] (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in 
connection with the offer of the Notes in [Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg and the 
Netherlands] during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified 
in the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under 
MiFID II to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer 
accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given 
to such terms in the Base Prospectus.”  
The “Authorised Offeror Terms”, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using the Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(I) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) 
from time to time including, without limitation, Rules relating to both the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Non-Exempt PR Notes by any 
person and disclosure to any potential Investor, and will immediately inform the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or 
suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to 
remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(II) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Plan of Distribution” in this Base Prospectus 
which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(III) 
comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II 
product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-Exempt

--- Page 62 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
62 
PR Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully 
and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(V) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-Exempt PR Notes under the 
Rules; 
(VI) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know 
your client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance 
with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior 
to initial investment in any Non-Exempt PR Notes by the Investor), and will not permit 
any application for Non-Exempt PR Notes in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application moneys; 
(VII) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
“know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(VIII) not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule 
or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any 
filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(IX) 
immediately give notice to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this sub-
paragraph, and takes all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules and this sub-paragraph in all respects; 
(X) 
not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as may be 
amended or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation 
in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(XI) 
ensure that no holder of Non-Exempt PR Notes or potential Investor in Non-Exempt 
PR Notes shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and, to the extent that any 
client obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such obligations 
so arising; 
(XII) 
cooperate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing such information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to 
paragraph ((VII)) above) upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
as is available to such financial intermediary or which is within its power and control 
from time to time, together with such further assistance as is reasonably requested by 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer: 
(A) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the AFM and/or any relevant 
regulator of competent jurisdiction in relation to the Non-Exempt PR Notes, the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(B) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised 
Offeror, including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published

--- Page 63 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
63 
by the AFM and/or any relevant regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to 
time; and/or 
(C) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to 
time in relation to the Non-Exempt PR Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory 
requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time 
frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(XIII) during the period of the initial offering of the Non-Exempt PR Notes: (A) only sell the 
Non-Exempt PR Notes at the Issue Price specified in the relevant Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (B) only sell the Non-Exempt PR Notes 
for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; (C) not appoint 
any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer and the Issuer); 
(D) not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in 
relation to the offering or sale of the Non-Exempt PR Notes (unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Dealer); and (E) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be 
reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; 
(XIV) either (A) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-
Exempt PR Notes, or (B) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) 
makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients 
and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case, prior to making any order 
for the Non-Exempt PR Notes on their behalf, and, in each case, maintain the same 
on its files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(XV) comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to 
consent” below and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(XVI) make available to each potential Investor in the Non-Exempt PR Notes the Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the relevant Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, 
and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent 
with this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) and 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
(XVII) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer 
for the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public 
Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and 
complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer nor the relevant 
Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without 
the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or, respectively, the relevant Dealer or any other 
name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any 
material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to describe 
the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Non-Exempt PR Notes on the basis set out in this 
Base Prospectus;

--- Page 64 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
64 
(b) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each case, 
on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates 
and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, 
actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised 
thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or 
defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising out 
of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, 
representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without 
limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial 
intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such 
financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any 
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer; and 
(c) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(I) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
“Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands; 
(II) 
subject to (III) below, the competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a 
“Dispute”) and the Issuer and the financial intermediary submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of such courts; 
(III) 
for the purposes of (c)(II) and (IV), the financial intermediary waives any objection to 
the competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
(IV) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (A) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(B) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) above are together referred to herein 
as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (iv) above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with a Public Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer 
Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent to use this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (iv) above if Part B of the relevant 
Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-Exempt PR Notes;

--- Page 65 ---
Public Offers of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the European Economic Area  
 
65 
(ii) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Non-Exempt PR Notes in one or more of Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg and the 
Netherlands, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES 
IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER WILL DO SO, 
AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND 
SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-EXEMPT PR 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS 
WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE RELEVANT 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH 
INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH 
INFORMATION. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR 
IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-Exempt PR Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the 
Issue Price specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with the relevant Dealer at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other 
things, on the interest rate applicable to the Non-Exempt PR Notes and prevailing market conditions at 
that time. The offer price of such Non-Exempt PR Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may 
be agreed between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Non-Exempt PR Notes 
to such Investor. The Issuer will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised 
Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which 
such Authorised Offeror is offering the Non-Exempt PR Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 66 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
66 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms and the following 
documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and that have been approved by the AFM or filed with it and shall be incorporated in, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the articles of association of Rabobank (https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/statuten-
rabobank-eng.pdf);  
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Rabobank Global Medium-Term Note programmes for which 
the 
respective 
Offering 
Circulars 
are 
dated 
6 May 2010 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/GMTN%20Offering%20Circular%202010.pdf) 
and 
for 
which 
the 
respective 
Base 
Prospectuses 
are 
dated 
6 
May 
2011 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/rabobank-gmtn-2011-base-prospectus-final.pdf), 
9 May 2012 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/Base%20Prospectus%20Rabobank%20GMTN%20
Programme%202012%20-%20final.pdf) 
, 
8 
May 
2013 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/Final_Base%20Prospectus_GMTN_8-5-2013.pdf), 7 
May 
2014 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/rabobank-gmtn-2014-base-
prospectus.pdf), 7 May 2015 (https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/final-gmtn-2015-base-
prospectus.pdf), 
10 
May 
2016 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/A31874900%20v0.0%20Rabobank%202016_Base
%20Prospectus_FINAL.PDF), 
10 
May 
2017 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/rabobank-2017-base-prospectus-final.pdf), 11 May 
2018 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/20180511-rabobank-2018-gmtn-base-
prospectus.pdf), 13 May 2019 (https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/20190513-gmtn-base-
prospectus.pdf) and 26 May 2020 (https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/rabobank-2020-
base-prospectus.pdf); and 
(iii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 
December  2018, as set out on pages 119 to 214 in relation to the consolidated financial 
statements and the auditors' report thereon on pages 241 to 257 of the Rabobank Annual 
Report 2018 (https://www.rabobank.com/nl/images/annual-report-2018.pdf), the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
as set out on pages 101 to 200 in relation to the consolidated financial statements and the 
auditors' report thereon on pages 223 to 237 of the Rabobank Annual Report 2019 
(https://www.rabobank.com/nl/images/annual-report-2019.pdf) and the audited consolidated 
financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, as set out 
on pages 107 to 210 in relation to the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' 
report thereon on pages 234 to 254 of the Rabobank Annual Report 2020 
(https://www.rabobank.com/en/images/annual-report-2020.pdf), 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents incorporated 
by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose 
of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently 
incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement.  
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statements on the Issuer's competitive position included in a document which is

--- Page 67 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
67 
incorporated by reference herein and where no external source is identified are based on the Issuer's 
internal assessment of generally available information. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus is 
delivered, a copy of the documents incorporated herein by reference unless such documents have been 
modified or superseded as specified above, in which case the modified or superseding version of such 
document will be provided. Such documents may be obtained (a) from the Issuer at its registered office 
set out at the end of this Base Prospectus, (b) by telephoning the Issuer on +31 (0)30 2160000 or (c) from 
the Issuer’s website at www.rabobank.com/en/investors/funding/funding-programmes/index.html. The 
information on the Issuer’s website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the competent authority. In addition, such documents will be available, without charge, 
from the principal office of Rabobank (as Euronext Amsterdam Listing Agent) in the Netherlands for Notes 
listed on Euronext Amsterdam and from the principal office of the Arranger in England and of the Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg. 
Except as set forth above and as otherwise specified herein, the contents of websites referenced in 
this Base Prospectus do not form any part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 68 ---
Supplementary Prospectus 
 
68 
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting an assessment by investors of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to 
the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such 
supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. Such supplement will be published on the 
Issuer’s website at www.rabobank.com/en/investors/funding/funding-programmes/index.html.  
From time to time, the credit rating agencies may revise their ratings of the Issuer or the Issuer’s 
securities or the outlooks on these ratings. Unless required by applicable law, the Issuer may not prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent offer of the Notes in the event that one or more of these credit rating agencies revise their 
rating or their outlook on the ratings of the Issuer or the Issuer’s securities.

--- Page 69 ---
Important Information 
 
69 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Base Prospectus 
 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and has 
been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation (in relation to PR 
Notes only). The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
Responsibility statement 
Rabobank (the “Responsible Person”) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Responsible Person, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Responsible Person is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
Available information under Rule 144A 
Rabobank has agreed that, for so long as any Notes issued by it are “restricted securities” within 
the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, it will, during any period in which it is neither 
subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such restricted securities or to any prospective 
purchaser of such restricted securities designated by such holder or beneficial owner upon the request of 
such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the information required to be provided by Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. Rabobank is not, nor does it intend to become, a reporting company 
under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Any such request for information should be directed 
to Rabobank at its office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
Enforceability of Judgements 
Rabobank is a bank organised under the laws of the Netherlands. All or a substantial portion of the 
assets of Rabobank and a majority of its directors and executive officers are located outside the United 
States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States 
upon such persons or to enforce against any of them or Rabobank judgements obtained in United States 
courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United 
States or any State or territory within the United States. 
Presentation of financial information 
The audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2018, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU pursuant 
to EU Regulation No 1606/2002 (IFRS) and comply with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The 
corresponding summary figures have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 70 ---
Important Information 
 
70 
Change in accounting policies and presentation 
As a result of changes in accounting policies and presentation, certain figures for Rabobank Group 
for the year ended 31 December 2019 in this Base Prospectus have been restated. See Rabobank Group 
audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020, under note 2.1 “Basis 
of Preparation” for further information. 
Key performance indicators and non-IFRS measures 
This Base Prospectus presents certain financial measures that are not measures defined under 
IFRS, including operating results. These non-IFRS financial measures are not measures of financial 
performance under IFRS and should not be considered as a replacement for any IFRS financial measure. 
In addition, such measures, as defined by Rabobank Group, may not be comparable to other similarly titled 
measures used by other companies, because the above-mentioned non-IFRS financial measures are not 
defined under IFRS, other companies may calculate them in a different manner than Rabobank Group 
which limits their usefulness as comparative measures. Rabobank Group believes that these non-IFRS 
measures are important to understand Rabobank Group’s performance and capital position. 
This Base Prospectus also presents certain financial measures that are not measures defined under 
EU IFRS, including regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and underlying results. As of 2014, capital 
metrics and risk exposures are reported under the Basel III framework. 
Rounding and negative amounts  
Certain figures contained in this Base Prospectus, including financial information, have been 
rounded. Accordingly, in certain instances the sum of the numbers in the text or a column or a row in tables 
contained in this Base Prospectus may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. 
In tables, negative amounts are shown between brackets. Otherwise, negative amounts are shown 
by “-” or “negative” or “minus” before the amount. 
Forward-looking statements 
This Base Prospectus includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of section 27A of 
the Securities Act and section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical 
facts included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer’s financial 
position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations (including 
development plans and objectives relating to the Issuer’s products), are forward-looking statements. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer or industry results to be 
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer’s present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will 
operate in the future. 
Important factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, changes or downturns in 
the Dutch economy or the economies in other countries in which the Issuer conducts business, the impact 
of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates and the impact of future regulatory 
requirements. Additional factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially include, but are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Other than as 
required by law or the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, the Issuer expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

--- Page 71 ---
Important Information 
 
71 
Special considerations 
Index Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index Sponsor 
and the Index Sponsor makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the figure at which the Index stands at any 
particular time on any particular day or otherwise. Each Index is calculated by a third party independent 
from the Issuer and, therefore, the Issuer will not accept any liability for any act or failure to act by the 
relevant Index Sponsor in connection with, among other things, the calculation, adjustment, maintenance 
or cancellation of the Index. 
Equity Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the issuer of the 
Underlying Securities and the issuer of the Underlying Securities makes no warranty or representation 
whatsoever, express or implied, as to the future performance of the Underlying Securities. 
With respect to FX Linked Notes, the Issuer makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, 
express or implied, as to the future performance of the relevant currency rate(s) or the value or level derived 
from a formula or index relating to one or more currency rate(s) or a combination thereof. 
The Issuer, including its branches and any group company, is acting solely in the capacity of an 
arm’s length contractual counterparty and not as a purchaser’s financial adviser or fiduciary in any 
transaction unless the Issuer has agreed to do so in writing. 
A prospective purchaser may not rely on the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above and none of the Issuer nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the 
Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
Governmental policy and regulation 
The Group is subject to extensive laws, regulations, corporate governance practices and disclosure 
requirements, administrative actions and policies in each jurisdiction in which it operates. Rabobank 
expects government and regulatory intervention in the financial services industry to remain high for the 
foreseeable future. 
The Group’s businesses and earnings can be affected by the fiscal or other policies and other 
actions of various governmental and regulatory authorities in the Netherlands, the European Union (“EU”), 
the United States and elsewhere. These policies and regulation (including any failure to comply with new 
rules and regulations) could have a significant impact on the Group’s legal structure, the manner in which 
the Group conducts its business, its reputation and the value of its assets.  
Regulatory compliance risk arises from a failure or inability to comply fully with the laws, regulations 
or codes applicable specifically to the financial services industry. Non-compliance could lead to fines, 
public reprimands, damage to reputation, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, 
withdrawal of authorisations to operate.

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
72 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
The following, other than the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined herein) only, amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Preferred Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Series. The final terms for this Senior Preferred Note are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to 
or endorsed on this Senior Preferred Note (or on the Certificate relating to this Senior Preferred Note in 
the case of a Registered Note) which supplements these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and, in 
the case of an Exempt Note, may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
this Senior Preferred Note. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the 
Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented at the date 
of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) dated 12 May 2021, between 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or the “Issuer”), acting through its head office or through 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch (“Rabobank Australia Branch”) or through Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch (“Rabobank New Zealand Branch”), Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Covenant (as amended 
or supplemented at the Issue Date, the “Covenant”) dated 12 May 2021 executed by the Issuer and the 
fiscal agent in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the exchange agent, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, 
respectively, as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression 
shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Exchange Agent”, the “Transfer Agents” and the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”, and “Agent” shall mean any one of them. With respect to any Series of SIS Notes 
(as defined herein), the Issuer will appoint an issuing and principal paying agent and one or more paying 
agents having specified offices in Switzerland with respect to each Series (the “Issuing and Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent” and the “Swiss Paying Agent(s)”, respectively) pursuant to a supplemental agency 
agreement. In connection therewith, references in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed 
to be references to the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the 
holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
“Receipts”) relating to Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments (the 
“Receiptholders”) are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable 
to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Covenant are available upon reasonable request during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, first Interest Payment Dates, nominal 
amounts and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
73 
1 
Definitions 
(a) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant 
Condition in which such terms are used. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person (for such purposes, “control” of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person), and “controlled by” or 
“controls” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Amortisation Yield” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(i)(B). 
“Amortised Face Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(i)(B). 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index, the Averaging Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
8(c)(ii); 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Security, the Averaging Date shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 8(c)(ii); or 
(iii) 
in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or otherwise determined as provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business 
Day Convention. 
“Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Centre(s)” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the financial centres specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
any of (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or 
Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than any financial centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Business Day or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of payments 
in Renminbi in Hong Kong; or

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
74 
(ii) 
in respect of Range Accrual Notes only, either (i) above or such other meaning specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Agent” means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch or, if different, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Certificates” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means, in respect of a clearing system, any day on which such 
clearing system is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) 
open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“CMS Linked Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 7(e). 
“CMS Linked Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 7(e). 
“CMS Rate” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Condition, the relevant Reference 
Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Control” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c)(v). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )] + [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
75 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case, D1 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 
30; and

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
76 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year. 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Documents” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c)(i)(A). 
“Equity Linked Interest Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to an Underlying Security and/or Underlying Securities and/or a 
formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Equity Linked Note” means an Equity Linked Interest Note or an Equity Linked Redemption Note. 
“Equity Linked Redemption Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of 
principal payable is calculated by reference to an Underlying Security and/or Underlying Securities 
and/or a formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 13. 
“Exchangeable Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Exempt Notes” means Money Market Instruments and unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted 
to trading on any regulated market in the European Economic Area, where such Notes are, in 
addition, issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) or otherwise fall within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
77 
“Exercise Notice” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(e). 
“Federal Reserve” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(a). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(b)(iii). 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“FX Linked Interest Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to a foreign exchange rate and/or a basket of foreign exchange 
rates and/or a formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Linked Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(i). 
“FX Linked Note” means an FX Linked Interest Note or an FX Linked Redemption Note. 
“FX Linked Redemption Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of principal 
payable is calculated by reference to a foreign exchange rate and/or a basket of foreign exchange 
rates and/or a formula as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Rate” has the meaning specified in Condition 9. 
“Holder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Index Linked Interest Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of interest 
payable is calculated by reference to an Index and/or Indices and/or a formula as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Index Linked Note” means an Index Linked Interest Note and/or an Index Linked Redemption 
Note. 
“Index Linked Redemption Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount in respect of 
principal payable is calculated by reference to an Index and/or Indices and/or a formula as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Initial Interest Period” means, in respect of a Variable Rate Note: 
(i) 
where “Variation Notice” is specified to be not applicable or where the Issuer has elected to 
notify Noteholders of a variation in the Rate of Interest in accordance with Condition 5(f)(i), 
the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to and excluding the first 
Variation Date; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, the period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to and excluding 
the succeeding Variation Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
78 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means, in respect of a Variable Rate Note, that the Rate of Interest for the 
Initial Interest Period which shall be calculated in accordance with Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate, Inverse Floating Interest Rate, Range Accrual Interest Rate or CMS Linked Interest 
Rate specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“interest” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part, 
provided that if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, the Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 
being rounded upwards); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, other than where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling, euro nor Renminbi, (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling two Business Days in Hong Kong prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH 
HIBOR). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date on which interest for the relevant period falls due, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Inverse Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is 
calculated by reference to Condition 5(c).

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
79 
“Inverse Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(c). 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of Notes unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
“Issue Price” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Max” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets and each 
separated by a semi-colon, the greater of such amounts and/or calculations. 
“Min” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets and each 
separated by a semi-colon, the lower of such amounts and/or calculations. 
“Money Market Instruments” means money market instruments (as defined in Article 2(1) of 
Directive 2009/65/EC) having a maturity of less than 12 months. 
“Note” means a Bearer Note, an Exchangeable Bearer Note or a Registered Note, as applicable; 
“Noteholder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Principal” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Range Accrual Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest is calculated by 
reference to Condition 5(d). 
“Range Accrual Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(d). 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Record Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 10(b)(ii). 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN and 
GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, the principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case 
of a determination of STIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in the Stockholm 
inter-bank market, in the case of determination of CNH HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of 
four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong inter-bank market, in the case of JPY-ISDA-
Swap Rate, the principal Tokyo office of four major banks in the Tokyo inter-bank market, in the 
case of USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, the principal New York City office of four major banks in the New 
York City inter-bank market, in the case of a Reference Rate other than LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, 
GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, STIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, JPY-ISDA-
Swap Rate or USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, the principal office of four major banks in such inter-bank 
market as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case, selected by the Calculation 
Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index Rate, STIBOR,

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
80 
CNH HIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate or USD-ISDA-Swap Rate 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Registered Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Relevant Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or such successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a service which may be used for the 
purposes of displaying an interest rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service” means the money rates monitor of the Reuters service. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
by reference to Conditions 5(b)(iii)(B), 5(b)(iii)(C), 5(b)(iii)(D), 5(b)(iii)(E), 5(b)(iii)(F) and 5(b)(iii)(G). 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms linked to or referencing the Secured Overnight Funding Rate. 
“SIS Notes” means any Series of Notes which is denominated in Swiss francs and is deposited with 
SIX SIS AG (or such other depository as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” means a date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a date on which interest for the relevant period falls due. 
“Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any present or future claims in respect of 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in a bankruptcy of the Issuer, have a lower ranking 
within the meaning of article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other 
provision or act implementing Directive 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2017 in the Netherlands) than the claims in respect of all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
“Substituted Debtor” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 14(c)(i). 
“TARGET” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which TARGET is open for business. 
“unit” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(p)(v). 
“Variable Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(f). 
“Variation Date” means each date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Varied Interest Period” means each period from and including a Variation Date to but excluding 
the succeeding Variation Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
81 
“Varied Rate of Interest” means, in respect of a Variable Rate Note, that the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Varied Interest Period which shall be calculated in accordance with Fixed Interest Rate, 
Floating Interest Rate, Inverse Floating Interest Rate, Range Accrual Interest Rate, Zero Coupon 
Interest Rate or CMS Linked Interest Rate specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of principal payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 6(b) 
“Zero Coupon Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 
5(j). 
(b) 
References to capitalised terms not defined in Condition 1(a) above are to those terms as defined 
in the first paragraph of the preamble to these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”), in each case, in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified 
Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, an Inverse Floating Rate Note, a 
Variable Rate Note, a CMS Linked Note, a Range Accrual Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Note, an Equity Linked Note, 
an FX Linked Note, an Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Note, a Partly Paid Note, a combination of any 
of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis 
shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case, references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Instalment Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided 
in Condition 3(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same 
holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by 
delivery and title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”), unless applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional formalities for transfer of 
title. Insofar as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. Except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
82 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating 
to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), and “Holder” (in 
relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be). 
3 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 3(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, 
however, that, where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record 
Date for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for 
Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent), duly completed and executed, 
together with any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Insofar 
as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or partial redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholder’s option, or a partial redemption of Registered 
Notes, in respect of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued 
in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be 
issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the 
case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a 
new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(a), 3(b) or 3(c) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall 
be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
83 
delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid 
and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 3(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or 
the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be 
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption 
by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), or (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for 
one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered 
not later than the relevant Record Date. 
4 
Status of Notes 
The Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and such Notes or, as the case may be, Receipts and Coupons of that 
Issuer shall, at all times, rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves (save for certain 
mandatory exceptions provided by law). The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the 
Receipts and Coupons relating to them shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
law, at all times, rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, other than, in a bankruptcy (Faillissement), those unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy 
Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands).  
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
84 
Period may be greater or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(q). 
Except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Broken Amount. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual 
Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Variable Rate Notes, Index Linked Interest Notes, Equity 
Linked Interest Notes and FX Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note, Inverse Floating Rate Note, Variable Rate 
Note, Range Accrual Note, CMS Linked Note, Index Linked Interest Note, Equity Linked 
Interest Note and FX Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(q). 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and for the purposes of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes, “Interest 
Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest Period may be greater 
or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate 
Determination or any other method of determination which may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
85 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus a Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Index Rate 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, 
“Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SOFR”, “Weighted Average 
SOFR” or “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(t) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case of USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN and GBP-
ISDA-Swap Rate, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of EURIBOR, EONIA 
or EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the case 
of STIBOR, 11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time) or if, at or around that time it is notified 
that the fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. (Hong Kong time), then as of 2.30 
p.m. in the case of CNH HIBOR, 3.00 p.m. (Tokyo time) in the case of JPY-
ISDA-Swap Rate or 11.00 a.m. (New York City time) in the case of USD-ISDA-
Swap Rate, on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent plus or minus a Margin (if any). If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(w) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (v)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (v)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below and in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B)(y), the Calculation Agent

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
86 
shall request, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or GBP-
ISDA-Swap Rate, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks, 
(ii) EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, the principal Euro-
zone office of each of the Reference Banks, (iii) STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, (iv) CNH HIBOR, the 
principal Hong Kong office of each of the Reference Banks, (v) JPY-ISDA-
Swap Rate, the principal Tokyo office of each of the Reference Banks, or (vi) 
USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, the principal New York City office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-
ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) CNH HIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (v) JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate, at 
approximately 3.00 p.m. (Tokyo time), or (vi) USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(x) 
If paragraph (w) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD 
LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time), (ii) EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) CNH HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong 
Kong time), (v) JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate, at approximately 3.00 p.m. (Tokyo time), 
or (vi) USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (New York City 
time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, 
LIBID, LIMEAN or GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, the London interbank market, (ii) 
EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, (iii) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, (iv) CNH HIBOR, 
the Hong Kong inter-bank market, (v) JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate, the Tokyo inter-
bank market, or (vi) USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, the New York City inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap 
Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
87 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) CNH HIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (v) JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate, at approximately 3.00 
p.m. (Tokyo time), or (vi) USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(New York City time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN or GBP-ISDA-Swap 
Rate, the London inter-bank market, (ii) EURIBOR, EONIA or EUR-ISDA-
EURIBOR-Swap Rate, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (iii) STIBOR, the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, (iv) CNH HIBOR, the Hong Kong inter-bank 
market, (v) JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate, the Tokyo inter-bank market, or (vi) USD-
ISDA-Swap Rate, the New York City inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph and provided that such failure is not 
due to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(t)), the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). If the Reference Rate 
cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the 
Reference Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 
5(t). 
(y) 
Alternative Reference Rates: If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being other 
than USD LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate, EURIBOR, EONIA, 
STIBOR, CNH HIBOR, EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap Rate, JPY-ISDA-Swap 
Rate or USD-ISDA-Swap Rate, the relevant Final Terms may specify that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined either: 
(1) 
in accordance with the foregoing procedures in paragraphs (v), (w) and (x) of 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(B), save that references to the relevant Reference Rate, the 
time at which such Reference Rate shall be observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page and the location of the Reference Banks shall be amended as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, in accordance with such other procedures as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(z) 
Alternative fallback provisions: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
fallback provisions set out in paragraph (A) or (B) below shall be applicable (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), or such other fallback provisions as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms shall apply, and in each case, the 
provisions of paragraphs (w) and (x) of Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) above shall not 
apply: 
(1) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (v)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (v)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, the

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
88 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Reference Rate for that date in 
its sole discretion, taking into consideration all available information that it in 
good faith deems appropriate; or 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (v)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (v)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, the 
Calculation Agent will request the principal office of five major banks who will 
provide quotations for such rate using such rate as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or selected by the Calculation Agent. If five quotations are 
provided, the rate will be calculated by eliminating the highest (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest) quotations and taking the arithmetic mean of the remaining 
quotations. If at least three, but fewer than five, quotations are provided, the 
rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations obtained. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided as requested, the rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(t), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
89 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) in relevant the 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five 
London Banking Days; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of 
each London Banking Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is specified, five 
London Banking Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the 
end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-
out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for such 
day; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
90 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
(x) 
If, subject to Condition 5(t), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the applicable SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads). 
(y) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(x), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in 
order to determine Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(t), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(z) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable).

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
91 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(m). 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
€STR 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(t), be Compounded Daily €STR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
92 
“p” means for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB 
(the “ECB's Website”) (in each case, on or before 11:00 a.m., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day); and 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day “i”. 
(w) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day 
for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the “ECB 
Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB's Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
93 
Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on 
such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
(x) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (through substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period);or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(m). 
(z) 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR;

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
94 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(u), be Compounded Daily 
SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
95 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in relevant the Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days); and 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero; 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
96 
Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in 
respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for 
such day.  
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context 
otherwise requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the 
following meanings: 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City; 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s website 
at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Event have not 
occurred under Condition 5(u), then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for the 
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s website; and 
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(u), be Weighted Average SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
97 
[
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(E);  
“n” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
i falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, 
the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of 
such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
(G) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Compounded Index 
Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(t) (in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate) or Condition 5(u) (in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate), be the compounded daily reference rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place (the “Compounded Index Rate”), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Compounded IndexEnd" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
98 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
"Compounded IndexStart" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards;  
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and five in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Funding Rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the FRBNY, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
In the case of the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(u), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SOFR 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
99 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SOFR Compounded Index” 
respectively. For such purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (iv) ‘360’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator.  
In the case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(t), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SONIA 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SONIA Compounded Index” 
respectively. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (iv) ‘365’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SONIA shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator and (v) the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(m). 
(H) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available the next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that 
if there is no such rate available for a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
100 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity. 
(I) 
Formulaic determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes may also be determined by 
application of one or more of the formulae specified in Condition 5(c)(i)(B) - (H) below, 
where the Gearing Factor (as defined therein) is a negative number. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
If “INV(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Margin - Inverse Rate 
(B) 
if “INV(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Margin – (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate); 
(C) 
if “INV(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Previous Coupon - (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate); 
(D) 
if “INV(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Previous Coupon - (Gearing Factor x (Inverse Rate + Margin)); 
(E) 
if “INV(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Previous Coupon + Margin – (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate); 
(F) 
if “INV(6)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Previous Coupon + Margin1; Margin2 – (Gearing Factor x 
Inverse Rate)]; 
(G) 
if “INV(7)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Previous Coupon + Margin1; Margin2 – (Gearing Factor x 
Inverse Rate)]; or 
(H) 
if “INV(8)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min{Previous Coupon + Margin1; Max[Previous Coupon + 
Margin2; Margin3 – (Gearing Factor x Inverse Rate)]}; 
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Inverse Rate” means the relevant Reference Rate or Floating Rate Option as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, which may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated 
by reference to the mathematical difference between, or sum of, two Reference Rates and/or 
Floating Rate Options, as the case may be;

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
101 
“Margin”, “Margin1” “Margin2” and “Margin3” have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the 
case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); and 
“Previous Coupon” means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period (if any), or such other Interest Period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In respect of the Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Commencement Date, the Previous Coupon shall have the meaning specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) shall apply 
as though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to Inverse Floating Rate Notes. 
(d) 
Rate of Interest on Range Accrual Notes 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
if “RAN(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x (n/N); 
(B) 
if “RAN(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(C) 
if “RAN(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(D) 
if “RAN(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Maximum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); or 
(E) 
if “RAN(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Minimum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); 
where: 
“Accrual Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS Rates and/or Floating 
Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Applicable Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, 
(y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as 
the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Business Day” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 1, or such other meaning as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
102 
“Fixing Day” means each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, or such other day 
or days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin”, “Minimum Rate of Interest1” and “Maximum Rate of Interest1” have the meaning 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
(x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or 
Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“N” means the total number of Fixing Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“n” means the number of Fixing Days where:  
(x) 
Range Accrual Condition1, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, is satisfied; or 
(y) 
Range Accrual Condition1 and Range Accrual Condition2, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, are satisfied; or 
(z) 
Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual Condition2 and Range Accrual Condition3, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, are satisfied, 
provided that: 
(1) 
for any Fixing Day which is not a Business Day and which falls during the relevant 
Interest Period, the Accrual Rate for such day will be deemed to be the Accrual Rate 
as at the immediately preceding Business Day; and 
(2) 
for each Fixing Day following the Rate Cut-off Date, the Accrual Rate will be deemed 
to be the Accrual Rate as at the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Range Accrual Condition1”, “Range Accrual Condition2” and “Range Accrual 
Condition3” means where: 
(1) 
(w) 
Reference Rate > Accrual Rate1; or 
(x) 
Reference Rate ≥ Accrual Rate1; 
and/or 
(y) 
Reference Rate < Accrual Rate2; or 
(z) 
Reference Rate ≤ Accrual Rate2; 
or 
(2) 
(w) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) > Accrual 
Rate1; or 
(x) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) ≥ Accrual 
Rate1; 
and/or 
(y) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) < Accrual 
Rate2; or

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
103 
(z) 
(Gearing Factor1 x Floating Rate1) – (Gearing Factor2 x Floating Rate2) ≤ Accrual 
Rate2, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate Cut-off Date” means the date that is five Fixing Days prior to the relevant Specified 
Interest Payment Date (or such other number of Fixing Days as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) shall apply 
as though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to Range Accrual Notes. 
(e) 
Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
(i) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by applying one or more of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
if “CMS(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate; 
(B) 
if “CMS(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate + Margin; 
(C) 
if “CMS(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x CMS Rate + Margin; 
(D) 
if “CMS(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x CMS Rate; 
(E) 
if “CMS(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x (CMS Rate + Margin); 
(F) 
if “CMS(6)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2; 
(G) 
if “CMS(7)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2 + Margin); 
(H) 
if “CMS(8)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2) + Margin; 
(I) 
if “CMS(9)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
Applicable Rate + Margin2]; 
(J) 
if “CMS(10)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
Applicable Rate + Margin2]; 
(K) 
if “CMS(11)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
104 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 
x CMS Rate2 + Margin2]; 
(L) 
if “CMS(12)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
CMS Rate2 + Margin2]; 
(M) 
if “CMS(13)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Minimum Rate of 
Interest1] - Max[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate2 + Margin2; Minimum Rate of 
Interest2]; 
(N) 
if “CMS(14)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Maximum Rate of 
Interest1] - Min[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate2 + Margin2; Maximum Rate of 
Interest2]; 
(O) 
if “CMS(15)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 
x (CMS Rate2 – CMS Rate3 + Margin2)]; 
(P) 
if “CMS(16)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate1 + Margin1; Gearing Factor2 x 
(CMS Rate2 – CMS Rate3 + Margin2)]; 
(Q) 
if “CMS(17)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor1 x Max[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate1 + Gearing 
Factor3 x CMS Rate2 + Margin1; Gearing Factor4 x CMS Rate3 + Gearing Factor5 
x CMS Rate4 + Margin2] + Margin3; 
(R) 
if “CMS(18)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor1 x Min[Gearing Factor2 x CMS Rate1 + Gearing 
Factor3 x CMS Rate2 + Margin1; Gearing Factor4 x CMS Rate3 + Gearing Factor5 
x CMS Rate4 + Margin2] + Margin3; 
(S) 
if “CMS(19)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor1 x ((1+ Gearing Factor2 x (CMS Rate + Margin)) 
^ Power – 1); 
(T) 
if “CMSRA(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x (n/N); 
(U) 
if “CMSRA(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(V) 
if “CMSRA(3)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin) x (n/N); 
(W) 
if “CMSRA(4)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
105 
Rate of Interest = Min[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Maximum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); or 
(X) 
if “CMSRA(5)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Max[Gearing Factor x Applicable Rate + Margin; Minimum Rate 
of Interest1] x (n/N); 
where: 
“Accrual Range” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms, and may, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) expressed as a range between two percentages 
(and if the Accrual Rate is equal to the upper or lower limits of such Accrual Range, it shall 
be deemed to fall inside or outside such Accrual Range as so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or (y) expressed to be greater than (or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
equal to) a specified percentage or (z) expressed to be less than (or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, equal to) a specified percentage; 
“Accrual Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS Rates and/or Floating 
Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Applicable Rate” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, 
(y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as 
the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1”, “CMS Rate2”, “CMS Rate3” and “CMS Rate4” means the relevant 
Reference Rate(s) or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms, which 
may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated by reference to the 
mathematical difference between, or sum of, two Reference Rates or Floating Rate Options, 
or by applying one of the formulae specified in sub-paragraphs (A) to (X) above; 
“Fixing Day” means each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, or such other day 
or days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Gearing Factor”, “Gearing Factor1”, “Gearing Factor2”, “Gearing Factor3”, “Gearing 
Factor4” and “Gearing Factor5” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Margin”, “Margin1” “Margin2” and “Margin3” have the meanings specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, 
(y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as 
the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Minimum Rate of Interest1”, “Minimum Rate of Interest2”, “Maximum Rate of Interest1” 
and “Maximum Rate of Interest2” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“N” means the total number of Fixing Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“n” means the number of Fixing Days where the Accrual Rate (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) falls inside or outside the Accrual Range (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), provided that: 
(A) 
for any Fixing Day which is not a Business Day and which falls during the relevant 
Interest Period, the Accrual Rate for such day will be deemed to be the Accrual Rate 
as at the immediately preceding Business Day; and

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
106 
(B) 
for each Fixing Day following the Rate Cut-off Date, the Accrual Rate will be deemed 
to be the Accrual Rate as at the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Power” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Rate Cut-off Date” means the date that is five Fixing Days prior to the relevant Specified 
Interest Payment Date (or such other number of Fixing Days as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
(i) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest which is applicable with 
respect to one or more Interest Periods may be conditional upon a specified CMS 
Rate being equal to or greater than a pre-determined rate on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. Any such rate shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” is/are specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant provisions of Condition 5(b)(iii) 
shall apply as though references to Floating Rate Notes were references to CMS 
Linked Notes. 
(iii) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
in respect of different Interest Periods may be calculated by reference to more than 
one of the formulae set out in sub-paragraph (i) above. 
(f) 
Rate of Interest on Variable Rate Notes 
In respect of Variable Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be determined in accordance with the 
Initial Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms may specify 
one or more Variation Dates upon which the Rate of Interest may instead be calculated in 
accordance with the Varied Rate(s) of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(i) 
If “Variation Notice” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Varied 
Rate of Interest will only apply from the relevant Variation Date at the option of the Issuer, 
having given not less than five Business Days’ notice to Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of such variation. 
(ii) 
If “Variation Notice” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Varied 
Rate(s) of Interest will automatically apply on the Variation Date(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
(g) 
Rate of Interest on Index Linked Interest Notes 
Index Linked Interest Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The Rate of Interest in respect 
of Index Linked Interest Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and interest will accrue by reference to an Index or a Basket 
of Indices or formula as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(h) 
Rate of Interest on Equity Linked Interest Notes 
Equity Linked Interest Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. In the case of Equity Linked 
Notes, the Rate of Interest or amount of interest payable in respect of each Interest Accrual Period 
or on each Specified Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be determined by reference 
to an Underlying Security or a Basket of Underlying Securities or formula in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
107 
(i) 
Rate of Interest on FX Linked Interest Notes 
FX Linked Interest Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to 
FX Linked Interest Notes: 
(i) 
In the case of FX Linked Interest Notes, the Rate of Interest or amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Interest Accrual Period or on each Specified Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, shall be determined by reference to an FX Rate and/or a basket of FX Rates 
and/or a formula, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, or in accordance with one of the 
following formulae: 
(A) 
if “FX(1)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Rate1 x (FXn/FX0) – Rate2; or 
(B) 
if “FX(2)” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
Rate of Interest = Rate1 x (FXn/FX0), 
where: 
“Base Currency” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“FXn” means (i) if “Bid Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the bid rate of the 
relevant FX Rate published on the FX Price Source on the FX Valuation Date or (ii) if “Mid 
Rate” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rate 
of the relevant FX Rate published on the FX Price Source on the FX Valuation Date, each at 
such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“FX0” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“FX Determination Date” means the day which is 10 Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date (or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“FX Rate” has the meaning specified in Condition 9; 
“Rate1” and “Rate2” refer to the Rates of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based 
upon one or more Reference Rates or Floating Rate Options (as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Reference Currency” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the display page so designated on the service specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (or such other page as may replace that page on that service (or 
replace such services) for the purposes of displaying an exchange rate comparable to such 
rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(ii) 
If FX Range Notes is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of each Interest Period will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
if the Spot Rate is less than the Maximum Currency Rate or greater than the Minimum 
Currency Rate at any time during the Observation Period, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to Rate1; and 
(B) 
if the Spot Rate is equal to or greater than the Maximum Currency Rate or equal to or 
less than the Minimum Currency Rate at any time during the Observation Period, the 
Rate of Interest shall be equal to Rate2,

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
108 
where: 
“Currency Pair” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Maximum Currency Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Currency Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means each Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rate1” and “Rate2” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Spot Market” means the global spot foreign exchange market, which shall be treated as 
being open continuously from 5.00 a.m. Sydney time on a Monday in any week to 5.00 p.m. 
New York time on the Friday of that week; and 
“Spot Rate” means the rates for the exchange of the Currency Pair in the Spot Market for 
foreign exchange transactions. 
(j) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest. 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be Zero Coupon 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(b)(i)(B)). 
(k) 
Dual Currency Notes 
Dual Currency Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if 
the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to a Rate of Exchange or a method 
of calculating the Rate of Exchange, the rate or amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(l) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than 
Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up 
nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(m) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 11). 
(n) 
Interest Trigger Event 
If Interest Trigger Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply, in each case, as may be amended in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
In respect of all Interest Periods beginning on or after such date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and ending on the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of an Interest Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest.

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
109 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of an Interest Trigger Event, the Rate of Interest for all subsequent 
Interest Periods (excluding the Interest Period in which the Trigger Event occurred) shall be 
the Reset Rate of Interest. 
(iii) 
If an Interest Trigger Event does not occur, the Interest Amount payable on the Maturity Date 
shall be calculated in accordance with Condition 5(p)(iv). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(n): 
“Aggregate Interest Amount” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the “Relevant 
Interest Payment Date”), the sum of all Interest Amounts paid per Calculation Amount, during the 
period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date, to (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Interest Payment Date, plus the Interest 
Amount due on the Relevant Interest Payment Date; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Trigger Event” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Aggregate Interest 
Amount on such Interest Payment Date being equal to or greater than the Minimum Interest Amount; 
“Minimum Interest Amount” means the minimum aggregate amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount during the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date, to (and including) the Maturity Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Reset Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(o) 
Knock-in Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following provisions 
shall apply, in each case, as may be amended in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
For each Interest Period in respect of which a Knock-in Event does not occur during the 
relevant Reference Period or at the applicable Reference Time (as the case may be), the 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
(ii) 
For each Interest Period in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that a Knock-
in Event has occurred during the relevant Reference Period or at the applicable Reference 
Time (as the case may be), the Rate of Interest shall be the Reset Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(o): 
“Initial Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Knock-in Barrier” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Knock-in Event” means, at any time during the Reference Period or at the Reference Time (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Relevant Rate is equal to or greater than the Knock-in 
Barrier or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, less than the Knock-in Barrier; 
“Reference Period” means the period from (and including) the fifth Business Day prior to the start 
of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the fifth Business Day prior to the end of such 
Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Time” means the time and date at which the Relevant Rate is determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Relevant Rate” means the relevant Reference Rate, Floating Rate Option, Inverse Rate, CMS 
Rate, FX Rate or such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
110 
“Reset Rate of Interest” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(p) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount and 
rounding 
In the case of any Notes: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest 
in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin; subject always to the 
next paragraph. Any such Margin may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an 
absolute value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS 
Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y). 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum or Minimum Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject 
to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
Any such Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest may, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be determined by reference to (w) one or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS 
Rates and/or Floating Rate Options, (x) a multiple of one or more Reference Rates and/or 
Floating Rate Options, (y) the mathematical difference between, or the product or sum of, 
two or more Reference Rates, FX Rates, CMS Rates and/or Floating Rate Options and/or 
(z) any combination of (x), (y) and (z). 
(iv) 
Where a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the aggregate 
amount of all Interest Amounts paid per Calculation Amount prior to the Maturity Date is less 
than such Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount to be paid on the Maturity Date 
shall be equal to the difference between the Minimum Interest Amount and the aggregate of 
all Interest Amounts paid per Calculation Amount prior to the Maturity Date. 
(v) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the 
seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(q) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
111 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(r) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Automatic Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or 
make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and 
the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, 
if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified 
to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) 
the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 13, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes, save in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate and Weighted Average SOFR for the purposes of Condition 5(b), 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5 but 
no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(s) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Automatic Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
112 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid and such successor having accepted such appointment. 
(t) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(t)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(t)(iv)). 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(t) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(t).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(t) 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 5(t)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(t)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
113 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(t)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread in respect of the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only. Any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the determination of an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Condition 5(t)(i), provided that once the Issuer and (if appointed) the 
Independent Adviser have determined an Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall 
apply for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods.  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(t) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent Adviser has been 
appointed by the Issuer) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 5(t)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(t), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(t) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(t)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(t) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. In accordance with Condition 14, notice shall be provided 
to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
114 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(t); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(t), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(t), the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(t) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(b)(iii)(B)(w) 
and 5(b)(iii)(B)(x) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v).  
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(t): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
115 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(t)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(t)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
116 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant 
public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(t)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means either (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; or (ii) any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to 
the operation of this Condition 5(t); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (z) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(u) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is a SOFR Reference Rate, in addition 
and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, this Condition 5(u) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for such determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(u), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(u) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
117 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
i. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 5(u), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
ii. In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
as applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Issuer or its designee, prior to the date which is 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(u). 
iii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(u), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(u), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
118 
(iv) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(u): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as provided by 
the FRBNY, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate)) (“SOFR”); provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
119 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) in the case of sub paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the Benchmark;

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
120 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption, purchase and options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each 
Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The outstanding nominal amount 
of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount 
is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall 
remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, each 
Note shall be fully redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms, is 
its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final 
Instalment Amount. In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi, if the Maturity Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date 
will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would fall in the next calendar month in 
which event the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall be

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
121 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
quarterly, semi-annually or annually, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 13 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (A) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph (C) 
shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case, the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(m). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in sub-paragraph (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
6(c), 6(d), 6(e) or 6(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 13, shall 
be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption: If the Calculation Agent determines that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred or will occur in relation to any Interest Payment Date falling 
on or after the Automatic Early Redemption Commencement Date but prior to the Maturity 
Date, the Issuer shall give not less than five Business Days’ notice (or such other period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of such determination to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 and shall redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on such 
Interest Payment Date at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(b)(iii): 
“Aggregate Interest Amount” has the meaning specified in Condition 5(n); 
“Automatic Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Automatic Early Redemption Commencement Date” has the meaning specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Automatic Early Redemption Event” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
Aggregate Interest Amount on such Interest Payment Date being equal to or greater than the 
Maximum Interest Amount; and 
“Maximum Interest Amount” means the maximum aggregate amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount during the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, to (and including) the Maturity Date, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
122 
(c) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, an Equity 
Linked Interest Note or an FX Linked Interest Note) or at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating 
Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, an Equity Linked Interest Note nor an FX Linked Interest 
Note) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) (together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 11 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of the Netherlands, in respect of any Issuer and Australia in respect of 
Rabobank Australia Branch and New Zealand in respect of Rabobank New Zealand Branch or, in 
each case, any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the most 
recent Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(i) 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a 
nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 6. 
(ii) 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal 
amount of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be 
redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair 
and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject 
to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
(iii) 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply for the 
purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Amount:

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
123 
(A) 
Where the Reference Rate on an Observation Date is equal to or less than the Strike 
Rate, the Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount which is payable on 
the immediately following Optional Redemption Date shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, using the following formula: 
Optional Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x (100 per cent. + (X n)) 
where: 
“n” means, with respect to an Observation Date, the number of Observation Dates 
during the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) such 
Observation Date; and 
“X” has the meaning (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(B) 
Where the Reference Rate on an Observation Date is greater than the Strike Rate, 
the Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount which is payable on the 
immediately following Optional Redemption Date shall be 100 per cent. of such 
Calculation Amount, 
in each case, where: 
“Observation Date” means, in relation to any Optional Redemption Date, the date which is 
five Business Days prior to such Optional Redemption Date (or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Strike Rate” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of 
any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem 
such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) 
above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice 
(“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Redemption for illegality 
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under 
the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes has or will 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with 
any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation 
thereof, the Issuer, having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Noteholders in

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
124 
accordance with Condition 17 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
(g) 
Delivery of Underlying Securities 
(i) 
If Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will be 
redeemed by way of delivery of Underlying Securities and the Issuer will transfer, or procure 
the delivery by the Delivery Agent of, in respect of each Note, the Underlying Securities 
Amount to or to the order of the Noteholder (as specified by the Noteholder). In order to 
obtain delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to 
any Paying Agent, on or before the Presentation Date, the relevant Note(s) and a duly 
completed Delivery Notice. No Delivery Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by a 
Paying Agent. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed 
and delivered shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent, after consultation with the Issuer 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. If the relevant 
Note and the related Delivery Notice are delivered or are deemed to be delivered to any 
Paying Agent on a day that is not a Business Day, such Note and Delivery Notice shall be 
deemed to be delivered on the next following Business Day. 
If the holder of a Note does not deliver the Note and a Delivery Notice, in each case, as set 
out above, on or before the Presentation Date as provided above, then the Issuer shall have 
no obligation to make delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount in respect of such Note 
unless and until a duly completed Delivery Notice (together with the relevant Note) are each 
delivered as provided above and delivery of such Underlying Securities Amount shall be 
made as soon as possible thereafter but not earlier than the Underlying Securities Delivery 
Date. 
All Delivery Expenses shall, be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery 
and/or transfer of any Underlying Securities Amount shall be required to be made until all 
Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by such Noteholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant holder of a Note shall not be entitled to any additional 
or further payment by reason of the delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount in respect 
of such Note occurring after the Underlying Securities Delivery Date as a result of such 
Delivery Notice or Note being delivered after the Presentation Date. 
The Issuer shall on the Underlying Securities Delivery Date, deliver or procure the delivery 
of the Underlying Securities Amount in respect of each Note to such account at Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear or the other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant 
Delivery Notice at the risk and expense of the relevant Noteholder. As used herein, “delivery” 
in relation to any Underlying Securities Amount means the carrying out of the steps required 
of the Issuer (or such person as it may procure to make the relevant delivery) in order to 
effect the transfer of the relevant Underlying Securities Amount in accordance with the 
relevant Delivery Notice and “deliver” shall be construed accordingly. The Issuer shall not 
be responsible for any delay or failure in the transfer of such Underlying Securities Amount 
once such steps have been carried out, whether resulting from settlement periods of clearing 
systems, acts or omissions of registrars, incompatible or incorrect information being 
contained in the Delivery Notice or otherwise and shall have no responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Underlying Securities comprising the Underlying 
Securities Amount or any interest therein by any Noteholder or any other person.

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
125 
Noteholders should note that the actual date on which they become holders of the Underlying 
Securities comprising the Underlying Securities Amount will depend, among other factors, 
on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems and share registrar and the effect of any 
Settlement Disruption Events. 
No Noteholder will be entitled to receive dividends or other distributions declared or paid in 
respect of the Underlying Securities to which such Note gives entitlement or to any other 
rights relating to or arising out of such Underlying Securities if the date on which the 
Underlying Securities are quoted ex-dividend or ex-the relevant right falls before the date on 
which the Underlying Securities are credited into the securities account of the Noteholder. 
(ii) 
Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6 to the same Noteholder will be 
aggregated for the purpose of determining the Underlying Securities Amount to which such 
Notes give entitlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Basket per particular 
class of Underlying Securities comprised in that Basket). The Noteholders will not be entitled 
to any interest or other payment or compensation if and to the extent that the delivery of the 
Underlying Securities Amount will take place after the earlier of (A) the Optional Redemption 
Date or (B) the Maturity Date (as specified in these Conditions). The number of Underlying 
Securities comprising the Underlying Securities Amount in respect of a Note will be calculated 
on the basis of the prevailing formula in the relevant Final Terms rounded down to the next 
whole integral number of Underlying Securities. Entitlement to the remaining fractions of 
Underlying Securities will be settled by payment of the Fractional Cash Amount in respect of 
those fractions rounded up to two decimals, as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
Settlement Disruption 
If the Calculation Agent determines that delivery of any Underlying Securities Amount in 
respect of any Note by the Issuer in accordance with these Conditions is not practicable or 
permitted by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event subsisting, then the Underlying 
Securities Delivery Date in respect of such Note shall be postponed to the first following 
Delivery Day in respect of which no such Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting and notice 
thereof shall be given to the relevant Noteholder by mail addressed to it at the address 
specified in the relevant Delivery Notice or in accordance with Condition 17, provided that 
the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole discretion that the Issuer satisfies its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering or procuring the delivery of such 
Underlying Securities Amount using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and in such event the Underlying Securities Delivery Date shall be such day as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate in connection with delivery of such Underlying 
Securities Amount in such other commercially reasonable and lawful manner. No Noteholder 
shall be entitled to any payment whether of interest or otherwise on such Note in the event 
of any delay in the delivery of the Underlying Securities Amount pursuant to this paragraph 
(iii) and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Underlying Securities 
comprising the Underlying Securities Amount, the Underlying Securities Delivery Date for the 
Underlying Securities comprising such Underlying Securities Amount but not affected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Underlying Securities Delivery 
Date. 
For so long as delivery of part or all of the Underlying Securities comprising the Underlying 
Securities Amount (the “Affected Underlying Securities”) in respect of any Note is not 
practicable or permitted by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then, in lieu of physical 
delivery of the Affected Underlying Securities and notwithstanding any other provision hereof,

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
126 
the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of each relevant 
Note by payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the 
third Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. 
(h) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes and FX Linked Notes 
following an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount, together with, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any determination made that the Notes are to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 6(h) 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, together with the date of such 
redemption. 
(i) 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6 and the provisions specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may, at any time, purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (other than Bearer Notes 
purchased in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities or in the name of another party) 
may be surrendered for cancellation and, in each case, if so surrendered, will be cancelled forthwith 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith), and may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. Notes 
may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each Note, 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the 
Registrar. 
7 
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes 
Equity Linked Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to Equity Linked 
Notes: 
(a) 
Definitions 
As used in relation to Equity Linked Notes:

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
127 
“Additional Disruption Event” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or any other Additional Disruption Event, in each case, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Affected Security” means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes that relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Securities, an Underlying Security for which a Valuation Date is affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day. 
“Basket” means a basket comprised of each Underlying Security specified in the Final Terms in the 
relative proportion/number specified in the Final Terms. 
“Company” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, the issuer of the Underlying Security 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of any Notes (i) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Underlying 
Security relating to its hedge position in respect of such Notes, or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to such Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Delisting” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, that the Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Underlying Security ceases (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union 
or in the United Kingdom, in any member state of the European Union or in the United Kingdom) 
and such Underlying Security is no longer listed on an Exchange acceptable to the Issuer. 
“Delivery Agent” means Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. or, if different, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Delivery Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, a day on which Underlying Securities 
comprised in the Underlying Security Amount may be delivered to Noteholders in the manner which 
the Calculation Agent has determined in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate. 
“Delivery Expenses” means the expenses, including all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses 
including stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from or in connection 
with the delivery and/or transfer of any Underlying Securities Amount. 
“Delivery Notice” means a written notice substantially in such form as the Issuer may determine, 
which must specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and the securities account in 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing system to be credited with the relevant 
Underlying Securities Amount and authorise the production of such notice in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings and copies may be obtained from any Agent. 
“Disrupted Day” means (i) in respect of an Underlying Security, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which (A) the Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (B) any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (C) a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred.

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
128 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the fair market value of the Affected Underlying Securities less the cost to the 
Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Early Closure” means in respect of an Underlying Security, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
“Equity Valuation Date(s)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if that day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Equity Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 7(c)(i). 
“Exchange” means in respect of an Underlying Security, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Underlying Security in the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to 
time to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 and any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Underlying 
Security has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Underlying Security on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means (i) in respect of an Underlying Security, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the Underlying Security on the Exchange, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Security on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
“Extraordinary Dividend” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, an amount specified or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms. If no Extraordinary Dividend is 
specified or otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the characterisation of 
a dividend or portion thereof as an Extraordinary Dividend shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Fractional Amount” means any fractional interest in one Underlying Security to which a 
Noteholder would be entitled pursuant to Condition 6(g)(ii). 
“Fractional Cash Amount” means, in respect of each Note and in respect of Underlying Securities 
of a Company, the amount in the Specified Currency (rounded to the nearest smallest transferable 
Unit of such currency, half such a unit being rounded downwards) determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion in accordance with the following formula: 
Fractional Cash Amount = (the Reference Price x Fractional Amount x Underlying FX Rate). 
Where:

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
129 
“Underlying FX Rate” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, the prevailing spot rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as the number of units 
of the Specified Currency that could be bought with one unit of the currency in which the 
relevant Underlying Security is quoted on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date. 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Underlying Security or 
other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the Underlying Security or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Insolvency” means, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of, or any analogous proceedings affecting, a Company, at any time (i) all 
the Underlying Securities of such Company are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (ii) holders of the Underlying Securities of such Company become legally 
prohibited from transferring them. 
“Merger Date” means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any Underlying Securities, any (i) reclassification or change 
of such Underlying Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all of such Underlying Securities outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in 
which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all of such Underlying Securities outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 
100 per cent. of the outstanding Underlying Securities of the relevant Company that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Underlying Securities (other than 
such Underlying Securities owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with 
or into another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Underlying Securities outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Underlying Securities (other than Underlying Securities owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Underlying Securities immediately following such event (a “Reverse Merger”), in each 
case, if the Merger Date is on or before the relevant Valuation Date. 
“Nationalisation” means the event in which all the assets or substantially all the assets of a 
Company or the Underlying Securities of such a Company are nationalised, expropriated or are

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
130 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
“Potential Adjustment Event” means, with respect to any Company, any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Underlying Securities (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Underlying 
Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Underlying Securities 
specified in the relevant Final Terms of (A) such Underlying Securities or (B) other share 
capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such 
Underlying Securities or (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or 
owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case, 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by it in respect of any Underlying Securities that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by it or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Underlying Securities, whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is in cash, new shares, 
securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Company pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, provided that any adjustment effected 
as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Securities. 
“Presentation Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Price” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single Underlying 
Security, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the 
Underlying Security quoted on the relevant Exchange and, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, without regard to any subsequently published correction as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such official 
closing price (or, as the case may be, price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a 
Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) can be determined at such time, 
unless the Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price 
(or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation 
Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the 
fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the Underlying Security determined, at the

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
131 
Calculation Agent’s discretion, either by reference to the arithmetic mean of the foregoing 
prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Underlying Security or by 
reference to such other factors and source(s) as the Calculation Agent shall decide). The 
amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, if Exchange Rate is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, into the Specified Currency at the 
Exchange Rate and such converted amount shall be the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of Underlying 
Securities, an amount equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Underlying Security 
as the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a 
Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the Underlying Security quoted on 
the relevant Exchange as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, without regard to any subsequently published correction 
or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, no such official closing price (or price at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) can be determined at such time, unless the Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith to be equal to the arithmetic mean 
of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time 
on the Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date, if a Valuation Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the Underlying 
Security determined, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either by reference to the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or the middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in the trading of the 
Underlying Security or by reference to such other factors and source(s) as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide). Each amount determined pursuant to the foregoing shall be converted, 
if the Exchange Rate is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, into the Specified 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and the sum of such converted amounts shall be the 
Reference Price. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, each exchange or quotation 
system (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to time to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17), if any, on which the Underlying Security, is traded or quoted, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Security has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying Security on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange) and as may be 
selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent, provided that, where “All Exchanges” is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Security. 
“Reverse Merger” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Merger Event”. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange and Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
the hours of the regular trading session.

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
132 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, any day on which each 
Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective trading 
sessions. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in respect of any Series, (i) an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of (one of) the 
Underlying Securities comprised in any Underlying Securities Amount by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
in accordance with these Conditions and/or relevant Final Terms, is not practicable; or (ii) the 
existence of any prohibition or material restriction imposed by applicable law (or by order, decree or 
regulation of any governmental entity, stock exchange or self-regulating body having jurisdiction), 
including prohibitions or restrictions resulting from action taken or not taken by the Issuer and/or 
any Affiliate of the Issuer on the ability of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates engaged in hedging 
transactions relating to the Underlying Securities to transfer the Underlying Securities or a particular 
class of Underlying Securities comprised in any Underlying Securities Amount. 
“Tender Offer” means, in respect of any Underlying Security, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity 
or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the 
relevant Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies, or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent determines to be relevant. 
“Tender Offer Date” means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in the 
amount of applicable thresholds are actually purchased or otherwise obtained, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Trading Disruption” means in respect of an Underlying Security, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (A) relating to the Underlying Security on the Exchange or (B) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Underlying Security on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Underlying Securities” means the shares or other securities or different classes of shares or other 
securities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Underlying Securities Amount” means, subject to Conditions 6 and 7, in respect of each Note, 
the amount of Underlying Securities so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Underlying Securities Delivery Date” means, in respect of an Underlying Security, subject to 
Condition 6, the Maturity Date or, if such day is not a Delivery Day, the first succeeding day that is 
a Delivery Day. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date” means each Equity Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, as applicable. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time 
is specified in respect of an Underlying Security, the close of trading on the relevant Exchange in 
relation to that Underlying Security or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select and as 
notified to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. If the Exchange closes prior

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
133 
to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for 
its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Correction of an Underlying Security Price 
If the price of an Underlying Security published on the Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and 
the correction (the “Corrected Underlying Security Price”) is published on the relevant Exchange 
prior to the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such Corrected 
Underlying Security Price shall be deemed to be the closing price for such Underlying Security for 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of (i) that 
correction and (ii) the amount of principal and/or interest (if any) that is payable as a result of that 
correction and as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall make payment of such 
amount in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Disrupted Days 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Equity Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of an Underlying Security, then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Security, the Equity Valuation Date in respect of that Underlying Security 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of that Underlying Security, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days 
(or such other number of Scheduled Trading Days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading 
Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Equity 
Valuation Date in respect of that Underlying Security, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price as its good faith estimate of the value for the Underlying Security as 
at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled 
Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Underlying Securities, the Equity Valuation Date in respect of each Underlying 
Security not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Equity Valuation Date in respect of each Affected Security 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of the Affected Security unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days (or 
such other number of Scheduled Trading Days as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of the Affected Security. In that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
(or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
shall be deemed to be the Equity Valuation Date in respect of the Affected Security, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Price of the Affected Security as its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Security as at the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms). 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
an Underlying Security, then:

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
134 
(A) 
if “Omission” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Averaging Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant 
Reference Price. If no Averaging Date would occur through the operation of this 
provision, then, for the purposes of determining the Reference Price on the final 
Averaging Date, Condition 7(c)(i) will apply as if such Averaging Date were an Equity 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Averaging Date shall 
be deferred in accordance with Condition 7(c)(i) as if it were an Equity Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date for the Equity Linked Notes; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then: 
(x) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single 
Underlying Security, the Averaging Date in respect of that Underlying Security 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date if the first succeeding Valid Date has 
not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or 
such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging 
Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then (i) the eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
in respect of that Underlying Security (irrespective of whether such day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price of one such Underlying Security as its good faith estimate of 
the value for the Underlying Security as at the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(y) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Underlying Securities, the Averaging Date in respect of each Underlying 
Security not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Averaging Date in respect of each Affected 
Security shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in respect of the Affected 
Security. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to an Affected Security 
has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date, then (i) the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date in respect of the Affected Security (irrespective of whether such day is 
already an Averaging Date, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Reference Price of the Affected Security as its good faith estimate of the value 
for the Affected Security as at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
135 
(d) 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If Potential Adjustment Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine (as soon as practicable thereafter) whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Underlying Security and, if so, the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of these 
Conditions (including, without limitation, to the Final Redemption Amount and/or Underlying 
Securities Amount) or the relevant Final Terms in relation to the Notes to account for the diluting or 
concentrative effect of such event or otherwise necessary to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the rights of the Noteholders under the Notes immediately prior to such event, such adjustment to 
be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent (provided that no adjustments will 
be made to account solely for changes in volatility, except dividend, stock loan rate or liquidity). 
In determining whether an adjustment should be made as a result of the occurrence of a Potential 
Adjustment Event, if options contracts or futures contracts on the Underlying Securities are traded 
on any stock exchange, the Calculation Agent may have regard to, but shall not be bound by, any 
adjustment to the terms of the relevant options contract or futures contract made and announced 
by such stock exchange. Any adjustments made in accordance with this Condition 7(d) shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(e) 
Consequences of a Merger Event or Tender Offer 
If a Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and a Merger Event or Tender Offer occurs, then on, or after the relevant Merger Date 
or Tender Offer Date, as the case may be, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
(A) make such adjustment to the exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the 
Notes, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic effect 
on the Notes of such Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, excepted dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Underlying Securities or to the Notes), which may, 
but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such 
Merger Event or Tender Offer, as the case may be, by an options exchange to options on 
the relevant Underlying Securities traded on such options exchange, and (B) determine the 
effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make under sub-
paragraph (i) will produce a commercially reasonable result, then the Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount as at the Merger Date or the Tender Offer Date, as 
the case may be, in accordance with Condition 7(i). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 7(e) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(f) 
Consequences of a Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency 
If Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
then, if a Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency event occurs, as the case may be, the Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the 
Underlying Securities Amount and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms to account for the Nationalisation, Delisting or Insolvency event, as

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
136 
the case may be, and (B) determine the effective date of any adjustment. In determining 
whether an adjustment should be made as a result of the occurrence of a Nationalisation, 
Delisting or Insolvency, as the case may be, if options contracts or futures contracts on the 
Underlying Securities are traded on any stock exchange, the Calculation Agent may have 
regard to, but shall not be bound by, any adjustment to the terms of the relevant options 
contract or futures contract made and announced by such stock exchange. Any adjustment 
made in accordance with this Condition 7(f) shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(i). 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the 
Underlying Securities Amount and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event, and (B) determine 
the effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 6(h). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 7(g) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(h) 
Adjustments for Equity Linked Redemption Notes in respect of Underlying Securities 
quoted in European Currencies 
In respect of Equity Linked Redemption Notes relating to Underlying Securities originally quoted, 
listed and/or dealt as of the Issue Date in a currency of a member state of the European Union that 
has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty, if such Underlying Securities are 
at any time after the Issue Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in Euro on the relevant 
Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the principal market on 
which those Underlying Securities are traded, then the Calculation Agent will adjust any one or more 
of the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Underlying Securities Amount and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion to be appropriate to preserve the economic terms of 
the Notes. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for purposes of any such 
adjustment as of the Valuation Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined 
by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this Condition 
7(h) will affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the Notes. 
(i) 
Redemption of Equity Linked Notes following Nationalisation, Delisting, Insolvency, 
Merger Event or Tender Offer 
If Nationalisation, Delisting, Insolvency, Merger Event or Tender Offer is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has occurred, 
the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than five days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms); and

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
137 
(B) 
not less than seven days before the giving of the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (A) 
above (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding on the date specified in the notice 
referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms together with, if so specified in the Final Terms, interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
8 
Provisions Applicable to Index Linked Notes 
Index Linked Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to Index Linked 
Notes: 
(a) 
Definitions 
As used in relation to Index Linked Notes: 
“Additional Disruption Event” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or any other Additional Disruption Event, in each case, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Affected Index” means, in respect of Index Linked Notes that relate to a Basket of Indices, an 
Index for which a Valuation Date is affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
“Affected Underlying Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(g)(iii). 
“Basket” means a basket comprised of each Index specified in the Final Terms in the relative 
weighting specified in the Final Terms. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of any Notes (i) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
security/commodity comprised in an Index relating to its hedge position in respect of such Notes, or 
(B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to such 
Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Disrupted Day” means (i) in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (A) the 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (B) any Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or (C) a Market Disruption Event has occurred 
and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the 
Index. 
“Early Closure” means (i) in respect of an Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day.

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
138 
“Exchange” means in respect of any securities comprised in an Index, each exchange or quotation 
system, (from time to time) on which, in the determination of the Index Sponsor for the purposes of 
that Index, such securities are listed, such other stock exchange or quotation system specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to time to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
17 and (in any such case) any successor to such exchanges or quotation systems or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities/commodities comprising such Index 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the securities/commodities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) the 
ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, in 
the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any security comprised in the Index on any relevant Exchange 
or, in the case of any other Index, securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
Index on any relevant Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Index or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge Index or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
“Index” or “Indices” means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 8, the Index or 
Indices specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Index Cancellation” means, in respect of an Index, that, on or prior to any Valuation Date, a 
relevant Index Sponsor cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
“Index Disruption” means, in respect of an Index, that, on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor 
fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index. 
“Index Modification” means, in respect of an Index, that, on or prior to any Valuation Date, a 
relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation and other 
routine events).

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
139 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Index Valuation Date(s)” means the date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or if that day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the Index Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with Condition 8(c)(i). 
“Market Disruption Event” means in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence on any 
Scheduled Trading Day of a Trading Disruption or an Exchange Disruption which the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion is material at any time during the one-hour 
period that ends at the Valuation Time or an Early Closure, provided that, in the case of a Multi-
Exchange Index, the securities comprised in the Index in respect of which a Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists amount, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, in aggregate to 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index. For the purpose of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time in respect of a security/commodity 
included in the relevant Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
security/commodity to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (A) the portion of the 
level of the relevant Index attributable to that security/commodity relative to (B) the overall level of 
the relevant Index, in each case, immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Multi-Exchange Index” means an Index in respect of which there is more than one Exchange. 
“Reference Level” means: 
(i) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single Index, an 
amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the 
official closing level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation 
Time other than the Scheduled Closing Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the 
Valuation Date (as defined below) and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, without regard 
to any subsequently published correction; and 
(ii) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of Indices, an 
amount (which shall be deemed to be an amount of the Specified Currency) equal to the sum 
of the values calculated for each Index as the official closing level of each Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or, if a Valuation Time other than the Scheduled 
Closing Time is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the level of each Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent at such Valuation Time) on the Valuation Date and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, without regard to any subsequently published correction. 
“Related Exchange” means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or notified from time to time to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 17), if any, on which the Index, is traded or quoted, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange) and as may be selected from time to time by the Calculation Agent, provided 
that, where “All Exchanges” is specified as the Related Exchange in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index.

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
140 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange and Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
the hours of the regular trading session. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of an Index (other than a Multi-Exchange Index), any 
day on which each Exchange and Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective trading sessions, and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which the 
Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index and each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective trading session. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Successor Index” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d). 
“Successor Index Sponsor” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d). 
“Trading Disruption” means in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (A) on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index) any 
security comprised in the Index or (in the case of any other Index) securities that compromise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Valuation Date” means each Index Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, as applicable. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time 
is specified in respect of an Index, the time with reference to which the Index Sponsor calculates 
the closing level of the Index or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select and as notified 
to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Correction of an Index 
If Correction of an Index is specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms and the official closing 
level of an Index published on the Valuation Date is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
“Corrected Index Level”) is published by the Index Sponsor of (if applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor prior to the Correction Cut-Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such 
Corrected Index Level shall be deemed to be the closing level of such Index for the Valuation Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of (i) that correction and (ii) 
the amount of principal and/or interest (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction and as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall make payment of such amount in 
accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Disrupted Days 
(i) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
an Index, then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single Index, 
the Index Valuation Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
141 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day for such Index, unless each of the eight 
Scheduled Trading Days (or such other number of Scheduled Trading Days as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
(or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
shall be deemed to be the Index Valuation Date in respect of that Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Reference Level of the Affected Index as at the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of each security/commodity comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(B) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket of 
Indices, the Index Valuation Date in respect of each Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Index 
Valuation Date in respect of each Affected Index shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days (or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index. In 
that case, (I) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Index 
Valuation Date in respect of the Affected Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Level 
of the Affected Index as at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day 
(or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Affected Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange traded or 
quoted level as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such 
other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of each 
security/commodity comprised in the Affected Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security/commodity on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)). 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of 
an Index, then: 
(A) 
if “Omission” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Averaging Date will be 
deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes of determining the relevant

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
142 
Reference Level. If no Averaging Date would occur through the operation of this 
provision, then, for the purposes of determining the Reference Level on the final 
Averaging Date, Condition 8(c)(ii) will apply as if such Averaging Date were an Index 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if “Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then such Averaging Date 
shall be deferred in accordance with Condition 8(c)(i) as if it were an Index Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is 
deemed to be an Averaging Date for the Index Linked Notes; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(x) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a single 
Index, the Averaging Date in respect of that Index shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the 
Valuation Time on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled 
Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of 
the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date, then (i) the eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date in respect of that Index 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Level of the Affected Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Exchange 
traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) of each security/commodity comprised in the Index (or, if 
an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security/commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled 
Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms)); or 
(y) 
where the Notes are specified in the relevant Final Terms to relate to a Basket 
of Indices, the Averaging Date in respect of each Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Averaging Date in respect of each Affected Index shall be the first Valid Date 
in respect of the Affected Index unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading 
Days (or such other number of Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Index. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date in relation to an Affected Index has not occurred as of the Valuation Time 
on the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, then (1) the eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such 
other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms)

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
143 
shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date in respect of the Affected Index 
(irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Level of the Affected Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day (or such other 
Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Affected Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the 
Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of each security/commodity comprised in 
the Affected Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security/commodity on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security/commodity as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day (or such other Scheduled Trading Day as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)). 
(d) 
Adjustments for Successor Index Sponsors and Successor Indices 
If the Index or one of the Indices is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor to the Index Sponsor (the “Successor Index Sponsor”) 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of the relevant Index or (iii) not in existence on or prior to the Valuation 
Date, but the Calculation Agent considers there to be in existence at such time an alternative index 
which, if substituted for the relevant Index, would materially preserve the economic equivalent of 
the rights of the Noteholders under the Notes immediately prior to such substitution, then the 
relevant successor Index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index so calculated 
and published by the Successor Index Sponsor or that successor or the alternative index, as the 
case may be. 
(e) 
Consequences of Index Modification, Index Cancellation and Index Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that an Index Modification, 
Index Cancellation or Index Disruption Event has occurred, then the Issuer may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Modification, Index Cancellation or 
Index Disruption Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, the Rate of Interest, the 
Final Redemption Amount and/or any other relevant terms, using, in lieu of a published level 
of the relevant Index, the level of the relevant Index as at the relevant Valuation Time at the 
relevant Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the relevant Index last in effect prior to that change or 
failure, but using only those securities/commodities that comprised the relevant Index 
immediately prior to that change or failure (other than those securities that have since ceased 
to be listed on the relevant stock exchange); or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 8(g). 
(f) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then, if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may:

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
144 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to any one or more of the Final Redemption Amount and/or any other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event, and (B) determine the effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 6(h). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 8(f) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(g) 
Redemption of Index Linked Notes following an Index Modification, Index Cancellation 
or Index Disruption Event 
If an Index Modification, Index Cancellation or Index Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount together with, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption. 
Any determination made that the Notes are to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 8(g) 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17, together with the date of such 
redemption. 
9 
Provisions Applicable to FX Linked Notes 
FX Linked Notes may only be issued as Exempt Notes. The following provisions apply to FX Linked Notes: 
(a) 
Definitions 
As used in relation to FX Linked Notes: 
“Additional Disruption Events” means Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, or any other Additional Disruption Event, in each case, if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Base Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Basket” means a basket comprised of each FX Rate specified in the Final Terms in the relative 
proportion/number specified in the Final Terms. 
“Calculation Agent FX Determination” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the FX Rate for 
such relevant day (or a method for determining the FX Rate) will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent taking into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Issue Date of any Notes (i) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due 
to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant currency relating 
to its hedge position in respect of such Notes, or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations in relation to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Currency-Reference Dealers” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent 
will request each of the FX Reference Dealers to provide a quotation of its rate at which it will buy 
one unit of the Base Currency in units of the Reference Currency at the applicable Valuation Time

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
145 
on such relevant day. If, for any such rate, at least two quotations are provided, the relevant rate 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided for any such 
rate, the relevant rate will be the arithmetic mean of the relevant rates quoted by major banks in the 
relevant market, selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the applicable Valuation Time on 
such relevant day. 
“Disrupted Day” means in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence or existence, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source Disruption and/or Inconvertibility Event and/or any other 
event specified as an FX Disruption Event in the Final Terms. 
“Disruption Fallback” means Calculation Agent FX Determination, Currency-Reference Dealers or 
Fallback Reference Price, in the order specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fallback Reference Price” means, in respect of any relevant day, that the Calculation Agent will 
determine the FX Rate on such relevant day on the basis of the exchange rate for one unit of the 
Base Currency in terms of the Reference Currency for such FX Rate, published by available 
recognised financial information vendors (as selected by the Calculation Agent) other than the 
applicable FX Price Source, at or around the applicable Valuation Time on such relevant day. 
“Fallback Valuation Date” means, the date(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if 
no date is specified for the Fallback Valuation Date in the relevant Final Terms, then the Fallback 
Valuation Date for any date on which the FX Rate is required to be determined shall be the second 
Business Day prior to the next following date upon which any payment or delivery of assets may 
have to be made by the Issuer by reference to the FX Rate on such day. 
“FX Averaging Reference Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Initial FX Averaging Date 
or Averaging Date, subject to any adjustment in accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“FX Business Day” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the practice of the foreign exchange market) in (i) the principal financial centre of 
the Reference Currency and (ii) the FX Financial Centres. 
“FX Business Day Convention” means the convention for adjusting any FX Reference Date or 
other relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not an FX Business Day. If the relevant 
Final Terms specify, in respect of such FX Reference Date or other date, that: 
(i) 
“Following” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX Business 
Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will be the first following day that is an FX Business 
Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX 
Scheduled Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX 
Business Day, the Reference Date or other date will be the first following day that is an FX 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case, that date will 
be the first preceding day that is an FX Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Nearest” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX Business 
Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will be (A) the first preceding day that is an FX 
Business Day if such date falls on a day other than a Sunday or Monday and (B) the first 
following day that is an FX Business Day if such date otherwise falls on a Sunday or Monday; 
(iv) 
“Preceding” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX Business

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
146 
Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will be the first preceding day that is an FX 
Business Day; or 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” shall apply to such FX Reference Date or other date, then, if the FX 
Scheduled Reference Date or other scheduled date corresponding to such date is not an FX 
Business Day, the FX Reference Date or other date will nonetheless be such FX Scheduled 
Reference Date or other scheduled date. 
If the relevant Final Terms do not specify an applicable FX Business Day Convention, then it shall 
be deemed that “Following” shall apply. 
“FX Financial Centres” means, in respect of each FX Rate, the financial centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Interest Valuation Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“FX Price Source” means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for such FX Rate or, if the relevant rate is not published or announced by such FX Price 
Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or page/publication for the 
relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“FX Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day, the exchange rate of one currency for another 
currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) 
per unit of the Base Currency (and, if the relevant Final Terms specify a Number of FX Settlement 
Days, for settlement in the Number of FX Settlement Days reported and/or calculated and/or 
published by the FX Rate Sponsor), which appears on the FX Price Source at approximately the 
applicable Valuation Time on such day, or such other rate specified or otherwise determined as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Rate Sponsor” means, in respect of an FX Rate, the entity specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“FX Reference Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each Initial FX Averaging Date, Initial FX 
Valuation Date, FX Interest Valuation Date or Averaging Date, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“FX Reference Dealers” means, in respect of each FX Rate, four leading dealers in the relevant 
foreign exchange market, as determined by the Calculation Agent or otherwise specified or 
determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“FX Scheduled Reference Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate and any FX Reference Date, 
any original date that, but for such day not being an FX Business Day for such FX Rate, would have 
been such FX Reference Date. 
“FX Valuation Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or otherwise 
determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in accordance with 
the FX Business Day Convention. 
“Hedging Disruption” means the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the FX Rate or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
147 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the FX Rate or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
“Inconvertibility Event” means, in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence of an event which affects 
the convertibility of the relevant Reference Currency into the Base Currency. 
“Initial FX Averaging Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“Initial FX Valuation Date” means, in respect of an FX Rate, each date specified as such or 
otherwise determined as specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to any adjustment in 
accordance with the FX Business Day Convention. 
“Number of FX Settlement Days” means such number or amount as is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Price Source Disruption” means it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain the 
FX Rate on the FX Reference Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that FX Reference 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant FX Price Source). 
“Reference Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Valuation Date” means each FX Valuation Date and/or Averaging Date, as applicable. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such time 
is specified in respect of an FX Rate, the time with reference to which the FX Rate Sponsor 
calculates the closing rate of such FX Rate or such other time as the Calculation Agent may select 
and as notified to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time 
for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(b) 
Disrupted Days 
(i) 
Single FX Rate and FX Reference Dates 
Where the FX Linked Notes relate to a single FX Rate, and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any FX Reference Date in respect of such FX Rate is a Disrupted Day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such FX Reference Date in accordance 
with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms). 
(ii) 
FX Rate Basket and FX Reference Dates 
Where the FX Linked Notes relate to a basket of FX Rates, and if the Calculation Agent 
determines that any FX Reference Date in respect of one or more of such FX Rates is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such FX Reference 
Date is not a Disrupted Day, the FX Rate will be determined on such FX Reference 
Date from the relevant FX Price Source; and

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
148 
(B) 
for each FX Rate for which the Calculation Agent determines that such FX Reference 
Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent shall determine such FX Rate on such 
FX Reference Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied 
in accordance with its terms). 
(iii) 
FX Averaging Reference Dates 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that “FX Averaging Reference Dates — Omission” is 
applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that any FX Averaging Reference Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then such FX Averaging Reference Date will be deemed not to be a relevant 
FX Averaging Reference Date for the purposes of determining any amount payable under 
the FX Linked Notes or making any other determination thereunder, provided that, if through 
the operation of this provision there would not be any FX Averaging Reference Dates, then 
the final FX Averaging Reference Date will be deemed to be the sole FX Averaging 
Reference Date, and the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX Rate on such sole FX 
Averaging Reference Date in accordance with the first applicable Disruption Fallback 
(applied in accordance with its terms). 
(c) 
Fallback Valuation Date 
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Condition 9, if Fallback Valuation Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to be applicable to any FX Reference Date or any other relevant date (any 
such date being, for the purposes of this Condition 9(c), an “FX Relevant Date”) for an FX Rate, 
and if, following adjustment of such FX Relevant Date on account of the FX Scheduled Reference 
Date not being an FX Business Day (for the purposes of this Condition 9(c), an “Affected FX Rate”) 
the FX Relevant Date would otherwise fall after the specified Fallback Valuation Date in respect of 
such Affected FX Rate, then such Fallback Valuation Date shall be deemed to be such FX Relevant 
Date for such Affected FX Rate. 
If such Fallback Valuation Date is not an FX Business Day or is a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
Affected FX Rate, as the case may be, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith 
estimate of the value for such Affected FX Rate on such Fallback Valuation Date. 
(d) 
Corrections to published and displayed rates 
(i) 
In any case where an FX Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any other financial information service, the FX Rate will be subject 
to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently displayed by that source within one 
hour of the time when such rate is first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take into 
account such correction. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding Condition 9(d)(i) above, in any case where the FX Rate is based on 
information published or announced by any governmental authority in a relevant country, the 
FX Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, to that information subsequently published 
or announced by that source within five days of the relevant FX Reference Date, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to 
take into account such correction. 
(e) 
Successor Currency 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that “Successor Currency” is applicable in respect of an FX 
Rate, then: 
(i) 
each Reference Currency will be deemed to include any lawful successor currency to the 
Reference Currency (the “Successor Currency”);

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
149 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Issue Date but on or before any 
relevant date under the FX Linked Notes on which an amount may be payable, a country has 
lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the “Original Currency”), for a 
Successor Currency, then, for the purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original 
Currency or effecting settlement thereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to 
the Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of 
Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the 
exchange rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting the 
Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, 
conversion, redenomination or exchange took place, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If there is more than one such date, the date closest to such relevant date will be selected 
(or such other date as may be selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion); and 
(iii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent may (to the extent permitted by 
the applicable law), in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, select such other 
exchange rate or other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the 
Successor Currency and, will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, 
if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any 
other terms in respect of the FX Linked Notes to account for such elimination, conversion, 
redenomination or exchange of the Reference Currency. 
(f) 
Rebasing of FX Linked Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that “Rebasing” is applicable, then, if, on or prior to any FX 
Reference Date or any other relevant date, the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain a value for an 
FX Rate (because the Reference Currency and/or Base Currency ceases to exist, or for any other 
reason other than a temporary disruption, as determined by the Calculation Agent), the Calculation 
Agent may rebase the FX Linked Notes against another foreign exchange rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be a comparable foreign exchange rate. If 
the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that there is not such a 
comparable foreign exchange rate, the Issuer may elect to redeem the FX Linked Notes by notice 
to Holders on the date specified in the notice at the Early Redemption Amount of each FX Linked 
Note. 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified in the relevant Final Terms, then, if an Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment to the Final Redemption Amount or any other terms of the FX Linked 
Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for such Additional 
Disruption Event, and (B) determine the effective date of any adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the FX Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 
6(h). 
Any adjustment made in accordance with this Condition 9(g) shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 17.

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
150 
10 Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 10(f)(vi)) or Coupons (save as specified in 
Condition 10(f)(vi)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, Japanese yen, Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States, Australia and New Zealand by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency; 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, 
Australia and New Zealand by a cheque payable in euro drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in euro, in a city in which banks have access 
to TARGET; 
(iii) 
in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a bank in Japan (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of SIS Notes will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments in freely disposable Swiss francs 
without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and irrespective of nationality, 
domicile or residence of a holder of a Note or Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
The receipt by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich releases the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes and 
Coupons for the payment of interest and principal due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payment. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 10(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall 
be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office 
of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) 
below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 10(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown 
on the Register at the close of business (A) on the 15th day before the due date for payment 
thereof or (B) in the case of Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
in the case of a currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a bank mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register, provided that no such cheque will be

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
151 
mailed to an address in Australia. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of 
interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by 
the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case 
of euro, in a city in which banks have access to TARGET and, in the case of Japanese 
yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with a bank in Japan 
(in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for 
payment. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to such Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable hereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange Agent and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and its respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Exchange 
Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities or in one major European city and in London, (v) an Exchange 
Agent, (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which 
the Notes may be listed and (vii) in respect of SIS Notes only, a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in Switzerland (and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside 
Switzerland in relation to such SIS Notes).

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
152 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes, Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Index 
Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or FX Linked Notes), they should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 
years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 12). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, 
Inverse Floating Rate Note, CMS Linked Note, Range Accrual Note, Dual Currency Note, 
Index Linked Note, an Equity Linked Note or an FX Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
153 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 12). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
payment) until either: 
(A) 
the next following business day; or 
(B) 
the next following business day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment (or for any interest or other sum in 
respect of such payment) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. If, however, due to any reasonably unforeseen circumstances, any such 
adjusted payment date proves not to be a business day, such that the payment date 
falls in the next calendar month, the holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such payment) until the next following business day. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether Condition 10(h)(i)(A) or 10(h)(i)(B) is 
applicable. If neither Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Condition 10(h)(i)(A) 
shall apply. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 10(h) and Condition 10(i) below, “business day” means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as 
“Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which in the 
case of Australian Dollars shall be Sydney and in the case of New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Wellington); or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of payments in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong; or 
(C) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of Alternative Currency Equivalent 
Where Alternative Currency Equivalent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable 
to a Series of Notes, and (following a written request from the Issuer) the Alternative Currency 
Adjudication Agent determines that, by reason of an Original Currency Unavailability Event, it would 
be impossible, or in the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, commercially 
impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of the Original 
Currency in order to satisfy any payment obligation under the Notes in the Original Currency, the 
Issuer will be entitled to postpone payment by up to the Maximum Days of Postponement after the 
relevant payment date (or, if earlier, until the date on which the Original Currency Unavailability 
Event ceases to occur).  
If, following the expiry of the Maximum Days of Postponement, the Alternative Currency Adjudication 
Agent is of the opinion that the Original Currency Unavailability Event is continuing and as a result

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
154 
of which it is impossible, or in the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, 
commercially impracticable for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of 
the Original Currency in order to satisfy the relevant payment obligation in the Original Currency, 
the Issuer shall make payment in the Alternative Currency as soon as is commercially reasonable 
thereafter. The applicable exchange rate will be determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  
No additional interest or other sum is payable in respect of any postponement pursuant to this 
Condition 10(i) and any payment made by the Issuer under such circumstances in the Alternative 
Currency shall constitute valid payment and shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 
13. 
Upon the occurrence of an Original Currency Unavailability Event and the Alternative Currency 
Adjudication Agent making a determination that, by reason of such Original Currency Unavailability 
Event, it would be impossible, or in the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, be 
commercially impracticable for the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations in respect of the Notes 
when due in the Original Currency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 17 stating the occurrence of the Original Currency Unavailability Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
In making a determination in respect of any Original Currency Unavailability Event, neither the Issuer 
nor the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent shall have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Noteholders (whatever their number), and, in particular, but 
without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such determination for individual 
Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting from them being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer, the 
Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequences of any such determination upon individual Noteholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10(i): 
“Alternative Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or any 
lawful successor currency to that currency), or, if no Alternative Currency is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, U.S. Dollars; 
“Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent” means the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any lawful successor thereto); 
“Alternative Currency Calculation Agent” means the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any lawful successor thereto); 
“Maximum Days of Postponement” means the number of Business Days specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Original Currency” means the Specified Currency; and 
“Original Currency Unavailability Event” means, in respect of any payment obligation under the 
Notes, that the Original Currency is not available on the foreign exchange markets due to (i) the 
imposition of exchange controls, (ii) the Original Currency’s replacement or disuse or (iii) other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control, in each case as a result of which it is impossible, or in 
the opinion of the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent, commercially impracticable for the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates to obtain a sufficient amount of the Original Currency in order to satisfy 
such payment obligation.

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
155 
11 Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands (in the case of Rabobank, Rabobank Australia Branch and 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch), Australia (in the case of Rabobank Australia Branch) and New Zealand 
(in the case of Rabobank New Zealand Branch), or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon:  
(a) 
presented for payment in the country of incorporation of the Issuer (or, in the case of Rabobank 
Australia Branch, Australia, or, in the case of Rabobank New Zealand Branch, New Zealand) (each, 
as the case may be, a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”); 
(b) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of, or partly by 
reason of, such holder having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Issuer 
other than by reason only of holding such Note, Receipt or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant 
payment in respect thereof; 
(c) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction 
or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it), Receipt or Coupon is presented for payment; 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days; 
(e) 
if the Issuer and the relevant Dealer or Dealers in respect of any issue as set forth in the relevant 
Final Terms provide in the relevant Final Terms that the Notes are Domestic Notes for the purpose 
of this Condition 11;  
(f) 
if withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021); 
(g) 
in relation to Notes issued by Rabobank Australia Branch, if such Additional Amounts are payable 
by reason of the Noteholder: 
(i) 
being an associate of the Issuer for the purposes of section 128F(6) of the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1936 of Australia; 
(ii) 
failing to provide its tax file number, Australian business number or proof of a relevant 
exemption prior to the relevant Record Date for that payment; or 
(iii) 
being a resident of Australia or a non-resident of Australia acting through a permanent 
establishment in Australia and holding bearer Notes other than through a clearing house; or 
(h) 
in relation to New Zealand resident withholding tax paid or payable in respect of Notes issued by 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch.

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
156 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if 
earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note 
(or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all 
Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Automatic Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or 
any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition 11. 
The Issuer may, in its absolute discretion, register the Notes as “registered securities” for the 
purposes of Part 6B of the New Zealand Stamp and Cheque Duties Act 1971. Where the Issuer is lawfully 
able to pay an approved issuer levy in respect of a payment of interest to a relevant Noteholder in lieu of 
the deduction of New Zealand non-resident withholding tax, the Issuer will pay such approved issuer levy 
to the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department. No deduction or withholding on account of such approved 
issuer levy will be made from the interest payable to that Noteholder on account of that approved issuer 
levy. 
12 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five years from the date on which such payment first becomes due. 
13 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, the holder of any Note may, by 
written notice to the specified office of each of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer, declare such Note to be 
forthwith due and payable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) 
with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable, unless such 
Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such notice by the Issuer: 
(a) 
default by the Issuer is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect 
of any of the Notes; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such failure 
continues for the period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer becomes bankrupt, an administrator is appointed, or an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or administration of the Issuer (except for the 
purposes of a reconstruction or merger the terms of which have previously been approved by a 
meeting of Noteholders); or 
(d) 
the Issuer compromises with its creditors generally or such measures are officially decreed; or 
(e) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except for the purposes 
of a reconstruction or merger the terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting of 
the Noteholders).

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
157 
14 Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and substitutions 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date 
for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount 
of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce 
the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to 
reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the 
Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or any adjournment of such meeting or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, 
in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be 
binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution 
was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. 
So long as the Notes are represented by a global Note or a global Certificate and any such global 
Note is held on behalf of, or any global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee for, a 
clearing system, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of a resolution proposed by the 
Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding, in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(t) or Condition 5(u) to vary the method or basis of calculating 
the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to 
be made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(t), where the Issuer has delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(t)(v) or Condition 5(u).

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
158 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes, 
prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not 
reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Registrar or any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Exchange Agent, 
Calculation Agent or holder, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders. 
(c) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(i) 
The Issuer or any previous substitute of the Issuer under this Condition 14 may, and the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer or 
any previous substitute of the Issuer under this Condition 14 may, at any time, be substituted 
by any company (incorporated in any country in the world) controlling, controlled by or under 
common control with Rabobank as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes or to undertake 
its obligations in respect of the Notes through any of its branches (any such company or 
branch, the “Substituted Debtor”), provided that: 
(A) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted 
Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer or any previous substitute as aforesaid as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and 
(without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted 
Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder to be bound by these Conditions 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named in the Notes and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect 
of the Notes in place of the Issuer or any previous substitute as aforesaid; 
(B) 
without prejudice to the generality of sub-paragraph (A) above, where the Substituted 
Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other 
than the Netherlands (where the Issuer is Rabobank acting through its head office) or 
Australia (where the Issuer is Rabobank Australia Branch) or New Zealand (where the 
Issuer is Rabobank New Zealand Branch), or is undertaking its obligations with 
respect to the Notes through a branch in another such territory, the Documents shall 
contain a covenant and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that 
each Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the 
provisions of Condition 11 above with the substitution for the references to the 
Netherlands, Australia or New Zealand as appropriate (or any previously substituted 
territory as the case may be) with territories in which the Substituted Debtor is 
incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes or, where such Issuer is 
undertaking its obligations with respect to the Notes through a branch, with the 
addition of references to the territory in which such branch is located; 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation (I) that the Substituted 
Debtor and the Issuer (or any previous substitute as aforesaid) have obtained all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
159 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not Rabobank) for the giving by Rabobank of the 
Substitution Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor, that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by the 
Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals 
and consents are in full force and effect and (II) that the obligations assumed by the 
Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not Rabobank) the Substitution 
Guarantee (as defined below) given by Rabobank are each valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Noteholder and that, 
in the case of the Issuer undertaking its obligations with respect to the Notes through 
a branch, the Notes remain the valid and binding obligations of such Issuer; and 
(D) 
Condition 13 shall be deemed to be amended so that it shall also be an Event of 
Default under the said Condition if the Substitution Guarantee (as defined below) shall 
cease to be valid or binding on or enforceable against Rabobank. 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not Rabobank) upon the Documents becoming valid and 
binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, Rabobank hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by 
the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor (such guarantee of Rabobank herein referred 
to as the “Substitution Guarantee” and being substantially in the form of the Guarantee 
contained in Schedule 9 of the Agency Agreement, which shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
issues of Notes by the Substituted Debtor). 
(ii) 
Upon the Documents becoming valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and 
(if the Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer and subject to notice having been given 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (iv) below, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Notes and Coupons as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer (or 
of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes and Coupons shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents together with the notice referred to in sub-paragraph (iv) below shall, in the case 
of the substitution of any other company as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer as 
issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its obligations as principal debtor 
in respect of the Notes and Coupons. 
(iii) 
The Documents referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above shall be deposited with and held by 
the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Notes remain outstanding and for so long as any claim 
made against the Substituted Debtor or (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer 
by any Noteholder and Couponholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and (if the 
Substituted Debtor is not the Issuer) the Issuer acknowledge the right of every Noteholder to 
the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes and Coupons or 
the Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(v) 
For the purposes of this Condition 14, the term “control” means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a 
company, whether by contract or through the ownership, directly or indirectly, of voting shares 
in such company which, in the aggregate, entitle the holder thereof to elect a majority of its 
directors, and includes any company in relationship to such first-mentioned company, and, 
for this purpose, “voting shares” means shares in the capital of a company having under

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
160 
ordinary circumstances the right to elect the directors thereof, and “controlling”, “controlled” 
and “under common control” shall be construed accordingly. 
15 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case, of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar 
(in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to 
the Issuer on demand the amount payable by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes which have the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except for the Issue Price, 
the Issue Date, nominal amount, and the first Interest Payment Date) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
17 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be published in accordance with the procedure set 
out in this Condition 17 for Bearer Notes and shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long 
as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be 
published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), 
respectively. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English-language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and the United Kingdom. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
So long as any tranche of SIS Notes is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of the Notes will be validly given through the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent (a) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX 
Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/exchanges, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html), 
or 
(b) 
otherwise 
in 
accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange, in lieu of publication in the manner provided in 
the previous paragraph. Any notices so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of such first publication.

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
 
161 
Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents 
of any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 17. 
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the 
laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands (and, in the case of Rabobank with respect 
to Rule 144A Notes, the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in New York City, 
the Borough of Manhattan) are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any 
legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. These submissions are made for the benefit 
of each of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of 
any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of process 
Rabobank irrevocably appoints its New York branch at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10167 as its agent in New York to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in New York. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by Rabobank). If for any reason either 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in Utrecht or New York 
City, Rabobank irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately 
notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 17. Nothing shall affect the 
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, service of 
process upon Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands will also constitute 
service of process upon Rabobank Australia Branch or Rabobank New Zealand Branch, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
162 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-PREFERRED SENIOR NOTES 
The following, other than the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined herein) only, amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing 
each Series or the AMTNs. The final terms for this Non-Preferred Senior Note are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Non-Preferred Senior Note (or on the Certificate relating to 
this Non-Preferred Senior Note in the case of a Registered Note or an AMTN) which supplements these 
terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and, in the case of an Exempt Note, may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace 
or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Non-Preferred Senior Note. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References 
in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all Non-
Preferred Senior Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) dated 12 
May 2021, between Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or the “Issuer”), Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Covenant (as 
amended or supplemented at the Issue Date, the “Covenant”) dated 12 May 2021 executed by the Issuer 
and the fiscal agent in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”, and “Agent” shall 
mean any one of them. With respect to any Series of SIS Notes (as defined herein), the Issuer will appoint 
an issuing and principal paying agent and one or more paying agents having specified offices in 
Switzerland with respect to each Series (the “Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent” and the “Swiss 
Paying Agent(s)”, respectively) pursuant to a supplemental agency agreement. In connection therewith, 
references in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Issuing and 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all 
of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register (as defined herein) in evidence of which one or more AMTN Global Certificates (as 
defined herein) will be issued to the Holders registered in the Australian Register (and held on the Holder's 
behalf by Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) (“Citi”) as registrar (“Australian Registrar”, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar). The AMTNs are issued pursuant to an Australian Agency 
Agreement (as amended or supplemented at the date of issue of the AMTNs (the “Issue Date”), the 
“Australian Agency Agreement”) dated 12 May 2021, between the Issuer, Citi as Australian Registrar, 
fiscal agent and calculation agent (the “Australian Fiscal Agent” and the “Australian Calculation 
Agent”), and AMTNs will be issued with the benefit of the Covenant. In relation to AMTNs (and save as 
otherwise provided therein), a reference in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the Australian Fiscal Agent, a reference to the Calculation Agent shall be 
deemed a reference to the Australian Calculation Agent, and a reference to the Registrar or Register shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the Australian Registrar or Australian Register (as applicable). The Holders 
of AMTNs, are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Australian Agency Agreement 
applicable to them.

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
163 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Covenant are available upon reasonable request during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent. Copies of the Australian Agency Agreement are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Australian Registrar. As 
used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are 
(i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, first Interest Payment Dates, nominal amounts and/or Issue 
Prices. 
1 
Definitions 
(a) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant 
Condition in which such terms are used. 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Administrative Action” means any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, 
published or private ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) affecting taxation.  
“Alignment Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of any amendment to the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, the requisite features for Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations 
are different in any respect from the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
“AMTN” means a Note denominated in Australian dollars and issued pursuant to the Australian 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with Condition 2. 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect in the 
Netherlands and applicable to the Issuer (whether on an individual or consolidated basis) including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted 
by the Relevant Regulator (whether such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or 
policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer). 
“Austraclear” means Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 002 060 773) as operator of the Austraclear 
System, or its successor. 
“Austraclear Regulations” means the Operating Rules of Austraclear from time to time including 
the Austraclear Procedures, Determinations and Practice Notes (in each case as such terms are 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations). 
“Austraclear System” means the system operated by Austraclear in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. 
“Australian Calculation Agent” means Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) as calculation 
agent (or such other Australian Calculation Agent(s) as may be appointed under the Australian 
Agency Agreement from time to time either generally or in relation to a specific issue or Series of 
Notes); 
“Australian Corporations Act” means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of the Commonwealth of 
Australia.

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
164 
“Australian dollar”, “AUD” or “A$” means the Australian dollar, the currency of the Commonwealth 
of Australia. 
“Australian Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.  
“Authorised Signatories” means any two of the members of the Managing Board. 
“Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“BRRD" means the Directive (2014/59/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/879) 
and, as the context permits, any provision of Dutch law, including the Dutch Financial Markets 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) transposing or implementing such Directive. 
“Business Centre(s)” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the financial centres specified in the Final Terms; and 
(B) 
any of (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(if other than any financial centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of 
payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong.  
“Calculation Agent” means (i) in respect of Notes other than AMTNs, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch (ii) in respect of AMTNs, Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) (the “Australian 
Calculation Agent”) or (iii) if different, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any references to 
a Calculation Agent in respect of AMTNs shall be deemed to refer to the Australian Calculation 
Agent. 
“Calculation Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Certificates” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means, in respect of a clearing system, any day on which such 
clearing system is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
165 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “NL/365” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period dividend by 365 (or, if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period, one 
day less than the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365); 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )]+ [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case, D1 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
166 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
167 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year. 
(x) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” or “Australian Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(a) 
if the Calculation period constitutes an Interest Period, one divided by the number of 
Interest Payment Dates in a year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period does not constitute an Interest Period, the actual number of 
days of the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date. 
“Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Netherlands, relating 
to (i) the transposition into Dutch law of BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 48 thereof) as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
“Exempt Notes” means unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated 
market in the European Economic Area, where such Notes are, in addition, issued with a minimum 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or otherwise fall 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Reset Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is 
calculated by reference to Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(b)(iii). 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
168 
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“Holder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part, provided that if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 being rounded upwards); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, other than where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling, euro nor Renminbi, (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling two Business Days in Hong Kong prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH 
HIBOR). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date on which interest for the relevant period falls due, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of Notes unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
“Issue Price” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
169 
“Managing Board” means the managing board of the Issuer. 
“Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“MREL Compliant Notes” means securities that comply with the following (which compliance has 
been certified to the Fiscal Agent in a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
and delivered to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant substitution or variation): 
(a) 
such securities are issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
such securities rank equally with the ranking of the Notes or, in the case of an Alignment 
Event, rank as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations; 
(c) 
(without prejudice to (b) above) such securities have terms not materially less favourable to 
Noteholders than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in 
consultation with an independent adviser of recognised standing); 
(d) 
(without prejudice to (c) above) such securities (1) contain terms such that they comply with 
the then Applicable MREL Regulations in order to be eligible to qualify in full towards the 
Issuer’s MREL Eligible Liabilities; (2) bear the same rate of interest from time to time applying 
to the Notes and preserve the same interest payment dates; (3) do not contain terms 
providing for deferral of payments of interest and/or principal; (4) preserve the obligations 
(including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to redemption 
of the Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such 
redemption; (5) do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-
down or conversion to common equity tier 1 instruments (which excludes, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any contractual term recognising statutorily applicable write-down or conversion 
powers); and (6) preserve any existing rights to any accrued and unpaid interest and any 
other amounts payable under the Notes which has accrued to Noteholders and not been 
paid; 
(e) 
such securities are listed on the same stock exchange or market as the Notes or the 
regulated market of the London Stock Exchange or any EEA regulated market selected in 
good faith by the Issuer; and 
(f) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published rating solicited by 
the Issuer from one or more Rating Agencies immediately prior to their substitution or 
variation, such securities benefit from (or will, as announced, or otherwise confirmed in 
writing, by each such relevant Rating Agency, benefit from) an equal or higher published 
rating from each such Rating Agency as that which applied to the Notes. 
“MREL Disqualification Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any amendment 
to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after 
the Issue Date of the most recent Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the Relevant Regulator) are likely to become excluded, in whole or in part, from the Issuer’s 
and/or the Group’s MREL Eligible Liabilities as determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where 
such exclusion of the Notes in whole or in part from the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s MREL Eligible 
Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer and/or the Group or (ii) any 
applicable limitation on the amount of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
170 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the then Applicable 
MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on an individual or consolidated basis) under Applicable 
MREL Regulations. 
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or total loss-
absorbing capacity, in each case which is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer 
(whether on an individual or consolidated basis). 
“Note” means a Bearer Note, a Registered Note or an AMTN, as applicable. 
“Noteholder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means any of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
or their respective affiliates or successors.  
“Record Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(ii) for Registered Notes and 
Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of USD LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of 
four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in the case of determination of CNH HIBOR, the 
principal Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of BBSW, the principal Sydney office of four major banks in 
the Sydney inter-bank market and in the case of a determination of BKBM, the principal Wellington 
office of four major banks in the New Zealand inter-bank market, in each case, selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means USD LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CNH HIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, 
Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index Rate or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes only, such other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Register” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Registered Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of 
the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Relevant Regulator” means the European Central Bank and/or the European Single Resolution 
Board and/or such successor or other authority having for the time being primary supervisory 
authority and/or responsibility with regards to prudential, conduct and/or resolution matters in 
respect of the Issuer, as may be relevant in the context and circumstances.

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
171 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or such successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a service which may be used for the 
purposes of displaying an interest rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Resolution Authority" means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having 
resolution authority with respect to the Rabobank Group. 
“Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service” means the money rates monitor of the Reuters service. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
by reference to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B), 5(c)(iii)(D), 5(c)(iii)(E), 5(c)(iii)(F), 5(c)(iii)(G) and 5(c)(iii)(H). 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms linked to or referencing the Secured Overnight Funding Rate. 
“SIS Notes” means any Series of Notes which is denominated in Swiss francs and is deposited with 
SIX SIS AG (or such other depository as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” means a date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a date on which interest for the relevant period falls due. 
“TARGET” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which TARGET is open for business. 
“Tax Law Change” means (i) any amendment to, or clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties 
(or any regulations promulgated thereunder) of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, (ii) any Administrative Action or (iii) any amendment 
to, clarification of, or change in the official position of such Administrative Action or any 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action that differs 
from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
clarification or change is made known, which amendment, clarification or change is effective, or 
which pronouncement or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series. 
“Winding-Up” means, in respect of the Issuer, (i) its bankruptcy (faillissement) or (ii) its dissolution 
(ontbinding) as a result of its insolvency. 
(b) 
References to capitalised terms not defined in Condition 1(a) above are to those terms as defined 
in the first paragraph of the preamble to these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
172 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”), in each case, in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, a reference to Bearer Notes or Registered Notes does not include AMTNs. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, Fixed Rate Reset Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be a combination of any of the foregoing or any 
other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”), unless 
applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional formalities for transfer of title. Insofar as 
applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered Notes, the 
registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be), and “Holder” (in relation to a 
Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be). 
In the case of AMTNs, the following provisions shall prevail over the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 2 in the event of any inconsistency. 
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register, in evidence of which one or more Certificates will be issued to the Holders in whose 
name the AMTNs are registered in the Australian Register. 
Each AMTN is a debt obligation of the Issuer each Certificate issued in respect of AMTNs shall 
represent the entire holding of AMTNs by the same Holder. No other certificate or evidence of title 
(including notes in definitive form) shall be issued by or on behalf of the Issuer to evidence title to an AMTN 
unless the Issuer determines that any such other certificate or evidence of title should be made available 
or that it is required to do so under any applicable law or regulation. Certificates issued in respect of AMTNs 
are evidence of entitlement only. 
Title to the AMTNs passes by registration of the transfer in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Australian Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Australian Agency 
Agreement (the “Australian Register”). Insofar as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a 
valid transfer of title to the AMTNs, the registration of the transfer by the Australian Registrar shall constitute 
evidence of this notification. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Holder of any AMTN shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
173 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing 
on the Certificate representing it or the theft or loss of such AMTN Global Certificate and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the Holder. 
Upon a person acquiring title to an AMTN by virtue of becoming registered as the owner of that 
AMTN, all rights and entitlements arising in respect of that AMTN vest absolutely in the registered owner 
of the AMTN, so that no person who has previously been registered as the owner of the AMTN nor any 
other person has or is entitled to assert against the Issuer, the Australian Fiscal Agent, the Australian 
Calculation Agent or the Australian Registrar or the registered owner of the AMTN for the time being and 
from time to time any rights, benefits or entitlements in respect of the AMTN. 
Each inscription in the Australian Register in respect of an AMTN is: 
(i) 
sufficient and conclusive evidence to all persons and for all purposes that the person whose 
name is so inscribed is the registered owner of the AMTN; 
(ii) 
evidenced for the benefit of the relevant Holder by the Certificate; and 
(iii) 
evidence that the person whose name is so inscribed, as evidenced by the Certificate, is 
entitled to the benefit of an unconditional and irrevocable undertaking by the Issuer that the 
Issuer will make all payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Note in 
accordance with these Conditions. To the extent of any inconsistency between an inscription 
in the Australian Register and a Certificate, the inscription in the Australian Register shall 
prevail absent fraud or manifest error. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the making of, or the 
giving effect to, a manifest error in an inscription into the Australian Register will not avoid the constitution, 
issue or transfer of an AMTN. The Issuer will procure that the Australian Registrar must correct any 
manifest error of which it becomes aware and as soon as practicable record in/enter on the Australian 
Register any transfer of AMTNs notified to it. 
3 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent), duly completed and executed, 
together with any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Insofar 
as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor.  
(b) 
Additional provisions relating to the transfer of AMTNs 
(i) 
AMTNs may be transferred in whole but not in part. Unless lodged in the Austraclear System, 
AMTNs will be transferred by duly completed and (if applicable) stamped transfer and 
acceptance forms in the form specified by, and obtainable from, the Australian Registrar or 
by any other manner approved by the Issuer and the Australian Registrar. Each transfer and 
acceptance form must be signed by the transferor and transferee and be accompanied by 
such evidence (if any) as the Australian Registrar may require to prove the title of the

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
174 
transferor or the transferor’s right to transfer the AMTNs and that the form has been properly 
executed by both the transferor and transferee. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Australian Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the schedules to the Australian Agency 
Agreement). 
(ii) 
AMTNs entered in the Austraclear System will be transferable only in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. While an AMTN is lodged in the Austraclear System, neither the 
Issuer nor the Australian Registrar will recognise any such interest other than the interest of 
Austraclear as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(iii) 
The transferor of an AMTN remains the Holder of that AMTN until the name of the transferee 
is entered in the Australian Register in respect of that AMTN. 
(iv) 
A transfer of AMTNs to an unincorporated association is not possible and such purported 
transfer will be deemed invalid. This restriction is intended to have property law 
consequences (goederenrechtelijke werking). 
(v) 
A person becoming entitled to an AMTN as a consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a 
Holder or of a vesting order or a person administering the estate of a Holder may, upon 
producing such evidence as to that entitlement or status as the Australian Registrar considers 
sufficient, transfer the AMTN or, if so entitled, become registered as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(vi) 
Where the transferor executes a transfer of less than all AMTNs registered in its name, and 
the specific AMTNs to be transferred are not identified, the Australian Registrar may register 
the transfer in respect of such of the AMTNs registered in the name of the transferor as the 
Australian Registrar thinks fit, provided the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
registered as having been transferred equals the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
expressed to be transferred in the transfer. 
(vii) 
AMTNs may only be transferred if: 
(A) 
in the case of AMTNs to be transferred in, or into, Australia, the offer or invitation giving 
rise to the transfer: 
(i) 
is for a minimum amount payable of at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent in 
an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
Issuer or its associates to the subscriber) or the offer or invitation (including any 
resulting issue) does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 
6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(ii) 
does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the purposes of 
section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(B) 
at all times, the transfer complies with all applicable laws and directives of the 
jurisdiction where the transfer takes place. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(a) or Condition 3(b) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at 
the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant form of transfer, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
175 
in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement or, in respect of AMTNs, the 
Australian Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as 
it may specify. In this Condition 3(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration or transfer shall be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note or AMTN to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 6, (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption, or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii) for 
Registered Notes and as defined in Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs). 
4 
Status and Ranking 
(a) 
Status and ranking of the Notes  
The Notes and the Coupons relating to them qualify as, and comprise part of the class of, Statutory 
Non-Preferred Senior Obligations and constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and such Notes and Coupons shall rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves (save for certain mandatory exceptions provided by law). The claims of Holders in 
respect of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Coupons relating to them 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable law, rank:  
(i) 
in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred 
Senior Obligations (including excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of 
the CRR); 
(ii) 
in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, pari passu with any other Statutory Non-
Preferred Senior Obligations; and  
(iii) 
in the event of a Winding-Up of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations.  
Accordingly, payments to the Holders or Couponholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations have been satisfied in 
full.  
(b) 
No set-off or netting 
The Notes and Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Holders or Couponholders 
and no Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes or 
Coupons. To the extent that any Holder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of 
whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Holder or Couponholder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
176 
been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from 
the Notes or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the possibility of any set-
off or netting by a Holder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch law. 
(c) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4, “Junior Obligations” means any present or future claims in respect of 
obligations of the Issuer which, in a Winding-Up, rank by or under their own terms or otherwise as 
subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
(including Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations). 
Junior Obligations shall include claims in respect of any subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
including Dated Subordinated Notes.  
As used in this Condition 4, “Statutory Non-Preferred Senior Obligations” means any present or 
future claims in respect of unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which, in a bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, have a lower ranking within the meaning of article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision or act implementing Directive 2017/2399 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 in the Netherlands) than the claims 
in respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest 
Period may be greater or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Broken Amount. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
177 
In these Conditions: 
“Anniversary Date(s)” means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“dealing day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Reference Bond is at the relevant time listed) is 
ordinarily open for the trading of securities; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Final Terms, the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any); 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and adjusted as necessary, on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset 
Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is euro, for the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in euro which (i) has a term 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate 
Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap 
market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the six-month EURIBOR rate (calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. If the six-
month EURIBOR rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in Condition 5(i)), the six-month EURIBOR rate shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in U.S. dollars 
which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the 
relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the three-month USD LIBOR 
rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. If the three-month USD LIBOR rate cannot be obtained because of the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the three-month USD 
LIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); 
(iii) 
if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on an 
Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in 
Renminbi which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to 
that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis), unless as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. If the 12-month CNH HIBOR rate cannot be obtained because 
of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); and

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
178 
(iv) 
if the Specified Currency is not Sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or Renminbi, for the Fixed Leg 
(as set out in the Final Terms) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in that 
Specified Currency which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is 
equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a Floating Leg (as set out in the 
Final Terms). If a Floating Leg rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Floating Leg rate shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i),  
in the case of Exempt Notes only, in each case, as modified, amended or supplemented in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or annualised 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period specified in the Final Terms) 
as displayed on the Screen Page at 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment 
Dates are other than semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by, and in 
the manner determined by, the Calculation Agent), (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the Screen 
Page at such time and date, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate or (iii) in the case of Exempt 
Notes only, such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall 
be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Reference Bond for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered 
prices of such Reference Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following 
dealing day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation 
with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Rate Screen Page” means the Bloomberg screen specified in the Final Terms, 
or such other screen page as may replace it on Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on such other 
information service that may replace Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the person

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
179 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates, or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen page as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each of the 
Anniversary Dates (if any) as is specified in the Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, 
the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Reset Period or (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the 
principal financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate, 
(c) if Screen Page Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Screen Page 
Reference Bond Rate or (d) in respect of Exempt Notes only, such rate as is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-
Swap Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 
11:00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which in the case of Renminbi 
shall, for these purposes, be Hong Kong) on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least 
four quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean 
of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer or (ii) in the case 
of a Reference Bond Rate, five banks which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and 
their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Screen Page” means Reuters screen page “ICESWAP1”, “ICESWAP2”, “ICESWAP3”, 
“ICESWAP4”, “ICESWAP5” or “ICESWAP6” or such other page on Thomson Reuters as is specified 
in the Final Terms, or such other screen page as may replace it on Thomson Reuters or, as the 
case may be, on such other information service that may replace Thomson Reuters, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen page as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Screen Page Reference Bond Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, the generic bid yield for 
UK government bonds over the Reference Bond Rate Period, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date by reference to the Reference Bond Rate Screen

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
180 
Page or such successor, replacement or other screen page or section as may then display the 
relevant information at the relevant time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date to but 
excluding the next succeeding Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Swap Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, and for the purposes of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest Period may be greater 
or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
181 
Determination or any other method of determination which may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus a Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Index Rate 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, 
“Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SOFR”, “Weighted Average 
SOFR” or “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case of USD LIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR, 
11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR, 11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time) or 
if, at or around that time it is notified that the fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. 
(Hong Kong time), then as of 2.30 p.m. in the case of CNH HIBOR, 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time) in the case of BBSW or 10.45 a.m. (Auckland and Wellington 
time) in the case of BKBM, on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent plus or minus a Margin (if any). If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
182 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(w) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (v) (1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (v) (2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (ii) EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (iii) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (iv) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks, 
(v) CNH HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (vi) BBSW, the principal Sydney office of each of the Reference Banks 
or (vii) BKBM, the principal Wellington office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is (i) 
USD LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), (v) 
CNH HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (vi) BBSW, at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) or (vii) BKBM, at approximately 10.45 
a.m. (Auckland and Wellington time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(x) 
If paragraph (w) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), (iv) NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), (v) CNH HIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (vi) BBSW, at approximately 10.30 
a.m. (Sydney time) or (vii) BKBM, at approximately 10.45 a.m. (Auckland and 
Wellington time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD 
LIBOR, the London interbank market, (ii) EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, (iii) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, (iv) NIBOR, the Oslo 
inter-bank market, (v) CNH HIBOR, the Hong Kong inter-bank market, (vi) 
BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank market or (vii) BKBM, the New Zealand inter-
bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is (i)

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
183 
USD LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), (v) 
CNH HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (vi) BBSW, at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) or (vii) BKBM, at approximately 10.45 
a.m. (Auckland and Wellington time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
USD LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, (ii) EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, (iii) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, (iv) NIBOR, the 
Oslo inter-bank market, (v) CNH HIBOR, the Hong Kong inter-bank market, (vi) 
BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank market or (vii) BKBM, the New Zealand inter-
bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 
and provided that such failure is not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). If the Reference Rate cannot be determined because of the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Reference 
Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i). 
(y) 
Alternative Reference Rates: With respect of Exempt Notes only, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than USD LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, NIBOR, CNH HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the relevant Final Terms may 
specify that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined in 
accordance with such Reference Rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
(C) 
Bank Bill Rate Determination for AMTNs 
Where, in relation to an issue of AMTNs, Bank Bill Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the relevant 
Bank Bill Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), “Bank Bill Rate”, for an Interest Accrual 
Period, means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate administered by the 
ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) for a tenor closest to the Interest Accrual Period as displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the first day of that Interest Accrual Period as determined 
by the Australian Fiscal Agent. 
However, if the rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time) on that day, or if it is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page but the 
Australian Fiscal Agent determines that there is an obvious error in that rate, Bank Bill 
Rate means the rate determined by the Australian Fiscal Agent in good faith at

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
184 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) on that day, having regard, to the extent 
possible, to the mid rate of the rates otherwise bid and offered for bank accepted bills 
of that tenor at or around that time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) in relevant the 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day;

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
185 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five 
London Banking Days; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of 
each London Banking Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is specified, five 
London Banking Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the 
end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-
out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for such 
day; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
(w) 
If, subject to Condition 5(i), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the applicable SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads).

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
186 
(x) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(w), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in 
order to determine Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
€STR 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily €STR

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
187 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB 
(the “ECB's Website”) (in each case, on or before 11:00 a.m., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day); and

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
188 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day “i”. 
(w) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day 
for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the “ECB 
Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB's Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on 
such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
(x) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period);

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
189 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(z) 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
190 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Compounded Daily SOFR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
191 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in relevant the Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days); and 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero; 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in 
respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for 
such day.  
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context 
otherwise requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the 
following meanings: 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City;

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
192 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s website 
at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Event have not 
occurred under Condition 5(j), then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s website; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(G) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Weighted Average SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(F);  
“n” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
i falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
193 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, 
the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of 
such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
(H) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Compounded Index 
Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i) (in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate) or Condition 5(j) (in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate), be the compounded daily reference rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place (the “Compounded Index Rate”), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Compounded IndexEnd" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
"Compounded IndexStart" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
194 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards;  
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and five in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Funding Rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the FRBNY, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
In the case of the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(j), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SOFR 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(F) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SOFR Compounded Index” 
respectively. For such purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (iv) ‘360’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator.  
In the case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(i), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SONIA 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SONIA Compounded Index” 
respectively. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (iv) ‘365’ in the formula for

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
195 
Compounded Daily SONIA shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator and (v) the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(I) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available the next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that 
if there is no such rate available for a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount and 
rounding 
In the case of any Notes: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (A) generally, (B) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods or (C) in relation to one or more Reset Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods in the case of (B) or (C),

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
196 
calculated, in each case, in accordance with Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c) by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin; 
subject always (in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes only) to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the 
seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
respect of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period falling 
within the relevant Reset Period), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
197 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall, save in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate and Weighted Average SOFR for the purposes of Condition 5(c), 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5 but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 by the Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Paying Agents and all Holders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Holders, the 
Couponholders, the Paying Agents or the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid and such successor having accepted such appointment. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)). 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
198 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread in respect of the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only. Any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the determination of an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Condition 5(i)(i), provided that once the Issuer and (if appointed) the 
Independent Adviser have determined an Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall 
apply for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent Adviser has been 
appointed by the Issuer) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
199 
Condition 5(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(i) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. In accordance with Condition 14, notice shall be provided 
to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent shall promptly

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
200 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B)(w) 
and 5(c)(iii)(B)(x) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v).  
(vii) 
Qualification as MREL Compliant Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or to 
result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Reset Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes under the then Applicable MREL Regulations, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied), 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
201 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant 
public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes, (ii) the 6-month 
USD LIBOR rate, (iii) the 6-month EURIBOR rate, (iv) the 3-month USD LIBOR rate, (v) the

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
202 
12-month CNH HIBOR rate, (vi) the Floating Leg or (vii) any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 
5(i), as applicable. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is a SOFR Reference Rate, in addition 
and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, this Condition 5(j) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for such determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(j) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
i. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 5(j), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
203 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
ii. In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
as applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Issuer or its designee, prior to the date which is 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(j). 
iii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(iv) 
Qualification as MREL Compliant Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), no Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Conforming Changes will be adopted, 
nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to 
effect the Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant 
Series of Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or to result in the Relevant Regulator treating the 
next Reset Date as the effective maturity of the Notes under the then Applicable MREL 
Regulations, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as provided by 
the FRBNY, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate)) (“SOFR”); provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
204 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) in the case of sub paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
205 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
206 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount (which, (i) unless otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount and (ii) shall not be less than its nominal amount). 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi, if the Maturity Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date will be the next succeeding Business Day 
unless it would fall in the next calendar month in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Conditions to Redemption, Substitution, Variation and Purchase 
Any redemption, substitution, variation or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c), 
(d), (e), (f) or (h) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Relevant Regulator therefor (pursuant 
to the prior permission regime of Article 77 CRR or any other regulatory prior permission 
regime applicable from time to time), provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required to be given;  
(ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, 
purchase, substitution or variation as may be required by the Relevant Regulator or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time; and 
(iii) 
except in the case of any purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(f), the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, but in any event not less than five 
Business Days’ notice), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 
14, which notice shall be irrevocable. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption, substitution or variation pursuant to this 
Condition 6 (other than redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the relevant requirement or 
circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or, as applicable, vary is satisfied. 
(c) 
Issuer’s Call Option 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall not be less than the 
nominal amount of such Notes), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 6.

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
207 
(d) 
Redemption due to Taxation 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change the Issuer would be required to pay Additional Amounts with 
respect to the Notes, then the Issuer may, as its option, having delivered to the Fiscal Agent a copy 
of an opinion of an independent nationally recognised law firm in the Netherlands or other tax 
adviser in the Netherlands experienced in such matters to such effect , and having given the notice 
required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for redemption, which shall, in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, be on any Interest Payment Date or otherwise at any time, redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (which shall not be less than the nominal 
amount of such Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption due to MREL Disqualification Event 
If (i) MREL Disqualification Event Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having 
given the certification and notice required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for redemption, 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, on any Interest Payment Date or otherwise, at any time, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (which shall not be less than 
the nominal amount of such Notes). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, subject to Condition 6(b) and to applicable law and 
regulation (which at the Issue Date shall include, without limitation, the Applicable MREL 
Regulations), at any time purchase Notes in any manner and at any price, provided that the then 
applicable law and regulation (including, without limitation, the Applicable MREL Regulations) 
permits such purchase. If such repurchased Notes are to be cancelled in accordance with Condition 
6(g), they shall be purchased together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to them. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6, and any unmatured Coupons or 
Talons attached to or surrendered with them, will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes, Coupons and 
Talons purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar for cancellation, 
except as otherwise provided for by applicable laws. Notes, Coupons and Talons so surrendered 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes, Coupons or Talons shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Substitution and Variation 
If Substitution and Variation and/or Alignment Event are specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
an MREL Disqualification Event and/or, as applicable, an Alignment Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, at its option and having given the certification and notice required 
by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for such substitution or variation, substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders of such Series, so that the substituted 
notes are, or that the Notes remain, MREL Compliant Notes.  
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
208 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)) or Coupons (save as specified 
in Condition 7(g)(v)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, Japanese yen and Renminbi, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively); 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, at the specified office of any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in euro 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to TARGET; 
(iii) 
in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a bank in Japan (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of SIS Notes will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments in freely disposable Swiss francs 
without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and irrespective of nationality, 
domicile or residence of a holder of a Note or Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
The receipt by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich releases the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes and 
Coupons for the payment of interest and principal due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payment. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close 
of business (A) on the 15th day before the due date for payment thereof or (B) in the case of 
Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: in the case of a 
currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a bank 
mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may 
be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by the payee with 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to TARGET and, in the case of Japanese yen, the 
transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with a bank in Japan (in the 
case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
209 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for 
payment. 
(c) 
AMTNs 
All payments under an AMTN must be made by the Issuer or the Australian Fiscal Agent on its 
behalf: 
(i) 
if the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, by crediting, on the relevant date on 
which a payment is due, the amount then due to: 
(A) 
the account of Austraclear (as the Holder), in accordance with the Austraclear 
Regulations; or 
(B) 
if requested by Austraclear, the accounts of the persons in whose Security Record (as 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations) an AMTN is recorded, in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations; or 
(ii) 
if the AMTNs are not lodged in the Austraclear System, by transfer to the Australian dollar 
account maintained by the relevant Holder with a bank in Sydney as previously notified by 
the Holder to the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent. If the Holder has not notified the 
Issuer and Australian Fiscal Agent of such an account by close of business on the fifteenth 
calendar day, whether or not such fifteenth calendar day is a business day, before the 
relevant due date of the relevant payment of principal or interest (the “Record Date”), 
payments in respect of the relevant AMTNs will be made by cheque (drawn on a bank in 
Australia), mailed on the business day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment, 
at the Holder’s risk to the registered owner (or to the first named of joint registered owners) 
of such AMTNs at the address appearing in the Australian Register as at the close of 
business on the Record Date. Cheques to be despatched to the nominated address of a 
Holder will in such cases be deemed to have been received by the Holder on the relevant 
payment and no further amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant AMTNs 
as a result of payment not being received by the Holder on the due date, and in any such 
case, without prejudice to Condition 9.  
Payments will be subject to surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of the 
Register if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the AMTNs represented by such 
Certificates. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to such Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
210 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and its respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agent, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) for so long as required by the 
Austraclear Regulations, an Australian Fiscal Agent which has been and remains accepted by the 
Reserve Bank of Australia as a participant of the Reserve Bank Information and Transfer System 
and meets such other conditions as are imposed Austraclear from time to time, (iii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes and an Australian Registrar in relation to AMTNs, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities or in one major European city and in London, (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed and (vii) in respect of SIS Notes only, a Paying Agent having a specified office in Switzerland 
(and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside Switzerland in relation 
to such SIS Notes). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (a) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes, Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes or Fixed Rate Notes where the total value of the unmatured coupons 
appertaining thereto exceeds the nominal amount of such Note), they should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, a 
Fixed Rate Reset Note or (where the total value of the unmatured coupons exceeds the 
minimal amount of such Note) a Fixed Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
211 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such payment) 
until either: 
(A) 
the next following business day; or 
(B) 
the next following business day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment (or for any interest or other sum in 
respect of such payment) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. If, however, due to any reasonably unforeseen circumstances, any such 
adjusted payment date proves not to be a business day, such that the payment date 
falls in the next calendar month, the holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such payment) until the next following business day. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether Condition 7(i)(i)(A) or 7(i)(i)(B) is applicable. 
If neither Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Condition 7(i)(i)(A) shall apply. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 7(h), “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which in the 
case of Australian Dollars shall be Sydney and in the case of New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Wellington); or

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
212 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of payments in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong; or 
(C) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of interest and principal in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
interest (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received as interest by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
in respect of payment of any amount of principal; 
(b) 
presented for payment in the country of incorporation of the Issuer (the “Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction”); 
(c) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of, or partly by reason of, 
such holder having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Issuer other than 
by reason only of holding such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect 
thereof; 
(d) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction 
or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it) or Coupon is presented for payment;  
(e) 
if withholding or deduction is required pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021); or 
(f) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may 
be payable under this Condition 8. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
213 
five years from the date on which such payment first becomes due. There shall be no prescription period 
for Talons but there shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon 
the claims in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 7((g)). 
10 No Events of Default 
If the Issuer (i) becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the 
terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting of Holders), the Holder of any Note shall have 
a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 4 for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Notes 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer 
to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising 
from the Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or 
satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not 
satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall 
the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash 
or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.  
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 4 and this Condition 10, shall 
be available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons. 
Repayment under the Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (to the extent that such permission is required at such time pursuant 
to the Applicable MREL Regulations). 
11 Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement and (in the case of the AMTNs) the Australian Agency Agreement each 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if 
a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment 
or denomination of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment of such meeting or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (vii) to modify the provisions regarding the status or ranking of the Notes

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
214 
referred to in Condition 4, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and Australian Agency Agreement each provides that a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. 
Except in the case of AMTNs, so long as the Notes are represented by a global Note or a global 
Certificate and any such global Note is held on behalf of, or any global Certificate is registered in 
the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval 
of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through 
the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(i) or Condition 5(j) to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be 
made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(i), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(i)(v) or Condition 5(j). 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes, 
prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Australian Agency 
Agreement (in the case of AMTNs) or the Conditions, if to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Registrar or any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent, 
Noteholder or Couponholder, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders.  
The Australian Agency Agreement may be amended by the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Australian Registrar, Australian Calculation Agent or Noteholder for the 
purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision 
contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent may mutually 
deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the interests of the holders.

--- Page 215 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
215 
Any amendment to these Conditions is subject to the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission 
of the Relevant Regulator therefor (provided at the relevant time such permission is required to be 
given). 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent (in the case, of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time 
be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes which have the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except for the Issue Price, 
the Issue Date, nominal amount, and the first Interest Payment Date) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
14 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes and AMTNs shall be published in accordance with the 
procedure set out in this Condition 14 for Bearer Notes and shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Alternatively, notices to holders of AMTNs 
may be given by being published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Australia. It is 
expected that such notices will normally be published in the Australian Financial Review. Notices to the 
holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), respectively. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall 
be validly given if published in another leading daily English-language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe and the United Kingdom. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
So long as any tranche of SIS Notes is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of the Notes will be validly given through the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent (a) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX 
Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/exchanges, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html), 
or 
(b) 
otherwise 
in 
accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange, in lieu of publication in the manner provided in 
the previous paragraph. Any notices so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of such first publication.

--- Page 216 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
216 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15 Acknowledgement of Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder or Couponholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or Coupons), by 
its acquisition of the Notes and/or Coupons, each Noteholder and Couponholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or 
Couponholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect 
of the Notes; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by 
the Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Resolution Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority if 
and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result 
of such exercise. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Dutch 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, will 
be an event of default. 
Upon the exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. Failure to 
provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, the exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or give Noteholders or Couponholders any rights as a result 
of such failure. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands (and, in the case of Rabobank with respect 
to Rule 144A Notes, the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in New York City, 
the Borough of Manhattan) are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may

--- Page 217 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
 
217 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the 
Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of process 
Rabobank irrevocably appoints its New York branch at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10167 as its agent in New York to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in New York. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by Rabobank). If for any reason the 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in New York City, 
Rabobank irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to 
serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 218 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
218 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DATED SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following, other than the paragraphs in italics, is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion and, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined herein) only, amended and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes, in 
definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series or the AMTNs. 
The final terms for this Note are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note 
(or on the Certificate relating to this Note in the case of a Registered Note or an AMTN) which supplements 
these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) and, in the case of an Exempt Note, may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
Those definitions will be endorsed on the Definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References 
in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme. 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) dated 12 
May 2021, between Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. (“Rabobank” or the “Issuer”), Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it and with the benefit of a Covenant (as 
amended or supplemented at the Issue Date, the “Covenant”) dated 12 May 2021 executed by the Issuer 
and the fiscal agent in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Principal Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the 
Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”, and “Agent” shall 
mean any one of them. With respect to any Series of SIS Notes (as defined herein), the Issuer will appoint 
an issuing and principal paying agent and one or more paying agents having specified offices in 
Switzerland with respect to each Series (the “Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent” and the “Swiss 
Paying Agent(s)”, respectively) pursuant to a supplemental agency agreement. In connection therewith, 
references in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Issuing and 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons 
(the “Coupons”) relating to interest-bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) are deemed to have notice of all 
of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register (as defined herein) in evidence of which one or more AMTN Global Certificates (as 
defined herein) will be issued to the Holders registered in the Australian Register (and held on the Holder's 
behalf by Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) (“Citi”) as registrar (“Australian Registrar”, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar). The AMTNs are issued pursuant to an Australian Agency 
Agreement (as amended or supplemented at the date of issue of the AMTNs (the “Issue Date”), the 
“Australian Agency Agreement”) dated 12 May 2021, between the Issuer, Citi as Australian Registrar, 
fiscal agent and calculation agent (the “Australian Fiscal Agent” and the “Australian Calculation 
Agent”), and AMTNs will be issued with the benefit of the Covenant. In relation to AMTNs (and save as 
otherwise provided therein), a reference in these Conditions to the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the Australian Fiscal Agent, a reference to the Calculation Agent shall be 
deemed a reference to the Australian Calculation Agent, and a reference to the Registrar or Register shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the Australian Registrar or Australian Register (as applicable). The Holders 
of AMTNs, are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Australian Agency Agreement 
applicable to them.

--- Page 219 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
219 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Covenant are available upon reasonable request during 
normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agent. Copies of the Australian Agency Agreement are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Australian Registrar. 
As used in these Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including 
as to listing) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, first Interest Payment Dates, nominal 
amounts and/or Issue Prices. 
1 
Definitions 
(a) 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below. In addition, further defined terms are set out within the relevant 
Condition in which such terms are used. 
“Additional Amounts” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
“Administrative Action” means any judicial decision, official administrative pronouncement, 
published or private ruling, regulatory procedure, notice or announcement (including any notice or 
announcement of intent to adopt such procedures or regulations) affecting taxation.  
“Amending Act” means the Act implementing article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019. 
“AMTN” means a Note denominated in Australian dollars and issued pursuant to the Australian 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with Condition 2. 
“Austraclear” means Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 002 060 773) as operator of the Austraclear 
System, or its successor. 
“Austraclear Regulations” means the Operating Rules of Austraclear from time to time including 
the Austraclear Procedures, Determinations and Practice Notes (in each case as such terms are 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations). 
“Austraclear System” means the system operated by Austraclear in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. 
“Australian Calculation Agent” means Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) as calculation 
agent (or such other Australian Calculation Agent(s) as may be appointed under the Australian 
Agency Agreement from time to time either generally or in relation to a specific issue or Series of 
Notes); 
“Australian Corporations Act” means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of the Commonwealth of 
Australia. 
“Australian dollar”, “AUD” or “A$” means the Australian dollar, the currency of the Commonwealth 
of Australia. 
“Australian Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Authorised Signatories” means any two of the members of the Managing Board. 
“Bearer Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Broken Amount” means, in respect of any Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 220 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
220 
“Business Centre(s)” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the financial centres specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any of (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(if other than any financial centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in 
Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a public holiday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for business and settlement of 
payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong.  
“Calculation Agent” means (i) in respect of Notes other than AMTNs, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch (ii) in respect of AMTNs, Citigroup Pty Limited (ABN 88 004 325 080) (the “Australian 
Calculation Agent”) or (iii) if different, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any references to 
a Calculation Agent in respect of AMTNs shall be deemed to refer to the Australian Calculation 
Agent.  
“Calculation Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A “Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that as a result of a change on or after the relevant Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of Notes in a Series in the regulatory classification of the Notes under the Capital 
Regulations, the Notes have been or will be excluded from own funds or reclassified as own funds 
of lower quality (that is, no longer Tier 2 Capital) in whole. 
“Capital Regulations” means any requirements of Dutch law or contained in the regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament 
and the European Council, then in effect in the Netherlands relating to capital adequacy and 
applicable to the Issuer and the Rabobank Group, including but not limited to the CRD Directive and 
the CRR. 
“Certificates” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means, in respect of a clearing system, any day on which such 
clearing system is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.), or such other body or authority having primary supervisory authority 
with respect to the Issuer and the Rabobank Group and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable). 
“CRD Directive” means the Directive (2013/36/EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on the access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
pursuant to Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) 
and, as the context permits, any provision of Dutch law, including the Dutch Financial Markets 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) transposing or implementing such Directive.

--- Page 221 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
221 
“CRR” means the Regulation (EU No. 575/2013) of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended 
or replaced from time to time (including pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “NL/365” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period dividend by 365 (or, if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period, one 
day less than the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365); 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 x (Y2 - Y1 )]+ [30 x (M2 - M1 )]+(D2 - D1 )
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case, D1 will be 30;

--- Page 222 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
222 
(vii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
⌊360 x (Y2 - Y1)⌋ + [30 x (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and 
(y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 223 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
223 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any 
year; and 
(x) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” or “Australian Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
(A) 
if the Calculation period constitutes an Interest Period, one divided by the number of 
Interest Payment Dates in a year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period does not constitute an Interest Period, the actual number of 
days of the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of:  
(x) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to 
but excluding the next Determination Date.  
“Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, 
modification, suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Netherlands, relating 
to (i) the transposition into Dutch law of BRRD (including, without limitation, Article 48 thereof) as 
amended or replaced from time to time and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be 
reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other obligations of the 
Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
“Effective Date” means the date on which the Amending Act becomes effective in the Netherlands. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended 
by the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
“Exempt Notes” means unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated 
market in the European Economic Area, where such Notes are, in addition, issued with a minimum 
denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or otherwise fall 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(a).

--- Page 224 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
224 
“Fixed Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(a). 
“Fixed Rate Reset Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is 
calculated by reference to Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means a Rate of Interest calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b). 
“Floating Rate Note” means a Note in respect of which the amount of interest payable is calculated 
by reference to Condition 5(b)(iii). 
“Floating Rate Option” has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
“FRBNY” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“Holder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part, provided that if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, the Fixed 
Coupon Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest CNY0.01 (CNY0.005 being rounded upwards); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, other than where the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR, (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling, euro nor Renminbi, (iii) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro or (iv) the day falling two Business Days in Hong Kong prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the Reference Rate is CNH 
HIBOR). 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date on which interest for the relevant period falls due, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning

--- Page 225 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
225 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of Notes unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
“Issue Price” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Managing Board” means the managing board of the Issuer. 
“Margin” means the margin specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Note” means a Bearer Note, a Registered Note or an AMTN, as applicable. 
“Noteholder” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Record Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(ii) for Registered Notes and in 
Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of USD LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in the 
Stockholm inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of 
four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, in the case of determination of CNH HIBOR, the 
principal Hong Kong office of four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of BBSW, the principal Sydney office of four major banks in 
the Sydney inter-bank market and in the case of a determination of BKBM, the principal Wellington 
office of four major banks in the New Zealand inter-bank market, in each case, selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means USD LIBOR, EURIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA, STIBOR, NIBOR, 
CNH HIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index Rate, SONIA Compounded Index Rate or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes only, such other rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Register” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2. 
“Registered Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 2.  
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts and any other amounts due on or in respect of 
the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Resolution Authority. 
“Relevant Date” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 8.

--- Page 226 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
226 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or such successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a service which may be used for the 
purposes of displaying an interest rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“Renminbi” means the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
"Resolution Authority" means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having 
resolution authority with respect to the Rabobank Group.  
“Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service” means the money rates monitor of the Reuters service. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
by reference to Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B), 5(c)(iii)(D), 5(c)(iii)(E), 5(c)(iii)(F), 5(c)(iii)(G) and 5(c)(iii)(H).  
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“SOFR Reference Rate” means Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such other Reference Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms linked to or referencing the Secured Overnight Funding Rate. 
“Senior Creditors” means present or future (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
creditors in respect of unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance 
on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands) and excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR) and (b) 
creditors of the Issuer whose claims are or are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of other 
creditors of the Issuer (other than those whose claims are in respect of obligations which constitute  
Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital). 
References in these Terms and Conditions to Senior Creditors shall include holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes issued under the Programme. 
“SIS Notes” means any Series of Notes which is denominated in Swiss francs and is deposited with 
SIX SIS AG (or such other depository as is specified in the relevant Final Terms) and listed on the 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Interest Payment Date” means a date specified as an Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, being a date on which interest for the relevant period falls due. 
“Tax Law Change” means (i) any amendment to, or clarification of, or change in, the laws or treaties 
(or any regulations promulgated thereunder) of the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein affecting taxation, (ii) any Administrative Action or (iii) any amendment 
to, clarification of, or change in the official position of such Administrative Action or any 
pronouncement that provides for a position with respect to such Administrative Action that differs 
from the theretofore generally accepted position, in each case, by any legislative body, court, 
governmental authority or regulatory body, irrespective of the manner in which such amendment, 
clarification or change is made known, which amendment, clarification or change is effective, or 
which pronouncement or decision is announced, on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series. 
“TARGET” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto.

--- Page 227 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
227 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which TARGET is open for business. 
“Tier 1 Capital” has the meaning ascribed thereto (or to any equivalent terms) in the Capital 
Regulations from time to time. 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning ascribed thereto (or to any equivalent terms) in the Capital 
Regulations from time to time. 
“unit” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(iii). 
(b) 
References to capitalised terms not defined in Condition 1(a) above are to those terms as defined 
in the first paragraph of the preamble to these Conditions or in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes (other than the AMTNs) are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Notes”), in each case, in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
In these Conditions, a reference to Bearer Notes or Registered Notes does not include AMTNs. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, Fixed Rate Reset Note or a Floating Rate Note, depending 
upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be a combination of any of the foregoing or any 
other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto shall pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”), unless 
applicable law provides otherwise or provides for additional formalities for transfer of title. Insofar as 
applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered Notes, the 
registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. Except as ordered 
by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be), and “Holder” (in relation to a 
Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note or an AMTN is registered (as the case may be). 
In the case of AMTNs, the following provisions shall prevail over the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 2 in the event of any inconsistency. 
The AMTNs are issued in registered form and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register, in evidence of which one or more Certificates will be issued to the Holders in whose 
name the AMTNs are registered in the Australian Register. 
Each AMTN is a debt obligation of the Issuer each Certificate issued in respect of AMTNs shall 
represent the entire holding of AMTNs by the same Holder. No other certificate or evidence of title

--- Page 228 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
228 
(including notes in definitive form) shall be issued by or on behalf of the Issuer to evidence title to an AMTN 
unless the Issuer determines that any such other certificate or evidence of title should be made available 
or that it is required to do so under any applicable law or regulation. Certificates issued in respect of AMTNs 
are evidence of entitlement only. 
Title to the AMTNs passes by registration of the transfer in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Australian Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Australian Agency 
Agreement (the “Australian Register”). Insofar as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a 
valid transfer of title to the AMTNs, the registration of the transfer by the Australian Registrar shall constitute 
evidence of this notification. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Holder of any AMTN shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing 
on the Certificate representing it or the theft or loss of such AMTN Global Certificate and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the Holder. 
Upon a person acquiring title to an AMTN by virtue of becoming registered as the owner of that 
AMTN, all rights and entitlements arising in respect of that AMTN vest absolutely in the registered owner 
of the AMTN, so that no person who has previously been registered as the owner of the AMTN nor any 
other person has or is entitled to assert against the Issuer, the Australian Fiscal Agent, the Australian 
Calculation Agent or the Australian Registrar or the registered owner of the AMTN for the time being and 
from time to time any rights, benefits or entitlements in respect of the AMTN. 
Each inscription in the Australian Register in respect of an AMTN is: 
(i) 
sufficient and conclusive evidence to all persons and for all purposes that the person whose 
name is so inscribed is the registered owner of the AMTN; 
(ii) 
evidenced for the benefit of the relevant Holder by the Certificate; and 
(iii) 
evidence that the person whose name is so inscribed, as evidenced by the Certificate, is 
entitled to the benefit of an unconditional and irrevocable undertaking by the Issuer that the 
Issuer will make all payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Note in 
accordance with these Conditions. To the extent of any inconsistency between an inscription 
in the Australian Register and a Certificate, the inscription in the Australian Register shall 
prevail absent fraud or manifest error. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the making of, or the 
giving effect to, a manifest error in an inscription into the Australian Register will not avoid the constitution, 
issue or transfer of an AMTN. The Issuer will procure that the Australian Registrar must correct any 
manifest error of which it becomes aware and as soon as practicable record in/enter on the Australian 
Register any transfer of AMTNs notified to it. 
3 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or such other form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent), duly completed and executed, 
together with any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. Insofar 
as applicable law requires notification to the debtor for a valid transfer of title to the Registered 
Notes, the registration of the transfer by the Registrar shall constitute evidence of this notification. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, 
a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further

--- Page 229 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
229 
new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. 
(b) 
Additional provisions relating to the transfer of AMTNs 
(i) 
AMTNs may be transferred in whole but not in part. Unless lodged in the Austraclear System, 
AMTNs will be transferred by duly completed and (if applicable) stamped transfer and 
acceptance forms in the form specified by, and obtainable from, the Australian Registrar or 
by any other manner approved by the Issuer and the Australian Registrar. Each transfer and 
acceptance form must be signed by the transferor and transferee and be accompanied by 
such evidence (if any) as the Australian Registrar may require to prove the title of the 
transferor or the transferor’s right to transfer the AMTNs and that the form has been properly 
executed by both the transferor and transferee. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Australian Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in the schedules to the Australian Agency 
Agreement). 
(ii) 
AMTNs entered in the Austraclear System will be transferable only in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. While an AMTN is lodged in the Austraclear System, neither the 
Issuer nor the Australian Registrar will recognise any such interest other than the interest of 
Austraclear as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(iii) 
The transferor of an AMTN remains the Holder of that AMTN until the name of the transferee 
is entered in the Australian Register in respect of that AMTN. 
(iv) 
A transfer of AMTNs to an unincorporated association is not possible and such purported 
transfer will be deemed invalid. This restriction is intended to have property law 
consequences (goederenrechtelijke werking). 
(v) 
A person becoming entitled to an AMTN as a consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a 
Holder or of a vesting order or a person administering the estate of a Holder may, upon 
producing such evidence as to that entitlement or status as the Australian Registrar considers 
sufficient, transfer the AMTN or, if so entitled, become registered as the Holder of the AMTN. 
(vi) 
Where the transferor executes a transfer of less than all AMTNs registered in its name, and 
the specific AMTNs to be transferred are not identified, the Australian Registrar may register 
the transfer in respect of such of the AMTNs registered in the name of the transferor as the 
Australian Registrar thinks fit, provided the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
registered as having been transferred equals the aggregate principal amount of the AMTNs 
expressed to be transferred in the transfer. 
(vii) 
AMTNs may only be transferred if: 
(A) 
in the case of AMTNs to be transferred in, or into, Australia, the offer or invitation giving 
rise to the transfer: 
(i) 
is for a minimum amount payable of at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent in 
an alternative currency and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the 
Issuer or its associates to the subscriber) or the offer or invitation (including any 
resulting issue) does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 
6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
(ii) 
does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the purposes of 
section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act; and

--- Page 230 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
230 
(B) 
at all times, the transfer complies with all applicable laws and directives of the 
jurisdiction where the transfer takes place. 
(c) 
Delivery of new Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 3(a) or Condition 3(b) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the 
case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer shall have been made or, at 
the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant form of transfer, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays 
in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement or, in respect of AMTNs, the 
Australian Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as 
it may specify. In this Condition 3(c), “business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Exchange free of charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration or transfer shall be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note or AMTN to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 
days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 6, (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption, or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)(ii) for 
Registered Notes and as defined in Condition 7(c)(ii) for AMTNs). 
4 
Status and Subordination 
(a) 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The rights and 
claims of the Holders and Couponholders are subordinated as described in Condition 4(b). 
(b) 
Subordination 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law (including as a result of the Amending 
Act), the payment obligations under the Notes and Coupons constitute unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and shall, in the case of (a) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution (ontbinding) as a 
result of the insolvency of the Issuer, rank:  
(i) 
subordinated and junior to Senior Creditors of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer which constitutes or 
is eligible to constitute Tier 2 Capital; and  
(iii) 
senior to any other present or future obligation of the Issuer which constitutes or is eligible 
to constitute Tier 1 Capital.

--- Page 231 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
231 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to the Holders or Couponholders will, in the case of the 
bankruptcy or dissolution as a result of the insolvency of the Issuer, only be made after all payment 
obligations of Senior Creditors have been satisfied in full.  
From (and including) the Effective Date, the Notes and Coupons are intended to qualify as, and 
comprise part of, own funds having a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from 
an own funds item within the meaning of the Amending Act. 
(c) 
No set-off or netting 
Any right of set-off or netting by the Holder or Couponholder in respect of any amount owed to such 
Holder or Couponholder by the Issuer under or in connection with such Note or Coupon shall be 
excluded. The Notes and Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Holders or 
Couponholders and no Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-
off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Notes or Coupons. To the extent that any Holder or Couponholder nevertheless claims a right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and 
irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Holder or 
Couponholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can 
be derived from the Notes or Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement providing otherwise, the 
possibility of any set-off or netting by a Holder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by 
Dutch law. 
5 
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if the 
Specified Currency is Renminbi and any Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest 
Period may be greater or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(f). 
Except as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Broken Amount. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest,

--- Page 232 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
232 
payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
“Anniversary Date(s)” means each date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“dealing day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Reference Bond is at the relevant time listed) is 
ordinarily open for the trading of securities; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Final Terms, the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any); 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and adjusted as necessary, on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset 
Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is euro, for the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in euro which (i) has a term 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate 
Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap 
market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 6-month EURIBOR rate (calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. If the 6-
month EURIBOR rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in Condition 5(i)), the 6-month EURIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance 
with the terms of Condition 5(i); 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in U.S. dollars 
which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the 
relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 3-month USD LIBOR 
rate (calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis), unless as otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. If the 3-month USD LIBOR rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the 3-month USD LIBOR rate shall be 
calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); 
(iii) 
if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on an 
Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in 
Renminbi which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to 
that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 12-month CNH

--- Page 233 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
233 
HIBOR rate (calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis), unless as otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. If the 12-month CNH HIBOR rate cannot be obtained because 
of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the 12-month CNH 
HIBOR rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i); and 
(iv) 
if the Specified Currency is not Sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or Renminbi, for the Fixed Leg 
(as set out in the Final Terms) of a fixed for floating interest rate swap transaction in that 
Specified Currency which (i) has a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is 
equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period; (ii) is in an amount that is representative of 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a Floating Leg (as set out in the 
Final Terms). If a Floating Leg rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Floating Leg rate shall be calculated in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i),  
in the case of Exempt Notes only, in each case, as modified, amended or supplemented in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, (i) the applicable semi-annual or annualised 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Swap Rate Period specified in the Final Terms) 
as displayed on the Screen Page at 11.00 a.m. (in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date (which rate, if the relevant Interest Payment 
Dates are other than semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, shall be adjusted by, and in 
the manner determined by, the Calculation Agent), (ii) if such rate is not displayed on the Screen 
Page at such time and date, the relevant Reset Reference Bank Rate or (iii) in the case of Exempt 
Notes only, such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued by the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall 
be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Reference Bond for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered 
prices of such Reference Bond quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following 
dealing day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the 
rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation 
with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms;

--- Page 234 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
234 
“Reference Bond Rate Screen Page” means the Bloomberg screen specified in the Final Terms, 
or such other screen page as may replace it on Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on such other 
information service that may replace Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates, or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen page as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each of the 
Anniversary Dates (if any) as is specified in the Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, 
the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is euro, the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the Specified Currency is 
U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Reset Period or (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two Business Days in the 
principal financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate, (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate, 
(c) if Screen Page Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Screen Page 
Reference Bond Rate or (d) in respect of Exempt Notes only, such rate as is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-
Swap Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 
11:00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which in the case of Renminbi 
shall, for these purposes, be Hong Kong) on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least 
four quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean 
of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion;  
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer or (ii) in the case 
of a Reference Bond Rate, five banks which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and 
their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Screen Page” means Reuters screen page “ICESWAP1”, “ICESWAP2”, “ICESWAP3”, 
“ICESWAP4”, “ICESWAP5” or “ICESWAP6” or such other page on Thomson Reuters as is specified 
in the Final Terms, or such other screen page as may replace it on Thomson Reuters or, as the 
case may be, on such other information service that may replace Thomson Reuters, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates or, in respect of Exempt Notes only, such screen page as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 235 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
235 
“Screen Page Reference Bond Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, the generic bid yield for 
UK government bonds over the Reference Bond Rate Period, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date by reference to the Reference Bond Rate Screen 
Page or such successor, replacement or other screen page or section as may then display the 
relevant information at the relevant time; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset Date to but 
excluding the next succeeding Reset Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of the relevant Reset Rate plus the relevant Margin; 
“Swap Rate Period” means the period or periods specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as Specified Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are specified in the relevant Final Terms, and for the purposes of Notes other than Fixed 
Rate Notes, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. The Rate of Interest applicable to an Interest Period may be greater 
or less than the Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) 
each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 236 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
236 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate 
Determination or any other method of determination which may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms shall apply if specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus a Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(z) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Index Rate 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, 
“Compounded Daily €STR”, “Compounded Daily SOFR”, “Weighted Average 
SOFR” or “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 5(i) and as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time) in the case of USD LIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR, 
11.00 a.m. (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR, 11.15 a.m. (Hong Kong time) or 
if, at or around that time it is notified that the fixing will be published at 2.30 p.m. 
(Hong Kong time), then as of 2.30 p.m. in the case of CNH HIBOR, 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time) in the case of BBSW or 10.45 a.m. (Auckland and Wellington 
time) in the case of BKBM, on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent plus or minus a Margin (if any). If five or 
more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of

--- Page 237 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
237 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(w) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (v)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (v)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (ii) EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (iii) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (iv) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each of the Reference Banks, 
(v) CNH HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of each of the Reference 
Banks, (vi) BBSW, the principal Sydney office of each of the Reference Banks 
or (vii) BKBM, the principal Wellington office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is (i) 
USD LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), (v) 
CNH HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (vi) BBSW, at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) or (vii) BKBM, at approximately 10.45 
a.m. (Auckland and Wellington time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(x) 
If paragraph (w) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD LIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), (iv) NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), (v) CNH HIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (vi) BBSW, at approximately 10.30 
a.m. (Sydney time) or (vii) BKBM, at approximately 10.45 a.m. (Auckland and 
Wellington time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (i) USD 
LIBOR, the London interbank market, (ii) EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, (iii) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, (iv) NIBOR, the Oslo 
inter-bank market, (v) CNH HIBOR, the Hong Kong inter-bank market, (vi) 
BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank market or (vii) BKBM, the New Zealand inter-
bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates

--- Page 238 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
238 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
USD LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), (ii) EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), (iii) STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Stockholm time), (iv) NIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Oslo time), (v) 
CNH HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), (vi) BBSW, at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) or (vii) BKBM, at approximately 10.45 
a.m. (Auckland and Wellington time), on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
USD LIBOR, the London inter-bank market, (ii) EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, (iii) STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, (iv) NIBOR, the 
Oslo inter-bank market, (v) CNH HIBOR, the Hong Kong inter-bank market, (vi) 
BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank market or (vii) BKBM, the New Zealand inter-
bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph 
and provided that such failure is not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). If the Reference Rate cannot be determined because of the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(i)), the Reference 
Rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 5(i). 
(y) 
Alternative Reference Rates: With respect of Exempt Notes only, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being other than USD LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, NIBOR, CNH HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the relevant Final Terms may 
specify that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined in 
accordance with such Reference Rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
(C) 
Bank Bill Rate Determination for AMTNs 
Where, in relation to an issue of AMTNs, Bank Bill Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will be the relevant 
Bank Bill Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), “Bank Bill Rate”, for an Interest Accrual 
Period, means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate administered by the 
ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) for a tenor closest to the Interest Accrual Period as displayed on the 
Relevant Screen Page on the first day of that Interest Accrual Period as determined 
by the Australian Fiscal Agent. 
However, if the rate is not displayed on the Relevant Screen Page by 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time) on that day, or if it is displayed on the Relevant Screen Page but the

--- Page 239 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
239 
Australian Fiscal Agent determines that there is an obvious error in that rate, Bank Bill 
Rate means the rate determined by the Australian Fiscal Agent in good faith at 
approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) on that day, having regard, to the extent 
possible, to the mid rate of the rates otherwise bid and offered for bank accepted bills 
of that tenor at or around that time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SONIA”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily 
SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any Observation Period, the number 
of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as 
the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) in relevant the 
Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 240 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
240 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the end of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
“p” means the whole number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less than five 
London Banking Days; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; 
or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of 
each London Banking Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is specified, five 
London Banking Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment Date) until the 
end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-
out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SONIAi, where SONIAi is, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA reference rate for such 
day; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such 
London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
(w) 
If, subject to Condition 5(i), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the applicable SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate in respect 
of such London Banking Day shall be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank 
Rate”) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of

--- Page 241 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
241 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads). 
(x) 
Where the SONIA reference rate is being determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(w), if the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA 
reference rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions 
from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for any London Banking Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(y) 
To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement are required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in 
order to determine Compounded Daily SONIA, the Calculation Agent shall have no 
obligation to act until such amendments or modifications have been made in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Agency Agreement.  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period); 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(z) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
€STR 
(v) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily €STR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest

--- Page 242 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
242 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i), be Compounded Daily €STR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷X 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, and including, the last 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following 
TARGET Settlement Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, being no less than five TARGET Settlement Days; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET 
Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the ECB 
(the “ECB's Website”) (in each case, on or before 11:00 a.m., Central European Time, 
on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day); and

--- Page 243 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
243 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET 
Settlement Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET 
Settlement Day “i”. 
(w) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day 
for which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day 
as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in 
the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references 
to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the ECB or another administrator) (the “ECB 
Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were 
references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published 
on the ECB's Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, 
then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on 
such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
(x) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 5(i), the Rate of Interest shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period);

--- Page 244 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
244 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(y) 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 10, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
10, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(z) 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or 
any successor administrator of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 245 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
245 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof. 
(F) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Compounded Daily SOFR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest

--- Page 246 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
246 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in relevant the Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“p” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days); and 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero; 
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
up to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; or 
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in 
respect of such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for 
such day.  
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context 
otherwise requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the 
following meanings: 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City;

--- Page 247 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
247 
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s website 
at 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Event have not 
occurred under Condition 5(j), then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the FRBNY’s website; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.  
(G) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average 
SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Weighted Average SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(j), be Weighted Average SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin. 
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 5(b)(iii)(F);  
“n” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i: 
(1) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
i falling p U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day;  
(2) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in

--- Page 248 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
248 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each 
relevant Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, 
the SOFR determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of 
such “Lock-out date”; or 
(3) 
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method, the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i. 
(H) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing a Compounded Index 
Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 5(i) (in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate) or Condition 5(j) (in the case of the 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate), be the compounded daily reference rate for such 
Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place (the “Compounded Index Rate”), all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Compounded IndexEnd" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
"Compounded IndexStart" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 249 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
249 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards;  
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and five in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily Secured Overnight 
Funding Rate, as published at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) by the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR) on the website of the FRBNY, or any successor 
source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SOFR 
Compounded Index; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means the Compounded Index Rate where the 
Compounded Index used to calculate the Compounded Index Rate is the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
In the case of the SOFR Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(j), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SOFR 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(F) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SOFR Compounded Index” 
respectively. For such purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SOFR, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number and (iv) ‘360’ in the formula for 
Compounded Daily SOFR shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator.  
In the case of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, subject to Condition 5(i), if with 
respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the Compounded IndexStart value and/or 
Compounded IndexEnd value is not published as prescribed in the definition of ‘SONIA 
Compounded Index’ above, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) as if the 
Reference Rate and Compounded Index specified in the applicable Final Terms were 
not specified as being “Compounded Index Rate” and “SONIA Compounded Index” 
respectively. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
Compounded Daily SONIA, (ii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to be ‘Shift’ 
(iii) ‘p’ shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (iv) ‘365’ in the formula for

--- Page 250 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
250 
Compounded Daily SONIA shall be deemed to instead be the Numerator and (v) the 
Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) 
any other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the 
period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 13, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 
13, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate 
of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to 
accrue thereon as provided in Condition 5(d). 
(I) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where “Screen Rate 
Determination” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where “ISDA Determination” is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available the next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however, that 
if there is no such rate available for a period of time shorter or, as the case may be, 
longer than the relevant Interest Accrual Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period 
of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, 
the Designated Maturity. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount and 
rounding 
In the case of any Notes: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (A) generally, (B) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods or (C) in relation to one or more Reset Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the case of (A), or the Rates of Interest 
for the specified Interest Accrual Periods or Reset Periods in the case of (B) or (C),

--- Page 251 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
251 
calculated, in each case, in accordance with Condition 5(b) or Condition 5(c) by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin; 
subject always (in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes only) to the 
next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), (A) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one-hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.0000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (B) all figures shall be rounded to 
seven significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a five or greater, the 
seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (C) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply, save 
that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
respect of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period falling 
within the relevant Reset Period), obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of 
the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the

--- Page 252 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
252 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall, save in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate and Weighted Average SOFR for the purposes of Condition 5(c), 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 5 but no 
publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 by the Calculation Agent shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Paying Agents and all Holders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Fiscal Agent and Registrar, the Holders, the 
Couponholders, the Paying Agents or the Issuer shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act 
as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid and such successor having accepted such appointment. 
(i) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than a SOFR 
Reference Rate) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to advise the Issuer in determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(i)(iv)). 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(i) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant 
to this Condition 5(i).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Issuer fails to determine 
a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(i) 
prior to the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal

--- Page 253 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
253 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant 
next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, the first 
paragraph of this Condition 5(i)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) and acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(i)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment 
Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent 
Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), is unable to determine the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread in respect of the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only. Any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the determination of an Adjustment Spread in accordance with the first 
paragraph of Condition 5(i)(i), provided that once the Issuer and (if appointed) the 
Independent Adviser have determined an Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall 
apply for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(i) and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such Independent Adviser has been 
appointed by the Issuer), determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with

--- Page 254 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
254 
Condition 5(i)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(i)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(i) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions.  
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(i) will be notified at least 10 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Calculation Agent. In accordance with Condition 14, notice shall be provided 
to the Noteholders promptly thereafter. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the 
specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(i); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to 
rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in 
the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s, 
the Calculation Agent’s or the Paying Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion 
there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5(i), the Calculation Agent shall promptly

--- Page 255 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
255 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(i) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(B)(w) 
and 5(c)(iii)(B)(x) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 5(i)(v).  
(vii) 
Qualification as Tier 2 Capital 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(i), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to 
the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or to result in the 
Competent Authority treating the next Reset Date as the effective maturity of the Notes under 
the then Capital Regulations, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(i): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) 
(B) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer determines that no 
such spread is customarily applied) 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer), determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with Condition 5(i)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary

--- Page 256 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
256 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(F) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market,  
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (F) above, on the date with effect from 
which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant 
public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly 
notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have 
any responsibility for making such determination.  
“business day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open 
for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(i)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means (i) the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes, (ii) the 6-month 
USD LIBOR rate, (iii) the 6-month EURIBOR rate, (iv) the 3-month USD LIBOR rate, (v) the

--- Page 257 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
257 
12-month CNH HIBOR rate, (vi) the Floating Leg or (vii) any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate which replaces the Original Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 
5(i), as applicable. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(j) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the relevant Reference Rate applicable to the Notes is a SOFR Reference Rate, in addition 
and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5, this Condition 5(j) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for such determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser (only if such 
Independent Adviser has been appointed by the Issuer) in respect of any changes or 
amendments as contemplated under this Condition 5(j) to which, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations 
i. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 5(j), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, 
as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the

--- Page 258 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
258 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent 
from the Noteholders or any other party. 
ii. In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
as applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Issuer or its designee, prior to the date which is 10 Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5(j). 
iii. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 5(j), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own 
gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(iv) 
Qualification as Tier 2 Capital 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(j), no Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Conforming Changes will be adopted, 
nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to 
effect the Benchmark Replacement, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant 
Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or to result in the Competent Authority treating the next 
Reset Date as the effective maturity of the Notes under the then Capital Regulations, rather 
than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(j): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (as provided by 
the FRBNY, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate)) (“SOFR”); provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to 
the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark

--- Page 259 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
259 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Issuer or its designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion of such 
market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) in the case of sub paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of

--- Page 260 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
260 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B) in the case of sub-paragraph (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if 
the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 261 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
261 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve and/or the FRBNY, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
6 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at its Final Redemption Amount (which, (i) unless otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount and (ii) shall not be less than its nominal amount). 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes where the Specified Currency is Renminbi, if the Maturity Date falls 
on a day which is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date will be the next succeeding Business Day 
unless it would fall in the next calendar month in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(b) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase 
Any redemption or purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c), (d), (e) or (f) is subject 
to: 
(i) 
the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority therefor 
(pursuant to the prior permission regime of Article 77 CRR or any other regulatory prior 
permission regime applicable from time to time), provided that at the relevant time such 
permission is required to be given; 
(ii) 
both at the time of, and immediately following, the redemption or purchase, the Issuer being 
in compliance with its capital requirements as provided in the Capital Regulations applicable 
to it from time to time (and a certificate from the Authorised Signatories confirming such 
compliance shall be conclusive evidence of such compliance); 
(iii) 
except in the case of any purchase of the Notes in accordance with Condition 6(f), the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Holders (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, but in any event not less than five 
Business Days’ notice), the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents in accordance with Condition 
14, which notice shall be irrevocable;  
(iv) 
if and to the extent then required under prevailing Capital Regulations, either: (A) the Issuer 
having replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or (B) the Issuer having demonstrated 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the 
Issuer would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum capital 
requirements (including any applicable buffer requirements) by a margin (calculated in 
accordance with applicable Capital Regulations) that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(v) 
in respect of a redemption or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the 
most recent Tranche of Notes in a Series, if and to the extent then required under prevailing 
Capital Regulations: (A) in the case of redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Law Change, 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change 
in applicable tax treatment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date 
of the most recent Tranche of Notes in a Series; (B) in the case of redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, (x) the Competent Authority considers that the change in the

--- Page 262 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
262 
regulatory classification of the Notes is sufficiently certain and (y) the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the most 
recent Tranche of Notes in a Series, (C) the Issuer having replaced the Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer, and the Competent Authority having permitted such action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances or (D) in the case of a purchase pursuant to Condition 6(f), (i) the 
Issuer having before or at the same time as such purchase, replaced the Notes with own 
funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer, and the Competent Authority having permitted such action on the basis 
of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances or (ii) the Notes are being purchased for market-making purposes 
in accordance with prevailing Capital Regulations. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of such redemption or purchase, the prevailing 
Capital Regulations permit the repayment or purchase only after compliance with one or more 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out in this Condition 6(b), the Issuer shall, in the 
alternative or in addition to the foregoing (as required by the Capital Requirements) comply with 
such other and/or (as appropriate) additional pre-condition(s). 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6 (other than 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c)), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by the Authorised Signatories stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving 
rise to the right to redeem is satisfied. 
(c) 
Issuer’s Call Option 
If Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which shall not be less than the 
nominal amount of such Notes), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 6. 
(d) 
Redemption due to Taxation 
If as a result of a Tax Law Change that causes a change in the tax treatment of the Notes: 
(i) 
in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series, the Issuer will be required to pay Additional Amounts with 
respect to payments on the Notes; or  
(ii) 
in respect of a redemption following the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of Notes in a Series, there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will be 
required to pay Additional Amounts with respect to payments on the Notes; or  
(iii) 
interest payable on the Notes when paid would not be deductible by the Issuer for 
Netherlands corporate income tax liability purposes,  
then the Issuer may, as its option, having delivered to the Fiscal Agent a copy of an opinion of an 
independent nationally recognised law firm in the Netherlands or other tax adviser in the 
Netherlands experienced in such matters to the effect set out in sub-paragraph (a), (b) or (c) (as 
applicable), and having given the notice required by Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for

--- Page 263 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
263 
redemption, at any time, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (which shall not be less than the nominal amount of such Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption for Regulatory Purposes 
If (i) Regulatory Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) a Capital Event has occurred 
and is continuing, then the Issuer may, as its option, and having given the notice required by 
Condition 6(b) specifying the date fixed for redemption, at any time, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (which shall not be less than the nominal amount of 
such Notes). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may, subject to Condition 6(b) and to applicable law and 
regulation (which at the Issue Date shall include, without limitation, the CRD Directive and the CRR), 
at any time purchase Notes in any manner and at any price. If such purchased Notes are to be 
cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(g), they shall be purchased together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons relating to them. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 6, and any unmatured Coupons or 
Talons attached to or surrendered with them, will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes, Coupons and 
Talons purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be held, reissued, 
resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar for cancellation, 
except as otherwise provided for by applicable laws. Notes, Coupons and Talons so surrendered 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes, Coupons or Talons shall be discharged. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(v)) or Coupons (save as specified 
in Condition 7(g)(v)), as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, Japanese yen, Renminbi, at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Wellington, respectively); 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, at the specified office of any Paying Agent by a cheque payable in euro 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to TARGET; 
(iii) 
in the case of Japanese yen, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with a bank in Japan (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the 
Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of SIS Notes will be made irrespective of any present 
or future transfer restrictions and without regard to any bilateral or multilateral payment or clearing 
agreement which may be applicable at the time of such payments in freely disposable Swiss francs

--- Page 264 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
264 
without collection costs in Switzerland and without any restrictions and irrespective of nationality, 
domicile or residence of a holder of a Note or Coupon and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. 
The receipt by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of 
the funds in Swiss francs in Zurich releases the Issuer from its obligations under the Notes and 
Coupons for the payment of interest and principal due on the respective payment dates to the extent 
of such payment. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the close 
of business (A) on the 15th day before the due date for payment thereof or (B) in the case of 
Renminbi, on the fifth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made: 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: in the case of a 
currency other than Renminbi, in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a bank 
mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may 
be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency specified by the payee with 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to TARGET and, in the case of Japanese yen, the 
transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with a bank in Japan (in the 
case of payment to a non-resident of Japan); and 
(B) 
in the case of Renminbi, by transfer to the registered account maintained by or on 
behalf of the Noteholder with a bank in Hong Kong, details of which appear on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifth business day before the due date for 
payment. 
(c) 
AMTNs 
All payments under an AMTN must be made by the Issuer or the Australian Fiscal Agent on its 
behalf: 
(i) 
if the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System, by crediting, on the relevant date on 
which a payment is due, the amount then due to: 
(A) 
the account of Austraclear (as the Holder), in accordance with the Austraclear 
Regulations; or 
(B) 
if requested by Austraclear, the accounts of the persons in whose Security Record (as 
defined in the Austraclear Regulations) an AMTN is recorded, in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations; or 
(ii) 
if the AMTNs are not lodged in the Austraclear System, by transfer to the Australian dollar 
account maintained by the relevant Holder with a bank in Sydney as previously notified by 
the Holder to the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent. If the Holder has not notified the

--- Page 265 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
265 
Issuer and Australian Fiscal Agent of such an account by close of business on the fifteenth 
calendar day, whether or not such fifteenth calendar day is a business day, before the 
relevant due date of the relevant payment of principal or interest (the “Record Date”), 
payments in respect of the relevant AMTNs will be made by cheque (drawn on a bank in 
Australia), mailed on the business day immediately preceding the relevant date for payment, 
at the Holder’s risk to the registered owner (or to the first named of joint registered owners) 
of such AMTNs at the address appearing in the Australian Register as at the close of 
business on the Record Date. Cheques to be despatched to the nominated address of a 
Holder will in such cases be deemed to have been received by the Holder on the relevant 
payment and no further amount will be payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant AMTNs 
as a result of payment not being received by the Holder on the due date, and in any such 
case, without prejudice to Condition 9.  
Payments will be subject to surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of the 
Register if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the AMTNs represented by such 
Certificates. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to such Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and its respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agent, provided 
that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) for so long as required by the 
Austraclear Regulations, an Australian Fiscal Agent which has been and remains accepted by the 
Reserve Bank of Australia as a participant of the Reserve Bank Information and Transfer System 
and meets such other conditions as are imposed Austraclear from time to time, (iii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes and an Australian Registrar in relation to AMTNs, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in

--- Page 266 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
266 
at least two major European cities or in one major European city and in London, (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be 
listed and (vii) in respect of SIS Notes only, a Paying Agent having a specified office in Switzerland 
(and will at no time maintain a Paying Agent having a specified office outside Switzerland in relation 
to such SIS Notes). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in sub-paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes, Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes or Fixed Rate Notes where the total value of the unmatured coupons 
appertaining thereto exceeds the nominal amount of such Note), they should be surrendered 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due 
for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, a 
Fixed Rate Reset Note or (where the total value of the unmatured coupons exceeds the 
minimal amount of such Note) a Fixed Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to it, and where any Bearer Note 
is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be.

--- Page 267 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
267 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such payment) 
until either: 
(A) 
the next following business day; or 
(B) 
the next following business day, unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment (or for any interest or other sum in 
respect of such payment) shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. If, however, due to any reasonably unforeseen circumstances, any such 
adjusted payment date proves not to be a business day, such that the payment date 
falls in the next calendar month, the holder shall not be entitled to payment (nor to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such payment) until the next following business day. 
The relevant Final Terms shall specify whether Condition 7(i)(i)(A) or 7(i)(i)(B) is applicable. 
If neither Condition is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Condition 7(i)(i)(A) shall apply. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 7(i), “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro or Renminbi) where payment 
is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which in the 
case of Australian Dollars shall be Sydney and in the case of New Zealand Dollars 
shall be Wellington); or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Renminbi) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business and settlement of payments in Renminbi in 
Hong Kong; or 
(C) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
All payments of interest and principal in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within the Netherlands, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts of 
interest (the “Additional Amounts”) as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received as interest by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
in respect of payment of any amount of principal;

--- Page 268 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
268 
(b) 
presented for payment in the country of incorporation of the Issuer (the “Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction”); 
(c) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within such 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of, or partly by reason of, 
such holder having some connection with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction of the Issuer other than 
by reason only of holding such Note or Coupon or the receipt of the relevant payment in respect 
thereof; 
(d) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction 
or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Note (or the 
Certificate representing it) or Coupon is presented for payment;  
(e) 
if withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(f) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting the same for 
payment on the expiry of such period of 30 days. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative 
Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and “interest” shall be deemed to include any Additional Amounts that may 
be payable under this Condition 8. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years from the date on which such payment first becomes due. There shall be no prescription period 
for Talons but there shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued in exchange for a Talon any Coupon 
the claim in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or 7(g). 
10 No Events of Default 
If the Issuer (i) becomes bankrupt (failliet) or (ii) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purposes of a reconstruction or merger the 
terms of which have previously been approved by a meeting of Holders), the Holder of any Note shall have 
a claim which ranks as provided in Condition 4 for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Notes 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest to the date of payment. However, Holders may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
Save as provided above, the sole remedy available to Holders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer 
to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising 
from the Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or 
satisfaction of any interest payments in respect of the Notes or the Coupons, in each case when not

--- Page 269 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
269 
satisfied for a period of 14 or more days after the date on which such payment is due, but in no event shall 
the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash 
or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.  
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in Condition 4 and this Condition 10, shall 
be available to the Holders, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons. 
Repayment under the Notes will only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority (to the extent that such permission is required at such time pursuant 
to the Capital Regulations). 
11 Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement and (in the case of the AMTNs) the Australian Agency Agreement each 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless 
the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of any of the Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts 
on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if 
a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown in the relevant Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) to vary the currency or currencies of payment 
or denomination of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any 
meeting of Noteholders or any adjournment of such meeting or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (vii) to modify the provisions regarding the status or ranking of the Notes 
referred to in Condition 4, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and Australian Agency Agreement each provides that a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Noteholders. 
Except in the case of AMTNs, so long as the Notes are represented by a global Note or a global 
Certificate and any such global Note is held on behalf of, or any global Certificate is registered in 
the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval 
of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated through

--- Page 270 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
270 
the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their 
operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding, in accordance with the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 5(i) or Condition 5(j) to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes or for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be 
made in the circumstances described in Condition 5(i), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate pursuant to Condition 5(i)(v) or Condition 5(j). 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes, 
prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series, by the terms of the relevant Final Terms 
in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, the Australian Agency 
Agreement (in the case of AMTNs) or the Conditions, if to do so could not reasonably be expected 
to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement and the Conditions may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Registrar or any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent, 
Noteholder or Couponholder, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or 
supplementing any defective provision contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent may mutually deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the 
interests of the holders.  
The Australian Agency Agreement may be amended by the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent, 
without the consent of the Australian Registrar, Australian Calculation Agent or Noteholder for the 
purpose of curing any ambiguity or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision 
contained therein or in any manner which the Issuer and the Australian Fiscal Agent may mutually 
deem necessary or desirable and which does not adversely affect the interests of the holders. 
Any amendment to these Conditions is subject to the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority therefor (provided at the relevant time such permission is required to be 
given). 
12 Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent (in the case, of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time 
be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by such Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as such 
Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 271 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
271 
13 Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes which have the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except for the Issue Price, 
the Issue Date, nominal amount, and the first Interest Payment Date) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
14 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes and AMTNs shall be published in accordance with the 
procedure set out in this Condition 14 for Bearer Notes and shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Alternatively, notices to holders of AMTNs 
may be given by being published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Australia. It is 
expected that such notices will normally be published in the Australian Financial Review. Notices to the 
holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, notices to holders of the Notes shall also be published either on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort), respectively. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall 
be validly given if published in another leading daily English-language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe and the United Kingdom. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
So long as any tranche of SIS Notes is listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of 
SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in respect of the Notes will be validly given through the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent (a) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX 
Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/exchanges, where notices are currently published under 
https://www.six-group.com/exchanges/news/official_notices/search_en.html), 
or 
(b) 
otherwise 
in 
accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange, in lieu of publication in the manner provided in 
the previous paragraph. Any notices so given shall be deemed to have been validly given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of such first publication. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15 Acknowledgement of Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder or Couponholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or Coupons), by 
its acquisition of the Notes and/or Coupons, each Noteholder and Couponholder acknowledges and 
accepts that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Dutch Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be 
bound by: (a) the effect of the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder or 
Couponholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of the terms of the Notes; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect

--- Page 272 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes 
 
272 
of the Notes; and (iv) the amendment or alteration of the nature of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and (b) the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by 
the Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Resolution Authority. 
No repayment or payment of Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes will become due and payable or 
be paid after the exercise of any Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority if 
and to the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result 
of such exercise. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Relevant Amounts, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Dutch 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, will 
be an event of default. 
Upon the exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers. Failure to 
provide such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, the exercise 
of the Dutch Statutory Loss Absorption Powers or give Noteholders or Couponholders any rights as a result 
of such failure. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands (and, in the case of Rabobank with respect 
to Rule 144A Notes, the United States Federal and New York State courts sitting in New York City, 
the Borough of Manhattan) are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action 
or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) 
may be brought in such courts. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the 
Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any 
other court of competent jurisdiction. 
(c) 
Service of process 
Rabobank irrevocably appoints its New York branch at 245 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10167 as its agent in New York to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any 
Proceedings in New York. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to the relevant 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by Rabobank). If for any reason the 
process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in New York City, 
Rabobank irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall immediately notify 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall affect the right to 
serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 273 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
273 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial issue of Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form will be initially represented by a Global Note, in bearer form 
without Coupons, which will be deposited on behalf of the subscribers of the relevant Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms not to be issued in NGN form, in the case 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche; or 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms not to be issued in NGN form, in the case 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through an Alternative Clearing System (as defined in 3.2.2 
below), the Global Notes will be deposited as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes; or 
(c) 
if the Global Notes are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
In the case of (c) above, or in the case of Global Certificates to be held under the NSS (as the case 
may be) depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
No interest will be payable in respect of a temporary Global Note except as provided below. Each 
Tranche of Notes in registered form will be represented by Certificates and may be represented by a Global 
Certificate. 
Upon deposit of the temporary Global Note(s) (if the Global Note(s) are in CGN form) with the 
Common Depositary or registration of the Registered Notes (in respect of Global Certificates which are not 
held under the NSS) in the name of the nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Upon deposit of the temporary Global Note(s) (if the Global Note(s) are in NGN form), the nominal 
amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system 
at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Certificate which is not held under the NSS and registration of 
Registered Notes in the name of a nominee for DTC and delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to a 
custodian for DTC, DTC will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Any payment due in respect of a Global Note or a Global Certificate will be made to each of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC in respect of the portion of the Global Note or a Global 
Certificate held for its account. An accountholder with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg with an interest 
in a temporary Global Note will be required, in order to have credited to its account any portion of any 
payment, to present a certificate in the form set out in the Agency Agreement substantially to the effect 
that the beneficial owner of the relevant interest in the Global Note is not within the United States or a U.S. 
person as such terms are defined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder.

--- Page 274 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
274 
2 
Relationship of accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any 
other clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may be) for 
his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the 
Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, 
as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
3.1.1 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with TEFRA 
C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “Overview of the 
Programme –Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined 
and described below; and 
3.1.2 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note 
or Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided below under “Partial Exchange of permanent Global 
Notes”, in part for Definitive Notes or, in the case of 3.2.1 below, Registered Notes: 
3.2.1 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for 
Registered Notes; and 
3.2.2 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by 
the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
3.3 
Unrestricted Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Unrestricted Notes are to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of such Notes represented by any Unrestricted Global

--- Page 275 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
275 
Certificate pursuant to (i) Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) 
Condition 3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated 
Notes may only be made in part: 
3.3.1 
if such Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
3.3.2 
if principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due; or 
3.3.3 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3.3.1 or 3.3.2 above, the 
person entered in the Register as holder of the relevant Registered Notes (“Registered Holder”) has given 
the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to 
effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Restricted Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank are to be represented by a 
Restricted Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by that Restricted 
Global Certificate pursuant to (i) Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
or (ii) Condition 3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated 
Subordinated Notes may only be made in part: 
3.4.1 
if such Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System (except for DTC) and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
3.4.2 
if such Notes are held on behalf of a custodian for DTC and if DTC notifies the Issuer that it 
is no longer willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect 
to that Restricted Global Certificate or DTC ceases to be a “clearing agency” registered under 
the Exchange Act or is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable 
to locate a qualified successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the 
part of DTC; or 
3.4.3 
if principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due; or 
3.4.4 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to 3.4.1 or 3.4.2 above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. Individual Certificates issued in exchange for a 
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate shall bear the legend applicable to such Notes as set 
out under “Transfer Restrictions”. 
3.5 
Partial exchange of permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the 
part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes (i) if 
principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due or (ii) if so provided in, and in accordance with, the 
Conditions (which will be set out in the relevant Final Terms) relating to Partly Paid Notes.

--- Page 276 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
276 
3.6 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer 
will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or 
procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the 
whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent 
exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or 
(ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and/or Certificates, as the case may be, or if the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer will procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which 
such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in 
respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). 
Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the 
Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3.7 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after completion of the distribution of the Tranche of which such Note is a part and, in relation to 
a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered 
Notes five days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after 
that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing 
system is located. 
3.8 
Legend 
Each Global Note and any Bearer Note, Talon, Coupon or Receipt will bear the following legend: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code.” 
The sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 referred to in the legend provide that a 
United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not be permitted to deduct any loss, and will not be 
eligible for capital gains treatment with respect to any gain realised on any sale, exchange or redemption 
of Bearer Notes or any related Talons, Coupons or Receipts. 
In the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank, each Restricted Global Certificate and each 
Certificate issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate will bear a legend 
applicable to purchasers who purchase the Registered Notes pursuant to Rule 144A as described under 
“Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 277 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
277 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they 
represent, some of which modify the effect of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions as set forth in the Global Notes and, 
where indicated, the Global Certificates: 
4.1 
Payments 
4.1.1 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in 
compliance with TEFRA D before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation 
of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form will 
be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or 
such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If 
the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each 
Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been 
made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is an NGN or if the Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under an NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the 
records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of 
any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 10(h) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and the Dated Subordinated Notes. 
4.1.2 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, 
or in the name of a nominee for, DTC and denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. Dollars will be made or procured to be made by the Fiscal Agent in the Specified 
Currency in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts in such Specified 
Currency payable by the Fiscal Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to Registered Notes 
held by DTC or its nominee will be received from the Issuer by the Fiscal Agent who will make 
payments in such Specified Currency by wire transfer of same day funds to the designated 
bank account in such Specified Currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the 
relevant payment who have made an irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of interest 
payments, on or prior to the third DTC business day after the DTC Record Date (as defined 
below under “Record date in respect of Registered Notes”) for the relevant payment of 
interest and, in the case of payments or principal, at least 12 DTC business days prior to the 
relevant payment date, to receive that payment in such Specified Currency. The Fiscal Agent, 
after the Exchange Agent has converted amounts in such Specified Currency into U.S. 
Dollars, will cause the Exchange Agent to deliver such U.S. Dollar amount in same day funds 
to DTC for payment through its settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to 
receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such Specified 
Currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such conversions are to be 
made. “DTC business day” means any day on which DTC is open for business.

--- Page 278 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
278 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which such 
payment first becomes due. 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being 
two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled 
to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising 
such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required to be cancelled 
will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and 
Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders 
within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise 
of an option and, accordingly, no drawing of Notes shall be required. If any option of the Issuer is exercised 
in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system 
in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be) (with such partial redemption to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent 
set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except 
that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the 
option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is 
exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
Where the Global Note is an NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.

--- Page 279 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
279 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any 
such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become 
due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and Condition 10 of each of the Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of 
such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when 
due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for 
direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of a Covenant executed by the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent on 12 May 2021 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global Note or 
one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or such 
Registered Notes represented by such Global Certificate, as the case may be, as accountholders with a 
clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, 
the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept by the Registrar will become void as 
to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such election may be made 
in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the 
holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused. 
4.10 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to Noteholders on the day on which it is 
delivered to the relevant clearing system. In addition, so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, notices 
shall also be published in the Euronext Daily Official List and a daily newspaper having general circulation 
in the Netherlands and/or either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort). 
4.11 Record Date in respect of Registered Notes 
Each payment in respect of Registered Notes while in global form, other than Registered Notes 
which are to be cleared through DTC, will be made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered 
on the Register at the close of business on the Record Date which shall be:  
4.11.1 except the case of Registered Notes which are to be cleared through DTC, on the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing System 
Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive, except 25 December and 1 January; and 
4.11.2 in the case of Registered Notes which are to be cleared through DTC, on the 15th DTC 
business day before the due date for payment thereof (the “DTC Record Date”).

--- Page 280 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
280 
5 
Partly Paid Notes 
The provisions relating to Partly Paid Notes are not set out in this Base Prospectus, but will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms and thereby in the Global Notes. While any instalments of the 
subscription moneys due from the holder of Partly Paid Notes are overdue, no interest in a Global Note 
representing such Notes may be exchanged for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive 
Notes (as the case may be). If any Noteholder fails to pay any instalment due on any Partly Paid Notes 
within the time specified, the Issuer may forfeit such Notes (subject to the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms and relevant provisions of law) and shall have no further obligation to their holder in respect of them. 
6 
AMTNs 
6.1 
Austraclear 
AMTNs will be issued in registered form only, and their issue will be reflected by inscription in the 
Australian Register in evidence of which an AMTN Global Certificate will be issued to the Australian 
Register to be held on behalf of the Holders registered in the Australian Register. AMTNs will be registered 
in the name of Austraclear for so long as the AMTNs are lodged in the Austraclear System.  
On issue of any AMTNs, the Issuer may, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, procure that 
the AMTNs are entered into the clearance and settlement system (Austraclear System) operated by 
Austraclear. On entry, Austraclear will become the sole registered Noteholder and legal owner of the 
AMTNs. Subject to the rules and regulations known as the Austraclear Regulations established by 
Austraclear (as amended or replaced from time to time) to govern the use of the Austraclear System, 
together with any directions or instructions, participants of the Austraclear System (“Accountholders”) 
may acquire rights against Austraclear in relation to those AMTNs as beneficial owners and Austraclear is 
required to deal with the AMTNs in accordance with the directions and instructions of the Accountholders. 
Any potential investors who are not Accountholders would need to hold their interest in the relevant AMTNs 
through a nominee who is an Accountholder. All payments by the Issuer in respect of AMTNs entered in 
the Austraclear System will be made directly to an account agreed with Austraclear or as it directs in 
accordance with the Austraclear Regulations. 
6.2 
Holding of AMTNs through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
On entry in the Austraclear System, interests in the AMTNs may be held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. In these circumstances, entitlements in respect of holdings of interests in the 
AMTNs in Euroclear would be held in the Austraclear System by HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) 
Limited as nominee of Euroclear, while entitlements in respect of holdings of interests in the AMTNs in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg would be held in the Austraclear System by JP Morgan Nominees Australia 
Limited as nominee of Clearstream, Luxembourg. The rights of a holder of interests in AMTNs held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are subject to the respective rules and regulations of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the arrangements between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their respective nominees and the Austraclear Regulations. 
6.3 
Transfers 
Any transfer of AMTNs will be subject to the Australian Corporations Act and the other requirements 
set out in the Conditions and, where the AMTNs are entered in the Austraclear System, the Austraclear 
Regulations. Secondary market sales of AMTNs settled in the Austraclear System will be settled in 
accordance with the Austraclear Regulations. 
6.4 
Relationship of Accountholders with Austraclear 
Accountholders who acquire an interest in AMTNs entered in the Austraclear System must look 
solely to Austraclear for their rights in relation to such AMTNs and will have no claim directly against the

--- Page 281 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
281 
Issuer in respect of such AMTNs although under the Austraclear Regulations, Austraclear may direct the 
Issuer to make payments direct to the relevant Accountholders. 
Where Austraclear is registered as Holder of any AMTNs that are lodged in the Austraclear System, 
Austraclear may, where specified in the Austraclear Regulations, transfer the AMTNs to the person in 
whose Security Record (as defined in the Austraclear Regulations) those AMTNs are recorded and, as a 
consequence, remove those AMTNs from the Austraclear System. 
Potential investors in AMTNs should inform themselves of, and satisfy themselves with, the 
Austraclear Regulations and (where applicable) the rules of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the arrangements between them and their nominees in the Austraclear System. 
7 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then:  
7.1.1 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an 
“Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including 
matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting 
for which the Special Quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not they participated 
in such Electronic Consent; and  
7.1.2 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant 
clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, 
even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by 
the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s 
CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document 
to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic.

--- Page 282 ---
Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form 
 
282 
8 
SIS Notes 
Each Series of SIS Notes will be documented in the form of a permanent Global Note (the “Swiss 
Permanent Global Note”). The Swiss Permanent Global Note will be substantially in the form agreed by 
the Issuer and the relevant Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent, as set out in any supplemental 
agency agreement entered into in connection with the relevant Series. 
The Swiss Permanent Global Note shall be deposited by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent with SIX SIS Ltd or any other intermediary in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX 
Swiss Exchange (SIX SIS Ltd or any such other intermediary, the “Intermediary”). Once the Swiss 
Permanent Global Note is deposited with the Intermediary and entered into the accounts of one or more 
participants of the Intermediary, the Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) 
(“Intermediated Securities”) in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz). 
Neither the Issuer nor the SIS Noteholders (as defined below) shall at any time have the right to 
effect or demand the conversion of the Permanent Global Note (Globalurkunde) into, or the delivery of, 
uncertificated securities (Wertrechte) or Definitive Notes (Wertpapiere). 
The records of the Intermediary will determine the number of Notes held through each participant 
of that Intermediary. In respect of Notes held in the form of Intermediated Securities, the holders of such 
Notes (the “SIS Noteholders”) will be the persons holding the SIS Notes in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their name, or in case of intermediaries (Verwatirungsstellen), the 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding the SIS Notes for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) which is in their name. 
No physical delivery of the Notes represented by a SIS Note shall be made unless and until 
Definitive Notes shall have been printed. Notes may only be printed, in whole, but not in part, if the Issuing 
and Principal Swiss Paying Agent determines, in its sole discretion, that the printing of the Definitive Notes 
is necessary or useful or if the presentation of Definitive Notes is required by Swiss or other applicable 
laws and regulations in connection with the enforcement of rights of Noteholders. Should the Issuing and 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent so determine, it shall provide for the printing of Definitive Notes without cost 
to the SIS Noteholders. If printed, the Definitive Notes shall be issued in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement and the rules and regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange. Where Definitive Notes are delivered, 
the Swiss Global Note will immediately be cancelled by the Issuing and Principal Swiss Paying Agent and 
the Definitive Notes shall be delivered to the relevant holders against cancellation of the relevant Notes in 
such holders' securities accounts.

--- Page 283 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
283 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issues of the Senior Preferred Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
will be used by the Issuer in connection with its banking business, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
The net proceeds from the issues of the Dated Subordinated Notes will be used by the Issuer in 
connection with its general banking business and to strengthen its capital base, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms with respect to a specific Tranche of Notes. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued under the Sustainable Funding 
Framework  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability  Bond may be used to allocate funds to an eligible project under a sub-framework in 
accordance with the Rabobank Sustainable Funding Framework. The Rabobank Sustainable Funding 
Framework 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.rabobank.com/nl/investors/funding/greenandsustainabilitybond/index.html.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rabobank Green Bond Framework has not been and will not be 
incorporated by reference in and, therefore, does not and will not form part of this Base Prospectus. Each 
transaction under the Rabobank Sustainable Funding Framework initiated by the Issuer will include eligible 
projects from only one of the sub-frameworks as set out below to avoid mixed use of proceeds in one 
financial instrument.  
The Rabobank Sustainable Funding Framework incorporates the following sub-frameworks with 
proceeds to be allocated to eligible projects thereunder: 
(a) 
Sub-Framework I – Renewable Energy: a loan portfolio of new and/or ongoing wind and solar 
energy projects; 
(b) 
Sub-Framework II – Green Commercial Real Estate: mortgage loans for real estate used for 
commercial purposes in the Netherlands that received an Energy Performance Certificate 
(“ECP”) label A or higher as distributed by the Netherlands Enterprise Agency (Rijksdienst 
voor Ondernemend Nederland); 
(c) 
Sub-Framework III – Healthcare and Care Facilities: a portfolio of loans provided to physical 
and mental healthcare services (e.g. medical hospitals, psychiatric and substance abuse 
facilities) and to care centers (e.g. community care facilities for the elderly and people with 
disabilities); and 
(d) 
Sub-Framework IV – Covid-19 Crisis Support to SMEs: new Covid-19 support loans provided 
to Dutch small and medium-sized enterprises ("SME") to offer additional liquidity, and existing 
loans to SMEs with an extended redemption period offered by the Issuer. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection with regard to Sub-Framework I 
The Issuer’s dedicated project finance department is responsible for the financing of renewable 
energy projects. In collaboration with the sustainability department, recommendations to the treasury 
department are made as to which eligible projects should be allocated to the portfolio on an annual basis. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection with regard to Sub-Framework II 
The Issuer's local banks and wholesale departments are responsible for providing loans to clients 
and conducting sustainability assessment. The Tribe Business lending team, supported by the sector 
management teams, ensures information on energy labels is available for all mortgages. Together with the

--- Page 284 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
284 
Issuer's sustainability department, the Tribe Business lending team will make recommendations to the 
treasury department on an annual basis on the eligible projects to be included in the eligible portfolio. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection with regard to Sub-Framework III 
The Issuer's local banks and departments that service large corporates handle day-to-day operations, 
provide loans to clients and conduct sustainability assessment. The dedicated (health) care sector 
management team collects data on loans provided and makes, in collaboration with the sustainability 
department, annual recommendations to the treasury department on the basis of which eligible projects 
are included in the portfolio of eligible projects. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection with regard to Sub-Framework IV 
The Issuer's local banks are responsible for providing loans to SME clients who face difficulties due 
to the Covid-19 crisis, and for conducting sustainability assessments. The Issuer's sustainability 
department makes recommendations to treasury on an annual basis on the eligible projects to be included 
in the eligible portfolio. 
The below paragraphs "Management of Proceeds" and (the method of) "Reporting" are similar for 
and apply to each of the above-mentioned sub-frameworks. 
Management of Proceeds 
As long as sustainable funding is outstanding, the proceeds will be balanced by a matching amount 
of loans to eligible projects on a portfolio basis. The Issuer maintains a healthy buffer of assets over 
liabilities of at least 130 per cent. This is intended to ensure compliance even when loans are impacted 
unexpectedly or in case of maturity mismatches. The Issuer will hold and/or invest, at its own discretion, in 
its liquidity portfolio, the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated to eligible projects. The Issuer ensures 
that the systems and processes as specified above meet their requirements over the lifetime of the Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. 
Reporting 
Reporting on the total value of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds outstanding 
and the percentage of these Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds allocated to sustainable 
projects will be made available to investors twice a year. In addition, a Sustainable Funding Report will be 
made available to investors annually which includes specific information on eligible projects on portfolio 
level per sub-framework. This report will include information on a best-efforts basis in line with the allocation 
and impact reporting further specified in the sub-frameworks as further defined in the Rabobank 
Sustainable Funding Framework. Reporting on a transaction will occur until full allocation of the proceeds. 
The Sustainable Funding Report will be audited by an external auditor and be published on the Issuer's 
website (https://www.rabobank.com/nl/investors/funding/greenandsustainabilitybond/index.html).  
For the avoidance of doubt, any information included the Rabobank Sustainable Funding Framework, 
the Rabobank Sustainability Bond Framework and in any websites mentioned in this section "Use of 
Proceeds" will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final 
Terms and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
See risk factor entitled “A failure by the Issuer to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in connection with green or sustainable projects and/or any failure to meet 
the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors may affect the value and/or 
trading price of such Bonds” for further detail.  
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for any purpose of 
any Compliance Opinion or whether any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds fulfil the 
relevant environmental and sustainability criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible

--- Page 285 ---
Use of proceeds 
 
285 
green bond, social bond or sustainable bond projects and eligibility criteria described in the relevant Final 
Terms. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the 
relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Potential investors should be aware that any Compliance Opinion will not be incorporated into, and 
will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. Any such Compliance Opinion may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that 
may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such 
Compliance Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its 
date of issue.

--- Page 286 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
286 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Bearer Notes 
The Issuer may make applications in respect of Notes in CGN form to Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear for acceptance in their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Bearer 
Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes in CGN form, a temporary Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note 
in bearer form without coupons may be deposited with a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear or an Alternative Clearing System as agreed between the Issuer and Dealer. Transfers 
of interests in such temporary Global Notes in CGN form or permanent Global Notes in CGN form will be 
made in accordance with the normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear or, if appropriate, the Alternative Clearing System. The Issuer may make 
applications in respect of Notes in NGN form, to the Common Safekeeper for acceptance in its book-entry 
systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes in NGN form, a temporary 
Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note in bearer form without coupons will be deposited with the 
Common Safekeeper. Transfers of interests in such temporary Global Notes in NGN form, or permanent 
Global Notes in NGN form will be made in accordance with the normal operating procedures of the 
Common Safekeeper. Each Global Note deposited with the Common Safekeeper or with a Common 
Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, elect that a temporary Global Note or a permanent Global Note 
issued in CGN form or NGN form may be exchanged for a temporary Global Note or a permanent Global 
Note issued in NGN form or CGN form (as the case may be), in accordance with the practices and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Any such exchange shall be effected at the sole 
discretion of the Issuer and shall not modify or amend the terms and conditions of the relevant series of 
Notes, including the principal amount, the rate of interest and the date or frequency of any interest payment 
dates. Save as may be required under the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law and regulation, the 
Issuer does not intend to seek the consent of Noteholders in connection with any such exchange. 
Registered Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear for acceptance in 
their respective book-entry systems in respect of the Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global 
Certificate or (in the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) a Restricted Global Certificate. Each 
Unrestricted Global Certificate or (in the case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) Restricted Global 
Certificate deposited with (i) (in respect of Registered Notes which are not held under the NSS) a Common 
Depositary on behalf of, or (ii) (in respect of Registered Notes which are held under the NSS) a Common 
Safekeeper on behalf of, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear will have an ISIN and a Common 
Code. 
Rabobank and a relevant U.S. agent appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant 
may make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Registered Notes 
issued by Rabobank represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. Each such Restricted Global 
Certificate will have a CUSIP number. Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to restrictions on 
transfer contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Global Certificate, as set out under “Transfer 
Restrictions”. In certain circumstances, as described below in “Transfers of Registered Notes”, transfers 
of interests in a Restricted Global Certificate may be made as a result of which such legend may no longer 
be required. 
In the case of a Tranche of Registered Notes to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the 
custodian, with whom the Restricted Global Certificates are deposited, and DTC will electronically record 
the nominal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors in Notes of such 
Tranche may hold their beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate only through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. Investors may hold their beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Certificate

--- Page 287 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
287 
directly through DTC if they are participants in the DTC system, or indirectly through organisations which 
are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the 
name of DTC’s nominee will be to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner of such Restricted 
Global Certificate. Rabobank expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately 
credit DTC participants’ accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial 
interests in the nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificate as shown on the records of 
DTC or the nominee. Rabobank also expects that payments by DTC participants to owners of beneficial 
interests in such Restricted Global Certificate held through such DTC participants will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the 
responsibility of such DTC participants. None of Rabobank, any Paying Agent or any Transfer Agent will 
have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account 
of ownership interests in the Restricted Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such ownership interests. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Certificate and/or (in the 
case of Restricted Notes issued by Rabobank) a Restricted Global Certificate. Individual Certificates will 
only be available, in the case of Notes initially represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate, in amounts 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and, in the case of Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global 
Certificate, in amounts of U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s)), or higher integral multiples of U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances 
described below. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
will be in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The 
laws of some states in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive 
form of securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global Certificate to such 
persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of 
indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to pledge 
such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of 
such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may only be held through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear. In the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through the Restricted Global 
Certificate for the same Series of Notes, provided that any such transfer made on or prior to the expiration 
of the distribution compliance period (as used in “Plan of Distribution”) relating to the Notes represented 
by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent of a written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be (based on 
a written certificate from the transferor of such interest), to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 
144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable 
securities law of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any such transfer made thereafter 
of the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon request through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear by the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Certificate to 
the Fiscal Agent of details of that account at either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC to be 
credited with the relevant interest in the Restricted Global Certificate. Transfers at any time by a holder of 
any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through

--- Page 288 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
288 
an Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon delivery to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
of a certificate setting forth compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the account 
at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and/or DTC to be credited and debited, 
respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global Certificates. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described 
above and under “Transfer Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and 
directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be 
effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
custodian, the Registrar and the Fiscal Agent. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders 
in Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants 
in DTC will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because 
there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on 
the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Certificates will be effected through the Fiscal Agent, 
the custodian and the Registrar receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the 
transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on the later of (i) two business days after the trade 
date for the disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Certificate resulting in such transfer and (ii) two 
business days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, of the necessary 
certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements 
for payment must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see “Transfer Restrictions”. 
DTC has advised Rabobank that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of 
Registered Notes (including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for 
exchange as described above) only at the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC 
interests in Restricted Global Certificates are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificates as to which such participant or participants 
has or have given such direction. However, in the circumstances described above, DTC will surrender the 
relevant Restricted Global Certificates for exchange for individual Certificates (which will, in the case of 
Restricted Notes, bear the legend applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised Rabobank as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under 
the laws of the State of New York, a “banking organisation” under the laws of the State of New York, a 
member of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New 
York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of section 
17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions between participants through electronic computerised book-entry 
changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. 
Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations 
and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities 
brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC 
direct participant, either directly or indirectly.

--- Page 289 ---
Clearing and Settlement 
 
289 
Although DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures 
in order to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, they are under no obligation to perform 
or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither 
the Issuer nor any Paying Agent nor any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the performance 
by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or the custodian, Restricted Notes 
represented by individual Certificates will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear. 
Individual Certificates 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or for DTC will be permitted only (i) in the case of Restricted 
Global Certificates in the circumstances set forth in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in 
Global Form –Exchange –Restricted Global Certificates” or (ii) in the case of Unrestricted Global 
Certificates in the circumstances set forth in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form –Exchange –Unrestricted Global Certificates”. In such circumstances, the Issuer will cause sufficient 
individual Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and 
despatch to the relevant Noteholder(s). A person having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide 
the Registrar with: 
(a) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may require to complete, execute and deliver such individual Certificates; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Restricted Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially 
to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange, 
or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is 
being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Individual Certificates issued pursuant 
to this paragraph (a) shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Pre-issue trades settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Notes will be made against payment therefor on the relevant Issue 
Date, which could be more than two business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the 
SEC under the Exchange Act, trades in the United States secondary market generally are required to settle 
within two business days (T+2), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. 
Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Registered Notes in the United States on the date of pricing or 
the next succeeding business days until the relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that 
the Notes initially will settle beyond T+2, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such 
trade to prevent a failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Notes 
may be affected by such local settlement practices and purchasers of Notes who wish to trade Notes 
between the date of pricing and the relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser. 
General 
For a listing on Euronext Amsterdam, Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer 
B.V. or its legal successor will be involved in clearing and settlement.

--- Page 290 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
290 
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OF RABOBANK GROUP  
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
General 
Rabobank Group is an international financial services provider operating on the basis of cooperative 
principles. Rabobank Group comprises Rabobank as the top holding entity together with its subsidiaries in 
the Netherlands and abroad. Rabobank Group operates in 38 countries. Its operations include domestic 
retail banking, W&R, leasing and real estate. It serves approximately 9.6 million clients around the world. 
In the Netherlands, its focus is on maintaining Rabobank Group’s position in the Dutch market and, 
internationally, on food and agriculture. 
Rabobank Group’s cooperative core business is carried out by the local Rabobanks. With 287 
branches at 31 December 2020, the local Rabobanks form a dense banking network in the Netherlands. 
Together the local Rabobanks serve approximately 8.1 million private customers, and approximately 0.8 
million corporate clients, offering a comprehensive package of financial services. Clients can become 
members of Rabobank. 
Historically, Rabobank Group has engaged primarily in lending to the agricultural and horticultural 
sectors in the Dutch market. Since the 1990s, Rabobank Group has also offered a wide variety of 
commercial banking and other financial services not only in the Netherlands but also internationally. As 
part of an on-going programme, Rabobank Group has increased both the number and type of products 
and services available to its customers in order to diversify from a traditional savings and mortgage-based 
business to become a provider of a full range of financial products and services, both in the Netherlands 
and internationally. Rabobank Group provides an integrated range of financial services comprising 
primarily Domestic Retail Banking, W&R, Leasing, Property Development and distribution of insurance 
products to a wide range of both individual and corporate customers. 
As at 31 December 2020, Rabobank Group had total assets of €632.3 billion, a private sector loan 
portfolio of €409.4 billion, amounts due to customers of €361.0 billion (of which savings deposits total 
€155.9 billion) and equity of €40.6 billion. Of the private sector loan portfolio, €192.2 billion, virtually all of 
which were mortgages, consisted of loans to private individuals, €111.7 billion of loans to the trade, industry 
and services sector and €105.4 billion of loans to the food and agriculture sector. As at 31 December 2020, 
its CET1 Ratio, which is the ratio between Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and total risk-weighted assets, 
was 16.8 per cent. and its capital ratio, which is the ratio between qualifying capital and total risk-weighted 
assets, was 24.2 per cent. Rabobank Group’s cost/income ratio, which is the ratio between total operating 
expenses (regulatory levies included) and total income, was 65.8 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 
2020 and 63.3 per cent. for the year ended 31 December 2019. Rabobank Group realised a net profit of 
€1,096 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2020, Rabobank Group 
employed 43,272 employees (internal and external full-time employees (“FTEs”)). 
The return on equity (“RoE”) is calculated by dividing net profit by the average equity in the reporting year. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, Rabobank’s RoE was 2.7 per cent. As at 31 December 2019, it 
was 5.3 per cent. 
Group overview 
The overview below provides an overview of the business of Rabobank Group. The figures 
presented in the overview are provided as at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 291 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
291 
 
 
Business activities of Rabobank Group 
Through the local Rabobanks, Rabobank and its other subsidiaries, Rabobank Group provides 
services in the following core business areas: Domestic Retail Banking; W&R; Leasing; and Property 
Development.

--- Page 292 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
292 
Domestic Retail Banking 
DRB comprises the local Rabobanks and Obvion N.V. (“Obvion”). In the Netherlands, Rabobank is 
a significant mortgage bank, savings bank and insurance agent. Based on internal estimates, Rabobank 
believes it is also the leading bank for the small and medium-sized enterprises sector in the Netherlands. 
Obvion focuses exclusively on collaboration with independent brokers. 
As at 31 December 2020, DRB had total external assets of €275.0 billion, a private sector loan 
portfolio of €271.3 billion, deposits from customers of €279.4 billion (of which savings deposits total €134.8 
billion). For the year ended 31 December 2020, DRB accounted for 55 per cent., or €5,959 million, of 
Rabobank Group’s total income and 89 per cent., or €971 million, of Rabobank Group’s net profit. As at 31 
December 2020, DRB employed 26,280 FTEs. 
Local Rabobanks 
Proximity and commitment to their clients enhance the local Rabobanks’ responsiveness and speed 
of decision-making. Their commitment is reflected in their close ties with local associations and institutions. 
The local Rabobanks are committed to providing maximum service to their clients by making optimum use 
of different distribution channels, such as branch offices, the internet and mobile telephones. Many private 
individuals have current, savings or investment accounts or mortgages with the local Rabobanks. The local 
Rabobanks constitute a major financier of Dutch industry, from small high street shops to listed enterprises. 
Furthermore, the local Rabobanks traditionally have had close ties with the agricultural sector. 
Obvion 
Obvion is a provider of mortgages and a number of service products, including guarantees and 
bridging loans. Obvion focuses exclusively on collaboration with independent brokers. 
Wholesale & Rural 
 W&R focuses its activities on the food and agri sector and has an international network of branches 
with offices and subsidiaries in various countries. Rabobank also operates RaboDirect internet savings 
banks. The wholesale banking division serves the largest domestic and international companies 
(Corporates, Financial Institutions, Traders and Private Equity). Rural banking is focused on offering 
financial solutions for the specific needs of leading farmers and their communities in a selected number of 
key Food & Agri countries. The total number of internal and external employees in W&R stood at 9,663 
FTEs at year-end 2020. 
All sectors in the Netherlands are being serviced, while outside the Netherlands Rabobank focuses 
on the Food & Agri and trade-related sectors. Internationally, Rabobank Group services food & agri clients, 
ranging from growers to the industrial sector, through its global network of branches. Rabobank Group 
services the entire food value chain, with specialists per sector. Rabobank Group advises its clients and 
prospects in these sectors by offering them finance, knowledge and its network. Rabobank is active in the 
main food-producing countries such as the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and main food 
consumption countries. 
As at 31 December 2020, W&R had total external assets of €135.5 billion and a private sector loan 
portfolio of €105.9 billion. For the year ended 31 December 2020, W&R accounted for 25 per cent., or 
€2,722 million, of Rabobank Group’s total income and 1 per cent., or €16 million, of Rabobank Group’s net 
profit. 
Leasing 
Within Rabobank, DLL is the entity responsible for Rabobank Group’s leasing business supporting 
manufacturers and distributors selling products and services worldwide with vendor finance. DLL, active in 
more than 30 countries and 9 industries, is a global provider of asset-based financial solutions in the 
agriculture, food, healthcare, clean technology, transportation, construction, industrial and office

--- Page 293 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
293 
technology industries. DLL is committed to delivering integrated financial solutions that support the 
complete asset life cycle. As of 31 December 2020, DLL employed 5,509 FTEs (including external staff). 
Rabobank owned a 100 per cent. equity interest in DLL as at 31 December 2020. Its issued share 
capital amounted to €98,470,307 as at 31 December 2020, all of which is owned by Rabobank. As at 31 
December 2020, Rabobank’s liabilities to DLL amounted to €2,774 million. As at 31 December 2020, 
Rabobank’s claims on DLL amounted to €29,096 million (loans, current accounts, financial assets and 
derivatives).  
As at 31 December 2020, DLL had a private sector loan portfolio of €31.9 billion. For the year 
ended 31 December 2020, DLL accounted for 14 per cent., or €1,498 million, of Rabobank 
Group’s total income and 15 per cent., or €164 million, of Rabobank Group’s net profit. 
Property Development 
The Property Development segment results almost completely comprise the results of Bouwfonds 
Property Development (“BPD”). Responsible for developing residential real estate areas, BPD focuses on 
residential areas, multifunctional projects and public facilities. BPD has been positioned as a direct 
subsidiary of Rabobank since 1 July 2017. As of 31 December 2020, the Property Development segment 
employed 748 FTEs (including external staff). 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, BPD sold 8,901 houses. The loan portfolio of the Property 
Development segment amounted to €0.1 billion. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Property 
Development segment accounted for 3 per cent., or €294 million, of Rabobank Group’s total income and 
10 per cent., or €115 million, of Rabobank Group’s net profit. 
Participations 
 As of 31 December 2020, Rabobank held a 30 per cent. interest in Achmea B.V. (“Achmea”). 
Rabobank does not exercise control over Achmea and therefore does not consolidate Achmea as a 
subsidiary in Rabobank’s audited consolidated financial statements. Achmea is accounted for as an 
associate in Rabobank’s audited consolidated financial statements in accordance with the equity method. 
Achmea is a major insurance company in the Netherlands, where it serves a broad customer base of 
private individuals as well as government agencies and corporate clients. Achmea occupies a relatively 
minor position outside the Netherlands, operating in four other European countries and Australia. 
Rabobank and Achmea work closely together in the area of insurance. 
Recent Developments 
Rabobank intends to make a quarterly distribution of EUR 0.13674 per Rabobank Certificate in the 
first three quarters of 2021 
On 11 February 2021 Rabobank announced its intention to make a quarterly distribution of 
EUR 0.13674 per Rabobank Certificate on 29 March 2021, 29 June 2021 and 29 September 2021 
respectively (and subsequently paid the first of such quarterly distributions on 29 March 2021). This 
intention is the outcome of discussions with the European Central Bank (ECB) and remains subject to the 
full discretion of the Executive Board of Rabobank. On 15 December 2020 the ECB issued a 
recommendation to banks to refrain from or limit dividends until at least 30 September 2021. Rabobank 
announced on 21 December 2020 that it will adhere to the recommendation, and that it will discuss the 
prudence of any distributions on Rabobank Certificates prior to 30 September 2021 with the ECB. 
Rabobank has the intention to revert to the intended distribution as described in its payment policy in case 
the ECB withdraws any recommended limitations on dividend distribution. At that time Rabobank will - at 
its full discretion – decide on any future distributions thereby considering whether it is prudent to make a 
distribution, and if so, the level of such distribution.

--- Page 294 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
294 
Anti-Money Laundering, Counter Terrorism Financing & Sanctions 
Rabobank’s role as a gatekeeper to the financial system is a top priority for the bank. Furthering a 
foundation for compliance with applicable laws and regulations and good customer service, Rabobank has 
substantially improved its KYC (know your customer) activities and increased its investments in KYC 
compliance in recent years. The bank operates a global program to enhance the quality of our customer 
files and data to identify (potential) criminal activity. In September 2018, Rabobank received an injunction 
(‘last onder dwangsom’) from De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB). Commencing from 1 April 2020, DNB carried 
out an investigation related to whether Rabobank met the requirements of the aforementioned injunction. 
Despite our efforts, DNB determined that Rabobank did not meet the requirements of the injunction. As a 
result, a penalty (‘dwangsom’) of €500,000 has been forfeited.  
Rabobank’s credit ratings 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Rabobank has, at its request, been assigned the following 
ratings: S&P (“A+”), Moody’s (“Aa3”), Fitch (“A+”) and DBRS (“AA (low)”). Rabobank’s outlook with Moody’s 
and DBRS is “Stable”. In April 2020, S&P and Fitch revised their outlooks to “Negative”. In March 2021 
DBRS revised its rating on Rabobank to AA (low) and the Trend to Stable (from “Negative”).  
As defined by S&P, an obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of 
changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, 
the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. The plus (+) sign 
shows relative standing within the rating categories. 
As defined by Moody’s, an obligation rated 'Aa3' is judged to be of high quality and are subject to 
very low credit risk. The modifier ‘3’ indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
As defined by Fitch, an obligation rated ‘A’ denotes expectation of low default risk. It indicates strong 
capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to 
adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.  The modifier "+" appended 
to the rating denotes relative status within major rating categories. 
As defined by DBRS, an obligation rated “AA (low)” reflects a superior credit quality. The capacity 
for payment of financial obligations is considered high. Credit quality differs from AAA only to a small 
degree. Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events.  
All the rating agencies view Rabobank’s leading position in the Dutch banking sector and the 
International Food and Agri sector as important rating drivers. The Rating Agencies also note Rabobank’s 
significant equity and subordinated debt, which is an important factor in determining the Group’s ratings. 
A rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direction of an issuer’s rating over the medium 
term. Actual or anticipated declines in Rabobank’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Notes. 
There is no assurance that a rating will remain unchanged during the term of the Notes of any series. 
The ratings represent the relevant rating agency’s assessment of Rabobank’s financial condition 
and ability to pay its obligations, and do not reflect the potential impact of all risks relating to the Notes. 
Any rating assigned to the long-term unsecured debt of Rabobank does not affect or address the likely 
performance of the Notes other than Rabobank’s ability to meet its obligations. 
Rabobank Group’s access to the unsecured funding markets is dependent on its credit ratings. A 
downgrading or announcement of a potential downgrade in its credit ratings, as a result of a change in the 
agency’s view of Rabobank, its industry outlook, sovereign rating, rating methodology or otherwise, could 
adversely affect Rabobank Group’s access to liquidity alternatives and its competitive position, and could 
increase the cost of funding or trigger additional collateral requirements all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 295 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
295 
Strategy of Rabobank Group 
In 2020, Rabobank continued the implementation of its Strategic Framework 2016-2020, which 
describes how it wants to achieve its ambitions. This strategy provides a sharpened focus on improving 
customer service and realising a fundamental improvement in financial performance across Rabobank in 
order to safeguard its future success. To fulfil its ambitions for the coming years, Rabobank is focusing on 
the following three core objectives. 
1. 
Excellent customer focus. In the Netherlands, Rabobank strives to be the most customer-focused 
bank in the country and Rabobank aims for a sharp increase in customer satisfaction outside the 
Netherlands as well. The management of Rabobank believes that this is where its strength and 
distinctiveness lie. Rabobank expects to undergo a fundamental transformation in the coming years 
in terms of working methods, culture, attitudes and conduct. By doing so, Rabobank is responding 
to changes in customer needs, the uncertain economic climate, expectations of society and the 
stricter requirements of regulators. Rabobank wants to become the most customer-focused bank in 
the Netherlands and in the food & agri sector internationally by excelling in basic services, being the 
closest to its customers at key moments and fulfilling its role as a financial partner serving 
Rabobank’s customers. This will enable Rabobank to expand its services as an intermediary, for 
example in the fields of crowdfunding and working with institutional investors.  
2. 
Increased flexibility and reduction of the balance sheet. In the years to come, Rabobank anticipates 
a further tightening of the regulatory environment. For example, the implementation of the proposed 
reforms to Basel III and implementation of MREL require Rabobank’s balance sheet to be more 
flexible. Rabobank wants to achieve balance sheet optimisation by, among other things, placing 
parts of its loan portfolio with external parties and maintaining a liquidity buffer that is in line with the 
reduced balance sheet total. Rabobank is carefully monitoring ongoing developments with regard 
to the pending Basel regulations, the final outcome of which will ultimately determine the extent of 
the required balance sheet reduction. 
3. 
Performance improvement. Rabobank aims to improve its performance by improvements in 
efficiency and cost reductions within Rabobank’s central organisation, the local Rabobanks and the 
international organisation. The improvement should be effected by both higher revenues and lower 
costs through increasing efficiency and new ways of working (e.g. increased digitalisation and more 
flexible working spaces).  
Implementation accelerators 
The strategy calls for a substantial transformation of Rabobank. In view of the challenges Rabobank 
faces, Rabobank has identified three accelerators to realise and strengthen the transformation: 
1. 
Strengthening innovation: Innovation allows Rabobank to improve its services and respond rapidly 
to opportunities in the market. In addition, innovation is essential to provide support to Rabobank’s 
customers. 
2. 
Empowering employees: Achieving the strategic objectives will require a transformation into an 
organisation in which there is scope for professionalism and entrepreneurship, with a continual 
focus on development and training, employee diversity and a good, learning corporate culture. 
3. 
Creating a better cooperative organisation: The new governance structure (see “Structure and 
Governance of Rabobank Group”) will contribute to the transformation that Rabobank as an 
organisation must go through to fulfil its strategy. This will allow an organisation to emerge that is 
flexible for the future and centres on maximum local entrepreneurship. 
Strategy implementation 
The Strategic Framework 2016-2020 has initiated a group wide transition process consisting of a 
wide range of change initiatives that impact Rabobank’s organisational structure, the way it works and the

--- Page 296 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
296 
way it serves its customers. In addition to many initiatives in the line organisation, several large, strategic 
projects are also expected to be implemented. The strategic implementation agenda has been designed 
along four strategic pillars: Complete customer focus, Rock-solid bank, Meaningful cooperative and 
Empowered employees. The transition process is dynamic and is expected to be adjusted based on 
evolving circumstances. 
An integrated process for the coordination of the transition is essential to ensure timely and coherent 
implementation of the strategic goals. This process began in 2016 and is expected to continue in the 
coming years. Strategy implementation is facilitated by a central oversight and coordination office for 
performance and strategic initiatives, which reports frequently to the Managing Board, Supervisory Board 
and supervisors. Processes have been established to ensure short-cycle steering by the Managing Board 
members in their respective domains, based on goals that have been translated into concrete activities, 
key performance indicators (“KPI”) and clearly allocated responsibilities. This approach enables the line 
organisation to remain in the lead of the transition process. 
Competition in the Netherlands 
Rabobank Group competes in the Netherlands with several other large commercial banks such as 
ABN Amro and ING Group, with insurance companies and pension funds and also with smaller financial 
institutions in specific markets. Rabobank Group expects competition in the Dutch savings market to 
continue. 
The Dutch mortgage loan market is highly competitive. Driven by the tax deductibility of mortgage 
loan interest payments, Dutch homeowners usually take out relatively high mortgage loans. This does not 
necessarily indicate a high risk for banks with mortgage-lending operations. The local Rabobanks and 
Obvion have a balanced mortgage loan portfolio. Historically, mortgage lending in the Netherlands has 
been relatively low risk and all mortgage loans are collateralised. Mortgage loan defaults do not occur 
frequently, either in Rabobank Group’s mortgage-lending operations or in the Netherlands generally. 
Almost all mortgages in the Netherlands have a maturity of 30 years. Generally, mortgages have a long-
term (greater than five years) fixed interest rate, after which period the rate is reset at the current market 
rate. Customers generally only have the option to prepay a certain percentage on the principal amount on 
their mortgage loan without incurring a penalty fee, thus reducing the interest rate risks related to mortgage 
loan refinancing for Rabobank Group. 
Market Shares in the Netherlands 
Rabobank Group offers a comprehensive package of financial products and services in the 
Netherlands. Set forth below is information regarding Rabobank Group’s shares in selected markets. The 
percentages of market share should be read as percentages of the relevant Dutch market as a whole. 
 Residential mortgages: As at 31 December 2020, Rabobank Group had a market share of 22.0 per 
cent. of the total amount of new home mortgages in the Dutch mortgage market by value (15.7 per cent. 
by local Rabobanks, 5.0 per cent. by Obvion, and 1.3 per cent. by Vista; source: Dutch Land Registry 
Office (Kadaster)). Rabobank Group is the largest mortgage-lending institution in the Netherlands 
(measured by Rabobank’s own surveys). 
Saving deposits of individuals: As at 31 December 2020, Rabobank Group had a market share of 
33.9 per cent. of the Dutch savings market (source: Statistics Netherlands (Centraal Bureau voor de 
Statistiek)). Rabobank Group is one of the largest savings institutions in the Netherlands measured as a 
percentage of the amount of saving deposits (source: Statistics Netherlands).   
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Rabobank and the local Rabobanks typically own the land and buildings used in the ordinary course 
of their business activities in the Netherlands. Outside the Netherlands, some Group entities also own the 
land and buildings used in the ordinary course of their business activities. In addition, Rabobank Group’s

--- Page 297 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
297 
investment portfolio includes investments in land and buildings. Rabobank Group believes that its facilities 
are adequate for its present needs in all material respects. The table below provides an overview of 
Rabobank Group’s material owned facilities: 
Location 
Country 
Owned / Rented 
Encumbrances 
Croeselaan 18 – 22, Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Owned 
None 
Bloemmolen 2 – 4, Boxtel 
The Netherlands 
Owned 
None 
 
Material Contracts 
There are no contracts, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, to which 
Rabobank or any member of Rabobank Group is party, for the two years prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus that are material to Rabobank Group as a whole. There are no other contracts (not being 
contracts entered in the ordinary course of business) entered into by any member of Rabobank Group 
which contain any provision under which any member of Rabobank Group has any obligation or entitlement 
which is material to Rabobank Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Insurance 
On behalf of all entities of Rabobank Group, Rabobank has taken out a group policy that is 
customary for the financial industry taking into consideration the scope and complexity of the business of 
Rabobank Group. Rabobank Group is of the opinion that this insurance, which is banker’s blanket and 
professional indemnity, is of an adequate level for the business of Rabobank Group. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Rabobank Group is active in a legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to substantial risk 
of litigation. As a result, Rabobank Group is involved in legal cases, arbitrations and regulatory proceedings 
in the Netherlands and in other countries, including the United States. The most relevant legal and 
regulatory claims which could give rise to liability on the part of Rabobank Group are described on pages 
164 and 165 in Rabobank Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020, including the notes thereto, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, see the risk factor “Legal Risk” in the “Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus. If it 
appears necessary on the basis of the applicable reporting criteria, provisions are made based on current 
information; similar types of cases are grouped together and some cases may also consist of a number of 
claims. The estimated loss for each individual case (for which it is possible to make a realistic estimate) is 
not reported, because Rabobank Group feels that information of this type could be detrimental to the 
outcome of individual cases. 
When determining which of the claims is more likely than not (i.e., with a likelihood of over 50 per 
cent.) to lead to an outflow of funds, Rabobank Group takes several factors into account. These include 
(but are not limited to) the type of claim and the underlying facts; the procedural process and history of 
each case; rulings from legal and arbitration bodies; Rabobank Group’s experience and that of third parties 
in similar cases (if known); previous settlement discussions; third party settlements in similar cases (where 
known); available indemnities; and the advice and opinions of legal advisers and other experts. 
The estimated potential losses, and the existing provisions, are based on the information available 
at the time and are for the main part subject to judgements and a number of different assumptions, 
variables and known and unknown uncertainties. These uncertainties may include the inaccuracy or 
incompleteness of the information available to Rabobank Group (especially in the early stages of a case). 
In addition, assumptions made by Rabobank Group about the future rulings of legal or other instances or 
the likely actions or attitudes of supervisory bodies or the parties opposing Rabobank Group may turn out 
to be incorrect. Furthermore, estimates of potential losses relating to the legal disputes are often impossible

--- Page 298 ---
Description of Business of Rabobank Group 
 
298 
to process using statistical or other quantitative analysis instruments that are generally used to make 
judgements and estimates. They are then subject to a still greater level of uncertainly than many other 
areas where Rabobank Group needs to make judgements and estimates. 
The group of cases for which Rabobank Group determines that the risk of future outflows of funds 
is higher than 50 per cent. varies over time, as do the number of cases for which Rabobank can estimate 
the potential loss. In practice the end results could turn out considerably higher or lower than the estimates 
of potential losses in those cases where an estimate was made. Rabobank Group can also sustain losses 
from legal risks where the occurrence of a loss may not be probable, but is not improbable either, and for 
which no provisions have been recognised. For those cases where (a) the possibility of an outflow of funds 
is less likely than not but also not remote or (b) the possibility of an outflow of funds is more likely than not 
but the potential loss cannot be estimated, a contingent liability is shown. 
Rabobank Group may settle legal cases or regulatory proceedings or investigations before any fine 
is imposed or liability is determined. Reasons for settling could include (i) the wish to avoid costs and/or 
management effort at this level, (ii) to avoid other adverse business consequences and/ or (iii) pre-empt 
the regulatory or reputational consequences of continuing with disputes relating to liability, even if 
Rabobank Group believes it has good arguments in its defence. Furthermore, Rabobank Group may, for 
the same reasons, compensate third parties for their losses, even in situations where Rabobank Group 
does not believe that it is legally required to do so. 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Rabobank is aware), during the 12 months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the past, significant effects on Rabobank and 
Rabobank Group’s financial position or profitability are described under “Legal and arbitration proceedings” 
in Rabobank Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
including the notes thereto, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, see the risk 
factor “Legal risk” in the “Risk Management” section of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 299 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
299 
STRUCTURE AND GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP 
Rabobank structure 
Rabobank Group comprises Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and its subsidiaries and participations in 
the Netherlands and abroad. Rabobank operates not only from the Netherlands but also from branches 
and representative offices all over the world. These branches and offices all form part of the legal entity 
Rabobank. Rabobank branches are located in Sydney, Antwerp, Toronto, Beijing, Shanghai, Dublin, 
Frankfurt, Madrid, Paris, Mumbai, Milan, Nairobi, Wellington, New York, Singapore, Hong Kong and 
London. Rabobank representative offices are located in Mexico City, Buenos Aires, Istanbul, Atlanta, 
Chicago, Roseville, San Francisco and St. Louis. 
Rabobank also conducts business through separate legal entities worldwide. Rabobank is 
shareholder of such entities. Rabobank has its executive office in Utrecht (Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB), the 
Netherlands (telephone number +31 (0)30 216 0000). Its statutory seat is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Rabobank is registered in the commercial register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 30046259. 
Rabobank uses various tradenames. 
General 
Rabobank is a licensed bank, in the legal form of a cooperative with excluded liability (coöperatie 
U.A.). It was established under Dutch law. Rabobank uses amongst others the trade names Rabobank 
Nederland and Rabobank. Rabobank was formed as a result of the merger of the Coöperatieve Centrale 
Raiffeisen Bank and the Coöperatieve Centrale Boerenleenbank, the two largest banking cooperative 
entities in the Netherlands. It was established with unlimited duration on 22 December 1970. Until 1 
January 2016, the Dutch local Rabobanks were separate legal cooperative entities. On 1 January 2016, a 
legal merger under universal title took place between Rabobank and all local banks. Rabobank was the 
surviving entity. 
The Managing Board is responsible for the management of Rabobank, including the local banks 
and, indirectly, its affiliated entities. Managing Board members are appointed by the Supervisory Board. 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for the supervision of the management by the Managing Board. 
Supervisory Board members are appointed by the General Members’ Council of Rabobank. For further 
information regarding the governance of Rabobank Group, see “— Member influence within Rabobank 
Group” below and “Governance of Rabobank Group”.

--- Page 300 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
300 
 
Corporate purpose 
The objective of a cooperative is to provide for certain material needs of its members by whom it is 
effectively owned and controlled. Pursuant to Article 3 of the Rabobank Articles, the corporate object of 
Rabobank is to promote the interests of its members and to do so by: 
(i) 
conducting a banking business, providing other financial services, and, in that context, 
concluding agreements with its members; 
(ii) 
participating in, otherwise assuming an interest in, and managing other enterprises of any 
nature whatsoever, and financing third parties, providing security in any way whatsoever or 
guaranteeing the obligations of third parties; 
(iii) 
contributing to society, including promoting economic and social initiatives and developments; 
and 
(iv) 
performing any activities which are incidental to or may be conducive to this object. 
Rabobank is furthermore authorised to extend its activities to parties other than its members. 
Member influence within Rabobank Group 
As a cooperative, Rabobank has members, not shareholders. Customers of Rabobank in the 
Netherlands have the opportunity to become members of Rabobank. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Rabobank has approximately 2.1 million members. Members do not make capital 
contributions to Rabobank and do not have claims on the equity of Rabobank. The members do not have 
any obligations and are not liable for the obligations of Rabobank. 
Main characteristics of Governance 
Rabobank is a decentralised organisation with decision making powers at both a local and central 
level. The governance reflects the unity of cooperative and bank. Although the Dutch Corporate 
Governance Code does not apply to the cooperative, Rabobank’s corporate governance is broadly 
consistent with this code. Rabobank also observes the Dutch Banking Code.

--- Page 301 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
301 
The members of Rabobank are organised, based on, amongst other things, geographical criteria 
into about 86 Departments. Each local bank is linked to a Department. Within each Department, members 
are organised into delegates’ election assemblies. These assemblies elect the members of the local 
members’ councils. 
The local members’ councils consist of 30 to 50 members and were established pursuant to the 
Articles of Association. Local members’ councils report to and collaborate with the management team of 
the local bank on the quality of services and the contribution on social and sustainable development of the 
local environment. These councils have a number of formal tasks and responsibilities. One of the powers 
of the local members’ council is appointment, suspension and dismissal of the local supervisory body, 
including its chairman. 
The local supervisory body consists of three to seven members and is part of the Department. It is 
a corporate body established pursuant to the Articles of Association and performs various tasks and has 
various responsibilities, including a supervisory role on the level of the local bank. As part of that role, the 
Executive Board has granted the local supervisory body a number of powers in respect of material 
decisions of the management team chairman. The local supervisory body monitors the execution by the 
management team chairman of the local strategy. The local supervisory body also exercises the functional 
employer’s role in relation to the management team chairman of the local bank. The local supervisory body 
is accountable to the local members’ council. 
Regional assemblies are not formal corporate bodies in the Rabobank governance. These 
assemblies are important for the preparation for the General Members’ Council of Rabobank. The 
assemblies are consultative bodies where the chairmen of the supervisory bodies and the management 
chairmen of the local banks meet to discuss. 
The members of the local supervisory body have to be members of Rabobank. Every chairman of 
a local supervisory body represents the members of its Department in the General Members’ Council of 
Rabobank. This council is the highest decision-making body in the Rabobank governance. Although the 
chairmen of the local supervisory bodies participate in the General Members’ Council of Rabobank without 
instruction and consultation, they will also take the local points of view into account. The General Members’ 
Council of Rabobank has a focus on strategy, identity, budget and financial results of Rabobank and has 
powers on these matters. On behalf of the members, the General Members’ Council of Rabobank 
safeguards continuity as well as acts as the custodian of collective values. The General Members’ Council 
of Rabobank has three permanent committees: the urgency affairs committee, the coordination committee 
and the committee on confidential matters. 
The members of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank are appointed by the General Members’ 
Council of Rabobank. Two thirds of the number of members of the Supervisory Board must be members 
of Rabobank. The Supervisory Board performs the supervisory role and is accountable to the General 
Members’ Council of Rabobank. In this respect, the Supervisory Board monitors compliance with laws and 
regulations and inter alia achievement of Rabobanks’ objectives and strategy. The Supervisory Board has 
the power to approve material decisions of the Managing Board. The Supervisory Board also has an 
advisory role in respect to the Managing Board. The Supervisory Board has several committees, inter alia 
a risk committee and an audit committee that perform preparatory and advisory work for the Supervisory 
Board. For further information regarding the Supervisory Board, see “Governance of Rabobank Group”. 
The local business is organised through about 90 local banks. These local banks are not separate 
legal entities but are part of the legal entity Rabobank. To preserve local orientation and local 
entrepreneurship as distinguishing features of Rabobank, the Executive Board of Rabobank has granted 
the management team chairmen of the local banks a number of authorisations. Consequently, these 
chairmen are able to perform their tasks locally and to take responsibility for their designated local bank. 
The management team chairmen have additional responsibilities for the Department that is connected with 
the local bank.

--- Page 302 ---
Structure and Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
302 
The Managing Board of Rabobank is responsible for the management of Rabobank including the 
local banks and, indirectly, its affiliated entities. The Managing Board has the ultimate responsibility for 
defining and achieving the targets, strategic policy and associated risk profile, financial results and 
corporate social responsibility aspects. In addition, the Managing Board is in charge of Rabobank Groups’ 
compliance with relevant laws and regulations. Rabobank, represented by the Managing Board, is the 
hierarchical employer of the management team chairmen of the local banks. The Managing Board 
members are appointed by the Supervisory Board and are accountable to the Supervisory Board and the 
General Members’ Council of Rabobank. For further information regarding the Managing Board, see 
“Governance of Rabobank Group”. 
The directors’ conference was established pursuant to the Articles of Association but is not a 
decision-making body. It is a preparatory, informative and advisory meeting for proposals and policies 
concerning the business of the local banks. The Managing Board, management team chairmen of the local 
banks and directors of local banks participate in this meeting. 
Employee Influence within Rabobank Group 
Rabobank Group attaches great value to consultations with the various employee representative 
bodies. Employee influence within Rabobank Group has been enabled at various levels. Issues concerning 
the Dutch business of Rabobank are handled by the works council (ondernemingsraad) of Rabobank (the 
“Works Council”). Local issues concerning the business of one, two or three local banks are handled by 
the local work(s) council(s). Issues concerning a subsidiary are handled by the works council of that 
subsidiary. Rabobank has also installed a European works council for issues concerning the businesses 
that operate in more than one EU member state. 
Material Subsidiaries or other interests 
Rabobank also conducts business through separate legal entities, not only in the Netherlands but 
also worldwide. At 31 December 2020 Rabobank was the (ultimate) shareholder of 376 subsidiaries and 
participations.  
Rabobank has assumed liability for debts arising from legal transactions for 15 of its Dutch 
subsidiaries under Section 2:403 DCC.

--- Page 303 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
303 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the rest of the Base 
Prospectus, including the information set forth in “Selected Financial Information” and the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto of Rabobank Group incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures for Rabobank Group at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 included in the following discussion and analysis have been adjusted as a result of 
changes in accounting policies and presentation. The adjusted figures for the year ended 31 December 
2019 have been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and the adjusted figures for the year ended 2018 have been derived from the audited 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019. See “Change in accounting 
policies and presentation” below for further information. The Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and comply with Part 9 
of Book 2 of the DCC.  
The financial data in the (sub) paragraphs in this chapter marked with an asterisk (*) has not been 
directly extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements but instead is derived from the 
accounting records of Rabobank and therefore this information is unaudited and unreviewed. 
The following discussion and analysis do not cover any period since 1 January 2021. For information 
on certain developments in this period, see “Description of Business of Rabobank Group – Recent 
Developments” and “Risk Factors - The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world may 
materially and adversely affect Rabobank's business, financial condition and results of operations”. 
Material Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
General market conditions* 
Rabobank Group’s results of operations are affected by a variety of market conditions, including 
economic cycles, fluctuations in stock markets, interest rates and exchange rates, and increased 
competition. Competition for mortgages and savings in the Netherlands continues in 2021. 
In 2020, 42 per cent. of Rabobank Group’s operating profit before tax was derived from its Dutch 
operations. Accordingly, changes in the Dutch economy, the levels of Dutch consumer spending and 
changes in the Dutch real estate, securities and other markets may have a material effect on Rabobank 
Group’s operations. However, because of Rabobank Group’s high level of product diversification, it has 
not experienced major fluctuations in its levels of profitability in the past. Outside of the Netherlands, the 
markets Rabobank Group focuses on, i.e. principally Food and Agri, have historically been impacted by 
business cycles only in a limited way. 
Although Rabobank Group expects that the foregoing factors will continue to affect its consolidated 
results of operations, it believes that the impact of any one of these factors is mitigated by its high level of 
product diversification. However, a protracted economic downturn in the Netherlands or Rabobank Group’s 
other major markets could have a material negative impact on its results of operations. See “Risk Factors 
– Section B: Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry”. 
Interest rates 
Changes in prevailing interest rates (including changes in the difference between the levels of 
prevailing short-term and long-term rates) can materially affect Rabobank Group’s results. For example, a 
sustained low interest rate environment could adversely affect Rabobank Group’s results, as due to the 
structure of its balance sheet, Rabobank has a significant level of non- and low-interest-bearing liabilities

--- Page 304 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
304 
(its reserves, balances on payment accounts and current accounts). Generally, a sustained period of lower 
interest rates will reduce the yields on the assets that are financed with these liabilities. Conversely, rising 
interest rates should, over time, increase investment income but may, at the same time, reduce the market 
value of pre-existing investment portfolios. Rising rates can also lead to higher or lower interest margins 
depending on whether Rabobank Group’s interest-earning assets reprice at a faster rate than interest-
bearing liabilities or the degree to which the spreads on assets or liabilities narrow or widen. Rabobank 
expects that the relatively low interest rate environment that it has faced in the recent past is likely to 
continue in 2021, with a corresponding impact on Rabobank Group’s results. 
Critical accounting policies 
The accounting policies that are most critical to Rabobank Group’s business operations and the 
understanding of its results are identified below. In each case, the application of these policies requires 
Rabobank to make complex judgements based on information and financial data that may change in future 
periods, the results of which can have a significant effect on Rabobank Group’s results of operations. As 
a result, determinations regarding these items necessarily involve the use of assumptions and judgements 
as to future events and are subject to change. Different assumptions or judgements could lead to materially 
different results. See the notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus for additional discussion of the application of Rabobank Group’s 
accounting policies. 
Impairment charges on financial assets 
Rabobank regularly assesses the adequacy of the impairment allowance on financial assets by 
performing ongoing evaluations of the relevant portfolio. Rabobank’s policies and procedures to measure 
impairment are IFRS-9 compliant. IFRS-9 works with a Credit Deterioration Model which requires banks 
to define three different stages reflecting different degrees of credit risk. Rabobank considers a financial 
asset to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is likely that Rabobank will not be 
able to collect all amounts due (principal and interest) according to the original contractual terms of the 
financial asset. 
Based on IFRS-9, the impairment allowance on financial assets consists of three components, or 
stages: 
 
Stage 1 allowance: for facilities for which no significant credit risk deterioration has been 
identified since initial recognition (no objective evidence for Default/Impairment). In this case, 
a 12-Months ECL (Expected Credit Loss) is recorded as an allowance. This allowance 
reflects the portion of lifetime expected credit losses resulting from default events on a 
financial instrument that are possible within the 12 months period after the reporting date. 
Calculation of such allowance is model-based. 
 
Stage 2 allowance: for facilities for which a significant increase in credit risk has been 
identified since initial recognition, but for which there has not been any objective evidence of 
Default/Impairment, a Lifetime ECL is recorded as an allowance. This allowance reflects the 
expected loss related to credit granting over the expected residual lifetime of such facility. 
Calculation of such allowance is model-based. 
 
Stage 3 allowance: for facilities that are in Default for which an objective evidence of 
Default/Impairment is available), a Lifetime ECL is recorded as an allowance. Calculation of 
such allowance depends on the nature of the borrower as described below: 
 
Stage 3A allowance: for Retail (such as Private Individuals and Retail SME), the 
calculation of the allowance is model-based.

--- Page 305 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
305 
 
Stage 3B allowance: for Other (such as Corporate, Institutions, Central Banks and 
Central Governments), the allowance is calculated based on the weighted average of 
the NPV of expected cash flows in three different scenarios. 
The impairment amount thus determined is recorded in the profit and loss account as an impairment 
charge and for the corresponding financial asset an allowance is posted against the financial asset balance 
in the balance sheet. 
Trading activities 
Rabobank’s trading portfolio is carried at fair value based on market prices or model prices if the 
market prices are not available. The market value of financial instruments in Rabobank Group’s trading 
portfolio is generally based on listed market prices or broker-dealer price quotations. If prices are not readily 
determinable, fair value is based on valuation models. The fair value of certain financial instruments, 
including OTC derivative instruments, are valued using valuations models that consider, among other 
factors, contractual and market prices, correlations, time value, credit, yield curve volatility factors or 
prepayment rates of the underlying positions. 
Change in accounting policies and presentation 
As a result of changes in accounting policies and presentation, certain figures for Rabobank Group 
for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 have been adjusted. See Rabobank 
Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 under note 2.1, “Basis of Preparation”. Where the year ended 31 December 2020 is 
compared with the year ended 31 December 2019, the adjusted figures for 2019 are discussed. Where 
the year ended 31 December 2019 is compared with the year ended 31 December 2018 the adjusted 
figures for 2018 are discussed. 
As per the financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2020, Expenses related to payment 
services have been reclassified from "Other administrative expenses" to "Fee and commission expense" 
to align with the supervisory financial reporting. The comparative figures were reclassified for an amount 
of €159 million on 31 December 2019. 
As per the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 IT staff costs, training and 
travel expenses have been reclassified from “Other Administrative Expenses” to “Staff Costs” to better 
reflect the type of costs incurred. The comparative figures were reclassified for an amount of € 590 million 
on 31 December 2018.  
Results of operations 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group for the 
periods indicated: 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted)(1)
 
2019 
2018 
(adjusted)(1)
  
Net interest income ..................................  
8,184 
8,455 
8,483 
8,559 
Net fee and commission income ..............  
1,780 
1,858 
1,989 
1,931 
Other results ............................................  
818 
1,443 
1,443 
1,530 
Income ....................................................  
10,782 
11,756 
11,915 
12,020 
Staff costs ................................................  
4,684 
4,821 
4,821 
4,868 
Other administrative expenses .................  
1,463 
1,715 
1,874 
2,190 
Depreciation and amortisation ..................  
395 
420 
420 
388

--- Page 306 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
306 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted)(1)
 
2019 
2018 
(adjusted)(1)
  
Total operating expenses ......................  
6,542 
6,956 
7,115 
7,446 
Gross result ............................................  
4,240 
4,800 
4,800 
4,574 
Impairment losses on goodwill and 
associates ................................................  
283 
300 
300 
- 
Impairment charges on financial assets ...  
1,913 
975 
975 
190 
Regulatory levies ......................................  
548 
484 
484 
478 
Operating profit before tax ....................  
1,496 
3,041 
3,041 
3,906 
Income tax ...............................................  
400 
838 
838 
902 
Net profit .................................................  
1,096 
2,203 
2,203 
3,004 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”. 
 
 
Comparison results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 (adjusted) 
Total income. Rabobank Group’s total income decreased by 8 per cent. in 2020 to €10,782 million 
compared to €11,756 million in 2019. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in net interest income 
and other results, as further described below. 
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by 3 per cent. to €8,184 million in 2020 
compared to €8,455 million in 2019. Both the divestment of our international retail activities (mainly RNA) 
and the low interest rate environment had a downward effect on our net interest income. Although we see 
volumes rising in Domestic Retail Banking (DRB), margins, mainly on payments accounts and savings are 
under severe pressure. The decrease in net interest income at W&R is primarily the result of retail activities 
that we divested in 2019. This result was partly off-set by increasing commercial margins. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €78 million to 
€1,780 million in 2020 compared to €1,858 million in 2019. At DRB, lower net fee and commission income 
resulted mainly from higher commission expenses for payment services and fewer payment transactions 
by private individuals and SME clients. At W&R, net fee and commission income decreased as COVID-19 
slowed down the economy with lower market activity. DLL's net fee and commission income decreased by 
15 per cent. primarily due to a drop in syndication activities caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Other results. Other results decreased by €625 million to €818 million in 2020 compared to €1,443 
million in 2019. The absence of positive revaluations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in 
lower income from our Corporate Investment division. Our other results were positively impacted by a 
higher result on our stake in Achmea. In 2019 our other results were boosted by the sale of Rabobank 
National Association (RNA) to Mechanics Bank. 
Total operating expenses. Rabobank Group’s total operating expenses decreased by €414 million 
in 2020 to €6,542 million compared to €6,956 million in 2019, primarily due to a decrease in staff costs and 
other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased €137 million to €4,684 million in 2020 compared to €4,821 million 
in 2019. In 2020, Rabobank's total staff numbers (including external hires) decreased by 550 FTEs to

--- Page 307 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
307 
43,272 in 2020 compared to 43,822 FTEs in 2019. Staff level at DRB decreased by 609 FTEs as a 
consequence of centralizing services, but this decrease was offset by FTE increases for Customer Due 
Diligence (CDD), transaction monitoring and investing in the bank's digital infrastructure. Driven by our 
divestment of retail operations in Indonesia, staff numbers at W&R decreased by 234 FTEs. Additionally, 
lower travel and hotel expenses and lower variable pay helped control our staff costs. Staff levels at DLL 
increased to accommodate business growth and provide extra staff to address the needs of customers 
arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €252 million to €1,463 
million in 2020 compared to €1,715 million in 2019. Lower expenses related to the SME derivatives 
recovery framework, lower restructuring expenses and VAT relief in 2020 had a downward effect on other 
administrative expenses in 2020. Lower expenses at W&R were also driven by the divestment of our retail 
activities in 2019. Higher other administrative expenses at DLL were mainly caused by higher costs related 
to collection and recovery. In addition, other administrative expenses were upwardly impacted by an 
impairment on our data centers. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €25 million to €395 
million in 2020 compared to €420 million in 2019, mainly as a result of the reduction of property in own use 
by DRB. This decrease was tempered by higher depreciation at W&R in the Netherlands and Australia. 
Impairment losses on goodwill and associates. Impairment losses on investments in associates 
decreased by €17 million to €283 million in 2020 compared to €300 million in 2019. In 2020, operating 
profit before tax was pressured by an impairment of Rabobank’s equity stake in Achmea (€213 million) 
and an impairment on goodwill (€70 million) at DLL. During 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak severely affected 
macroeconomic and market conditions worldwide, further exacerbating the low interest rate environment 
which has adverse implications for the European insurance sector, including Achmea. As a result, insurers 
are significantly challenged by asset allocations, profitability, solvency and business model adaptation. 
This development triggered the assessment of the value of the investment in Achmea including an update 
of the underlying model assumptions, which resulted in a downward adjustment of the carrying value of 
the equity investment in Achmea. Following the deterioration of market circumstances and the economic 
outlook, DLL impaired €70 million of goodwill for one of its subsidiaries. After this impairment, no goodwill 
related to leasing subsidiaries remains on the balance sheet. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets were up €938 
million to €1,913 million in 2020 compared to €975 million in 2019. This increase can be largely attributed 
to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak and the subsequent lockdown measures taken by 
governments to contain the spread of the coronavirus. A large part of this increase relates to Stage 1 and 
Stage 2 impairment charges: a total of €893 million in 2020 compared to €239 million in 2019. On an 
annual basis impairment charges on financial assets amounted to 46 basis points in 2020 compared to 23 
basis points in 2019, which is above the long-term average (period 2010-2019) of 29 basis points. The 
timely and collective action of governments and regulatory bodies was instrumental in mitigating and 
delaying the immediate effect of COVID-19 on our clients. When the macroeconomic outlook became more 
positive in the second half of the year, a potential release in the model-based allowances emerged. The 
translation of the dire economic circumstances into more defaults scarcely occurred in large parts of the 
portfolio due to the before-mentioned collective actions. Rabobank however anticipates higher (delayed) 
defaults in 2021 and decided to introduce significant Top Level Adjustments to compensate for the lower 
outcomes of the model-based allowance calculations. 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item for Rabobank Group of €548 million in 
2020, compared to €484 million in 2019. The increase is largely caused by a higher contribution to the 
deposit guarantee system as the level of deposits in 2020 was higher than in 2019.   
Income tax. The recognised tax expense was €400 million in 2020 compared to €838 million in 
2019, which corresponds to an effective tax rate of 27 per cent. in 2020 compared to 28 per cent. in 2019.

--- Page 308 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
308 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by 50 per cent. to €1,096 million in 2020 compared to €2,203 million 
in 2019. Lower income and higher impairments on financial assets had a negative impact on net profit 
compared to 2019.  
Comparison results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018 (adjusted) 
Total income. Rabobank Group’s total income decreased by €105 million in 2019 to €11,915 million 
compared to €12,020 million in 2018. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in net interest income 
and other results, as further described below. 
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by €76 million to €8,483 million in 2019 
compared to €8,559 million in 2018. This 1 per cent. decrease was the result of the persistent low interest 
rate environment, which has specifically impacted margins on savings and current accounts, partly 
mitigated by sound and stable margins on new lending.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by €58 million to €1,989 
million in 2019 compared to €1,931 million in 2018. At local Rabobanks, net fee and commission income 
on payment accounts and insurances increased. At W&R, net fee and commission income decreased 
slightly due to lower activity within Capital Markets and the M&A division. Net fee and commission income 
at DLL increased by 17 per cent. mainly as a result of higher fees earned on syndicated financial leases 
in the United States. 
Other results. Other results decreased by €87 million to €1,443 million in 2019 compared to €1,530 
million in 2018. On balance, the gross loss on fair value items was higher than last year: a loss of €162 
million in 2019 compared to a loss of €115 million in 2018. The sale of Rabobank, National Association 
(RNA) boosted other results at W&R. The Markets and Rabo Corporate Investment divisions could not 
match 2018's strong performance as market conditions were less favourable. Other results in the Property 
Development segment decreased by 46 per cent as the results in 2018 included the proceeds from the 
sale of the final part of FGH Bank's noncore CRE loan portfolio. Also, BPD figures no longer include the 
results of BPD Marignan after the sale of this subsidiary in 2018. At DLL other results went down by 7 per 
cent due to the release of a provision for DLL's foreign activities in 2018.  
Total operating expenses. Rabobank Group’s total operating expenses decreased €331 million in 
2019 to €7,115 million compared to €7,446 million in 2018, primarily due to a decrease in staff costs and 
other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased by €47 million to €4,821 million in 2019 compared to €4,868 
million in 2018. In 2019, Rabobank's total staff levels (including external hires) increased by 575 FTEs to 
43,822 FTEs compared to 43,247 FTEs in 2018. A substantial part of the increase in staff levels at DRB 
can be attributed to hiring additional capacity for CDD and digitalization. This increase was partly offset by 
a decrease in staff as a result of the implementation of a new operating model in the Netherlands 
(Bankieren 3.0). Staff levels at W&R decreased by 958 FTEs as a result of the sale of RNA. This decrease 
was partly offset by staff increases to support business growth within Rural and for digitalization and 
compliance related activities. At DLL, staff levels increased as expected in line with business growth. 
Despite the overall FTE increase in 2019, average staff levels dropped by 1 per cent. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €316 million to €1,874 
million in 2019 compared to €2,190 million in 2018. At DRB, Leasing and Property Development, 
administrative expenses were lower than in 2018. The decrease at Property Development is largely as a 
result of the phasing out of activities. Higher compliance costs had an upward effect on other administrative 
expenses.  
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation increased by €32 million to €420 
million in 2019 compared to €388 million in 2018 as a result of IFRS 16 and higher depreciation on premises 
and real estate, equipment and outfitting in North America, Asia and Europe.

--- Page 309 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
309 
Impairment losses on investments in associates. Impairment losses on investments in associates 
increased by €300 million to €300 million in 2019 compared to €0 million in 2018. In 2019, non-cash 
impairment of Rabobank’s stake in Achmea of €300 million negatively impacted Rabobank’s operating 
profit before tax. The impairment is a consequence of the sustained low interest rate setting that continues 
to negatively affect companies in the European insurance sector, including Achmea. The financial 
environment has had and is expected to continue to have in the future, an adverse effect on Achmea’s 
business and its results. This development triggered a re-assessment of Rabobank’s value of the 
investment in Achmea. The test to establish whether a potential impairment had occurred resulted in 
downward adjustments of the book value of the investment in Achmea in the amount of €300 million. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets were up €785 
million to €975 million in 2019 compared to €190 million in 2018. After a period of exceptionally low 
impairment charges, impairment charges returned to more normalized levels. This represents an increase 
of €785 million compared to 2018. Impairment charges on financial assets amounted to 23 basis points in 
2019 compared to 5 basis points in 2018, which is still below the long-term average (period 2009-2018) of 
32 basis points. Due to less optimistic macroeconomic scenarios used for IFRS, impairment charges in 
stage 1 and 2 were €239 million in 2019 compared to minus €72 million in 2018.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item for Rabobank Group of €484 million in 
2019, compared to €478 million in 2018.  
Income tax. The recognised tax expense was €838 million in 2019 compared to €902 million in 
2018, which corresponds to an effective tax rate of 28 per cent. in 2019 compared to 23 per cent. in 2018. 
The increase in tax rate was partly due to the fact that a large part of additional tier 1 capital instruments 
are not tax deductible anymore as from 1 January 2019. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by 27 per cent. to €2,203 million in 2019 compared to €3,004 million 
in 2018. Lower income and higher impairments on financial assets had a negative impact on net profit 
compared to 2018. Also, the impairment on Rabobank’s equity stake in Achmea had a downward effect 
on net profit. 
Segment Discussion 
Domestic Retail Banking 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s DRB 
business for the periods indicated:  
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
(adjusted)(1) 
2019 
2018
(adjusted)(1) 
Net interest income ...............................  
4,615 
5,258 
5,258 
5,575 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
1,314 
1,340 
1,490 
1,434 
Other results .........................................  
30 
67 
67 
56 
Total income .......................................  
5,959 
6,665 
6,815 
7,065 
Staff costs .............................................  
2,633 
2,738 
2,738 
2,765 
Other administrative expenses .............  
1,014 
1,027 
1,177 
1,382 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
82 
95 
95 
84 
Total operating expenses ..................  
3,729 
3,860 
4,010 
4,231 
Gross result ........................................  
2,230 
2,805 
2,805 
2,834 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
619 
152 
152 
(150) 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
312 
270 
270 
237

--- Page 310 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
310 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
(adjusted)(1) 
2019 
2018
(adjusted)(1) 
Operating profit before tax ................  
1,299 
2,383 
2,383 
2,747 
Income tax ............................................  
328 
607 
607 
712 
Net profit ..............................................  
971 
1,776 
1,776 
2,035 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”. 
 
Comparison results of Domestic Retail Banking for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 (adjusted) 
Total income. Domestic Retail Banking total income decreased by 11 per cent. to €5,959 million in 
2020, compared to €6,665 million in 2019 mainly due to a decrease in net interest income.  
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by 12 per cent. to €4,615 million in 2020, 
compared to €5,258 million in 2019. Net interest income was mainly pressured by continued shrinking 
margins on savings and current accounts as a result of the low interest rate environment. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by 2 per cent. to 
€1,314 million in 2020, compared to €1,340 million in 2019, due to lower income on payment services. 
Other results. Other results decreased by €37 million to €30 million in 2020, compared to €67 million 
in 2019. The decrease in other results is primarily because other results in 2019 were positively impacted 
by the sale of a share of Rabobank’s mortgage loan portfolio.  
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses for Domestic Retail Banking decreased 3 per 
cent. to €3,729 million in 2020, compared to €3,860 million in 2019, mainly as a result of a decrease in 
staff costs. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased by €105 million to €2,633 million in 2020, compared to €2,738 
million in 2019. Staff costs were reduced because the average size of the workforce was smaller than in 
2019 due to the centralisation of services and digitisation. Nonetheless, this decrease was partly offset by 
additional staffing for CDD and transaction monitoring. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €13 million to €1,014 
million in 2020, compared to €1,027 million in 2019. Other administrative expenses were positively 
impacted by a VAT relief in 2020. Furthermore, expenses related to the interest rate derivatives framework 
were lower than in the same period last year as were the restructuring costs. The revaluation of property 
for own use had an upward effect on expenses of €42 million in 2020, whereas in 2019, it had a downward 
effect on other administrative expenses of €60 million. In addition, other administrative expenses were 
negatively impacted by an additional impairment on our data centers. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €13 million to €82 
million in 2020, compared to €95 million in 2019, partly because of the reduced number of properties. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets increased by €467 
million to €619 million in 2020, compared to €152 million in 2019. This translates into 23 basis points of 
the average loan portfolio based on month-end balances in 2020, compared to 6 basis points in 2019, 
above the long-term average of 18 basis points. The impairment charges on financial assets increased in 
2020 as the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in less favourable economic conditions in the Netherlands.

--- Page 311 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
311 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies increased by €42 million to €312 million in 2020, compared to 
€270 million in 2019. The regulatory levies consist of bank tax, contributions to the Single Resolution Fund 
and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. 
Income tax. Income tax decreased in 2020 by €279 million to €328 million, compared to €607 million 
in 2019 as a result of the lower operating profit before tax in 2020. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by 45 per cent. to €971 million in 2020, compared to €1,776 million 
in 2019. The net result was negatively influenced by lower income as a result of the low interest rate 
environment and higher impairment charges on financial assets as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Comparison results of Domestic Retail Banking for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 (adjusted) 
Total income. Domestic Retail Banking total income decreased by 4 per cent. to €6,815 million in 
2019, compared to €7,065 million in 2018 mainly due to a decrease in net interest income.  
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by €317 million to €5,258 million in 2019, 
compared to €5,575 million in 2018. Despite slightly increased margins on mortgages, net interest income 
was pressured by shrinking margins on savings and current accounts as a result of the low interest rate 
environment.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by 4 per cent. to €1,490 
million in 2019, compared to €1,434 million in 2018, due to increased fees on payment accounts and on 
insurances. 
Other results. Other results increased by €11 million to €67 million in 2019, compared to €56 million 
in 2018. The increase in other results can be partly explained by the higher commercial agio received on 
whole loan sales.  
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses for Domestic Retail Banking decreased 5 per 
cent. to €4,010 million in 2019, compared to €4,231 million in 2018, as a result of a decrease in staff costs 
and other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased by €27 million to €2,738 million in 2019, compared to €2,765 
million in 2018. Staff costs fell as the digitalization and centralization of services reduced the average size 
of the workforce. The implementation of a new operating model in the Netherlands (known as 'Bankieren 
3.0') had a downward effect on the number of employees in the segment, while the regulatory agenda 
required extra staff in 2019. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €205 million to €1,177 
million in 2019, compared to €1,382 million in 2018. The revaluation of property for own use lowered 
expenses by €60 million. In 2018 this item had an upward effect on other administrative expenses of €61 
million. Project expenses related to the derivatives project were €33 million lower than last year and 
restructuring costs were lower and amounted to €57 million compared to €69 million in 2018. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation increased by €11 million to €95 million 
in 2019, compared to €84 million in 2018, partly caused by the implementation of IFRS 16. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets increased by €302 
million to reach €152 million in 2019, compared to minus €150 million in 2018. This translates into 6 basis 
points of the average loan portfolio based on month-end balances in 2019, compared to minus 5 basis 
point in 2018, below the long-term average of 20 basis points. The impairment charges on financial assets 
increased in 2019 but are still on a low-level benefitting from the favourable economic conditions in the 
Netherlands and are expected to continue the upward trend toward the longer-term average.

--- Page 312 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
312 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies increased €33 million to €270 million in 2019, compared to 
€237 million in 2018. The regulatory levies consist of bank tax, contributions to the Single Resolution Fund 
and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme. 
Income tax. Income tax decreased in 2019 by €105 million to €607 million, compared to €712 million 
in 2018 as a result of the lower operating profit before tax in 2019. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €259 million to €1,776 million in 2019, compared to €2,035 million 
in 2018. The net result was negatively influenced by lower income and higher impairment charges on 
financial assets.  
Wholesale & Rural 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s W&R  
business for the periods indicated:  
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
(adjusted)(1) 
2019 
2018
(adjusted)(1) 
Net interest income ...............................  
2,197 
2,431 
2,458 
2,388 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
361 
458 
438 
461 
Other results .........................................  
164 
766 
766 
486 
Total income .......................................  
2,722 
3,655 
3,662 
3,335 
Staff costs .............................................  
1,243 
1,402 
1,396 
1,292 
Other administrative expenses .............  
224 
481 
495 
491 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
90 
83 
83 
40 
Total operating expenses ..................  
1,557 
1,966 
1,974 
1,823 
Gross result ........................................  
1,165 
1,689 
1,688 
1,512 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
883 
611 
611 
300 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
149 
140 
140 
169 
Operating profit before tax ................  
 
 
133 
938 
937 
1,043 
Income tax ............................................  
117 
260 
260 
333 
Net profit ..............................................  
16 
678 
677 
710 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”. 
 
Comparison results of W&R for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
(adjusted) 
Total income. W&R total income decreased by €933 million to €2,722 million in 2020 compared to 
€3,655 million in 2019. This decrease was attributable to a decrease of all income items. 
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by 10 per cent. to €2,197 million in 2020, 
compared to €2,431 million in 2019. This decrease was mainly driven by our divestments of retail 
operations. This decrease was tempered by higher commercial margins. Adjusted for the sale of RNA, net 
interest income was up by 4%. Both the W&R divisions generated higher net interest income. In Wholesale, 
the net interest income increase was mainly evident in Asset Based Finance. Net interest income 
decreased at our deposit franchise RaboDirect.

--- Page 313 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
313 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by 21 per cent. to 
€361 million in 2020, compared to €458 million in 2019 due to lower fees because of COVID-19 which 
impacted our Capital Markets, Commodity Finance and Corporate Finance business.  
Other results. Other results decreased by €602 million to €164 million in 2020, compared to €766 
million in 2019 chiefly because of the book gain on the divestment of our retail operations in 2019, the 
absence of positive revaluations at our Corporate Investment division and lower income at our Markets 
division. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses decreased by 21 per cent. to €1,557 million in 
2020, compared to €1,966 million in 2019. This decrease was attributable to lower staff costs and lower 
other administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased by €159 million to €1,243 million in 2020, compared to €1,402 
million in 2019. Staff numbers at W&R showed a 2% decrease. These lower staff numbers can be largely 
explained by the divestment of our retail activities in Indonesia. The reduction in staff was partly offset by 
growth initiatives within Rural and additional staff related to structural investments in infrastructure and 
compliance. Lower hotel and travel expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic also contributed to 
the decrease in staff costs as did lower variable income. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €257 million to €224 
million in 2020, compared to €481 million in 2019. Other administrative expenses were positively impacted 
by a VAT relief. An additional impairment on our data centers had an upward effect on other administrative 
expenses. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation was up €7 million to €90 million in 
2020, compared to €83 million in 2019 due to higher depreciation in the Netherlands and Australia. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets at W&R increased 
by €272 million to €883 million in 2020, compared to €611 million in 2019. After a period characterized by 
low impairments, they have been rising since the first half of 2018. The outbreak of COVID-19 accelerated 
this increase. Significant increases occurred in the Stage 1 and Stage 2 impairments, whereas higher 
Stage 3 impairments were partly related to our Trade & Commodity Finance division. Total impairment 
charges on financial assets amounted to 81 basis points of the average private sector loan portfolio in 2020 
compared to 55 basis point in 2019. This is above the long-term average of 47 basis points. 
Regulatory levies. The regulatory levies led to an expense item of €149 million in 2020, compared 
to €140 million in 2019.  
Income tax. Income tax decreased in 2020 by €143 million to €117 million, compared to €260 million 
in 2019. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €662 million to €16 million in 2020, compared to €678 million in 
2019. Lower income and higher impairment charges on financial assets as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic had a downward effect on net profit in 2020. 
Comparison results of W&R for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
(adjusted) 
Total income. W&R total income increased by €327 million to €3,662 million in 2019 compared to 
€3,335 million in 2018. This increase was attributable to an increase in other results and net interest 
income. 
Net interest income. Net interest income increased by 3 per cent. to €2,458 million in 2019, 
compared to €2,388 million in 2018 This increase was driven by higher lending volumes. The strongest 
increase in net interest income was in Rabobank’s corporate and rural lending while the increase was 
tempered by a negative margin development in Brazil.

--- Page 314 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
314 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by 5 per cent. to €438 
million in 2019, compared to €461 million in 2018 due to lower activity levels in corporate finance, which is 
in line with market circumstances. 
Other results. Other results increased by €280 million to €766 million in 2019, compared to €486 
million in 2018 mainly due to the sale of RNA. The increase in other results was tempered by the results 
of Rabobank’s Markets division which was confronted with less favourable market conditions, and lower 
revaluations at Rabobank’s Corporate Investment division. Furthermore, the positive revaluation of ACC 
Loan Management's loan portfolio positively impacted other results in 2018.   
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased by 8 per cent. to €1,974 million in 
2019, compared to €1,823 million in 2018. This increase was attributable to higher staff costs and higher 
depreciation and amortisation. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €104 million to €1,396 million in 2019, compared to €1,292 
million in 2018. Staffing levels at W&R showed a 9 per cent decrease in 2019. The decrease as a result of 
the sale of RNA was partly offset by growth initiatives within Rural and additional staff related to 
digitalization and compliance.  
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased by 1 per cent. to €495 
million in 2019, compared to €491 million in 2018. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation was up €43 million to €83 million in 
2019, compared to €40 million in 2018 due to higher depreciation on premises and real estate, equipment 
and outfitting in North America, Asia and Europe.  
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets W&R increased by 
€311 million to €611 million in 2019, compared to €300 million in 2018. Significant impairments were seen 
in the Netherlands and Europe related to some non-related large individual cases and high impairments in 
Brazil (mainly sugar and ethanol) and the United States (mainly farm nutrition). The impairments have 
been rising since the first half of 2018. Total impairment charges on financial assets increased to 55 basis 
points of the average private sector loan portfolio compared to 29 basis point in 2018, above the long-term 
average of 52 basis points.  
Regulatory levies. The regulatory levies led to an expense item of €140 million in 2019, compared 
to €169 million in 2018.  
Income tax. Income tax decreased in 2019 by €73 million to €260 million, compared to €333 million 
in 2018. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €33 million to €677 million in 2019, compared to €710 million in 
2018. The higher impairment charges on financial assets lowered net profit in 2019. 
Leasing 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s 
leasing business for the periods indicated:

--- Page 315 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
315 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
(adjusted)(1) 
Net interest income ...............................  
1,100 
1052 
986 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
106 
124 
106 
Other results .........................................  
292 
255 
274 
Total income .......................................  
1,498 
1,431 
1,366 
Staff costs .............................................  
537 
536 
517 
Other administrative expenses .............  
200 
174 
194 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
27 
28 
27 
Total operating expenses ..................  
764 
738 
738 
Gross result ........................................  
734 
693 
628 
Impairment losses on goodwill 
 
70 
0 
0 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
410 
214 
105 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
29 
26 
25 
Operating profit before tax ................  
225 
453 
498 
Income tax ............................................  
61 
131 
99) 
Net profit ..............................................  
164 
322 
399 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”. 
 
Comparison results of Leasing for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
Total income. Total income of Leasing increased by 5 per cent. to €1,498 million in 2020, compared 
to €1,431 million in 2019. The increase was mainly due to an increase in net interest income and other 
results.  
Net interest income. Net interest increased by 5 per cent. to €1,100 million in 2020, compared to 
€1,052 million in 2019. The increase was mostly because margins improved as lease pricing was adjusted 
upward to reflect increased market risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €18 million to €106 
million in 2020, compared to €124 million in 2019. This is mainly the result of a drop in syndication activities 
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Other results. Other results mainly consist of income from operating leases and results from sales 
on end-of-lease assets. Other results increased by €37 million to €292 million in 2020 compared to €255 
million in 2019. The increase was partly the result of currency fluctuations. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses at DLL increased by €26 million to €764 million 
in 2020, compared to €738 million in 2019. Other administrative expenses were higher, while staff costs 
were stable, and depreciation and amortisation was lower. 
Staff costs. Staff costs were stable at €537 million in 2020, compared to €536 million in 2019 despite 
an increase in the number of employees to address customers' needs arising from the COVID-19 
pandemic. Staff numbers in the Leasing segment increased by 206 FTEs to 5,509 FTEs in 2020. Lower 
costs for travel, housing and variable pay had a downward effect on staff costs.

--- Page 316 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
316 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses increased €26 million to €200 million 
in 2020, compared to €174 million in 2019. This increase was driven by additional expenses related to 
collection and recovery of leased assets. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation decreased by €1 million to €27 million 
in 2020, compared to €28 million in 2019. 
Impairment losses on goodwill. Impairment losses on goodwill increased by €70 million to €70 
million in 2020, compared to €0 million in 2019. Following a deterioration of the market circumstances and 
economic outlook, DLL impaired €70 million of goodwill for one of its subsidiaries. After this impairment, 
no goodwill related to leasing subsidiaries remains on the balance sheet. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. DLL’s impairment charges on financial assets increased by 
€196 million to €410 million in 2020, compared to €214 million in 2019. Expressed in basis points of the 
average loan portfolio based on month-end balances, the impairment charges amounted to 127 basis 
points in 2020, compared to 67 basis points in 2019 and above the long-term average of 49 basis points. 
The measures taken by governments worldwide to control the COVID-19 pandemic also affected DLL’s 
vendors and customers. DLL has been supporting customers by granting payment relief when needed. 
Nonetheless, impairments still increased. Stage 1 and Stage 2 impairments have driven up total 
impairments and are linked to the macro-economic outlook in some of DLL's key markets. Stage 1 and 
Stage 2 impairments amounted to €190 million compared to €43 million in 2019. 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense of €29 million in 2020, compared to €26 
million in 2019. 
Income tax. Income tax decreased by €70 million to €61 million in 2020 compared to €131 million 
in 2018. The lower income taxes are driven by the lower operation profit before tax.  
Net profit. Net profit decreased by 49 per cent. to €164 million in 2020, compared to €322 million in 
2019 mainly driven by higher impairment charges on financial assets. 
Comparison results of Leasing for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
(adjusted) 
Total income. Total income of Leasing increased by 5 per cent. to €1,431 million in 2019, compared 
to €1,366 million in 2018. The increase was mainly due to an increase in net interest income and net fee 
and commission income.  
Net interest income. Net interest increased by 7 per cent. to €1,052 million in 2019, compared to 
€986 million in 2018 as result of portfolio growth. In 2018 net interest income was negatively affected by 
several residual value impairments on Food & Agri assets. 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income increased by €18 million to €124 
million in 2019, compared to €106 million in 2018. This is mainly the result of higher fees earned on 
syndicated leases in the United States.  
Other results. Other results mainly consist of income from operating leases and results from sales 
on end-of-lease assets. Other results decreased by €19 million to €255 million in 2019 compared to €274 
million in 2018. The decrease was entirely due to the release of a provision for foreign activities of DLL in 
2018 and partly compensated by lower asset impairments in 2019. 
Total operating expenses. Total operating expenses at DLL remained stable at €738 million in 2019, 
compared to €738 million in 2018. Other administrative expenses were higher, while staff costs and 
depreciation and amortisation were lower. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €19 million to €536 million in 2019, compared to €517 million 
in 2018 caused by the higher number of employees. Staff levels in the Leasing segment increased by 157 
FTEs to 5,303 FTEs in 2019 as a result of business growth.

--- Page 317 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
317 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased €20 million to €174 
million in 2019, compared to €194 million in 2018 as restructuring costs were lower in 2019. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation increased by €1 million to €28 million 
in 2019, compared to €27 million in 2018. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. DLL’s impairment charges on financial assets by €109 
million to €214 million in 2019, compared to €105 million in 2018. Expressed in basis points of the average 
loan portfolio based on month-end balances, the impairment charges amounted to 67 basis points in 2019, 
compared to 34 basis points in 2018 above the long-term average of 56 basis points. As DLL’s lease 
portfolio is spread over more than 30 countries and 9 industries, the associated credit risk is geographically 
diverse and spread across all industry sectors. In 2019, there were no new significant individual default 
cases in DLL's predominantly small ticket portfolio. The IFRS 9 stage 1 and 2 impairments were an 
important driver of the higher risk costs. 
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense of €26 million in 2019, compared to €25 
million in 2018. 
Income tax. Income tax increased in 2019 by €32 million to €131 million, compared to €99 million in 
2018. The higher income taxes are for a large part due to a one-off tax liability following a change in the 
fiscal structure of a DLL subsidiary.  
Net profit. Net profit decreased 19 per cent. to €322 million in 2019, compared to €399 million in 
2018 due to higher impairment charges on financial assets and an increase in income tax. 
Property Development 
The following table sets forth certain summarised financial information for Rabobank Group’s 
Property Development business for the periods indicated: 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018
(adjusted)(1) 
Net interest income ...............................  
(16) 
(10) 
(7) 
Net fee and commission income ...........  
1 
8 
10 
Other results .........................................  
309 
308 
571 
Total income .......................................  
294 
306 
574 
Staff costs .............................................  
91 
84 
137 
Other administrative expenses .............  
32 
40 
66 
Depreciation and amortisation ..............  
9 
7 
5 
Total operating expenses ..................  
132 
131 
208 
Gross result ........................................  
162 
175 
366 
Impairment charges on financial assets  
1 
2 
(15) 
Regulatory levies ..................................  
1 
2 
2 
Operating profit before tax ................  
160 
171 
379 
Income tax ............................................  
45 
40 
70 
Net profit ..............................................  
115 
131 
309 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Prior-year figures adjusted; see paragraph “Change in accounting policies and presentation”.

--- Page 318 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
318 
 
 
Comparison results of Property Development for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 
Total income. Total income in Rabobank Group’s Property Development business decreased by 4 
per cent to €294 million in 2020, compared to €306 million in 2019. This decrease was the result of a 
decrease in net fee and commission income. 
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by €6 million to minus €16 million in 2020 
compared minus €10 million in 2019. Net interest income of Property Development is negative, as BPD 
has to pay interest on the funding raised to finance its activities.  
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €7 million to €1 
million in 2020 compared to €8 million in 2019 as the activities of Bouwfonds Investment Management 
were phased out.  
Other results. Other results at the Property Development segment increased by €1 million to €309 
million in 2020, compared to €308 million in 2019. Driven by an increase in the number of houses sold, 
BPD's income in 2020 was higher than in 2019. 
Operating expenses. Total operating expenses increased by €1 million to €132 million in 2020, 
compared to €131 million in 2019. This increase is mainly caused by an increase in staff costs. 
Staff costs. Staff costs increased by €7 million to €91 million in 2020, compared to €84 million in 
2019. Higher staff numbers, which increased by 7% to 748 FTEs on December 31, 2020, resulted in the 
increase in staff costs 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €8 million to €32 
million in 2020, compared to €40 million in 2019 due to the sale and phasing out of related activities. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation increased by €2 million to €9 million 
in 2020, compared to €7 million in 2019. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets decreased to €1 
million in 2020, compared to €2 million in 2019.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item of €1 million in 2020, compared to €2 
million in 2019. 
Income tax. Income tax increased by €5 million to €45 million in 2020, compared to €40 million in 
2019. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €16 million to €115 million in 2020, compared to €131 million in 
2019, primarily due to phasing out of activities. Net profit at BPD increased by €4 million. 
Comparison results of Property Development for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 (adjusted) 
Total income. Total income in Rabobank Group’s Property Development business decreased by 47 
per cent to €306 million in 2019, compared to €574 million in 2018. This decrease was the result of 
decreases in net fee and commission income and other results. 
Net interest income. Net interest income decreased by €3 million to minus €10 million in 2019 
compared minus €7 million in 2018. Net interest income decreased mainly as a result of the sale of the 
remaining part of the loan portfolio of FGH Bank in 2018. Net interest income of Property Development is 
negative, as BPD has to pay interest on the funding raised to finance its activities.

--- Page 319 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
319 
Net fee and commission income. Net fee and commission income decreased by €2 million to €8 
million in 2018 compared to €10 million in 2018 as the activities of Bouwfonds Investment Management 
were phased out.  
Other results. Other results at the Property Development segment decreased by €263 million to 
€308 million in 2019, compared to €571 million in 2018. The decrease in other results is partly caused by 
BPD's pressured result following a delay in sales in 2019 and the nitrogen discussion in the Netherlands. 
Other results were also impacted by the deconsolidation of BPD’s French subsidiary at the end of 2018, 
following the sale of BPD Marignan in November 2018. Furthermore, the 2018 figures were also positively 
impacted by a book gain on the sale of FGH Bank's loan portfolio. 
Operating expenses. Total operating expenses decreased €77 million to €131 million in 2019, 
compared to €208 million in 2018. This decrease is caused by a decrease in staff costs and other 
administrative expenses. 
Staff costs. Staff costs decreased by €53 million to €84 million in 2019, compared to €137 million in 
2018. This decrease is the result of the sale of BPD Marignan and the remaining part of the loan portfolio 
of FGH Bank, as well as the phasing out of BIM. Staff levels increased by 8 percent in 2019 to 701 FTEs. 
Other administrative expenses. Other administrative expenses decreased by €26 million to €40 
million in 2019, compared to €66 million in 2018 due to the sale and phasing out of related activities. 
Depreciation and amortisation. Depreciation and amortisation increased by €2 million to €7 million 
in 2019, compared to €5 million in 2018. 
Impairment charges on financial assets. Impairment charges on financial assets increased to €2 
million in 2019, compared to minus €15 million in 2018.  
Regulatory levies. Regulatory levies led to an expense item of €2 million in 2019, compared to €2 
million in 2018. 
Income tax. Income tax decreased by €30 million to €40 million in 2019, compared to €70 million in 
2018. 
Net profit. Net profit decreased by €178 million to €131 million in 2019, compared to €309 million in 
2018, primarily due to lower income caused by the sale of BPD Marignan and phasing out of related 
activities. 
Loan Portfolio 
Our private sector lending decreased by €8.5 billion to €409.4 billion on 31 December 2020. Excluding 
currency fluctuations, the private sector loan portfolio decreased by approximately €1.3 billion. The 
mortgage portfolio stabilised at DRB, where strong new production balanced out with the high level of early 
repayments. DRB's total private sector loan portfolio amounts to €271.3 billion compared to €271.2 billion 
in 2019. Mainly driven by FX effects, W&R’s loan portfolio decreased by €6.5 billion and DLL's portfolio 
ended up €1.3 billion below the 2019 level. Excluding FX effects, the DLL portfolio showed a slight 
increase. The combined commercial real estate loan exposure across all segments amounted to €19.6 
billion in 2020 compared to €19.8 billion in 2019. 
 
Loans and advances to customers decreased by €4.4 billion, to €436.2 billion at 31 December 
2020 from €440.6 billion at 31 December 2019. The private sector loan portfolio decreased by €8.5 
billion to €409.4 billion at 31 December 2020 from €417.9 billion at 31 December 2019. Loans to 
private individuals, primarily for mortgage finance, were up €1.0 billion to €192.2 billion at 31 
December 2020. Residential mortgage loans are granted by local Rabobanks and by Obvion. These 
loans are secured on underlying properties and have maturities up to 30 years. Loans to the trade,

--- Page 320 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
320 
industry and services sector decreased by €3.3 billion to €111.7 billion at 31 December 2020. Lending 
to the food and agri sector decreased by €6.3 billion to €105.4 billion at 31 December 2020. 
 
The following table shows a breakdown of Rabobank Group’s total lending outstanding to the private 
sector at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, by category of borrower: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in billions of euro and as 
percentage of total private 
sector lending) 
 
                  2020 
 
         2019 (adjusted) 
 
         2018 
 
Private individuals ..............  
192.2 
47%
191.2 
46%
194.9 
47%
Trade, industry and 
services .............................  
111.7 
27%
115.0 
28%
118.0 
28%
Food and agri ....................  
105.4 
26%
111.7 
27%
103.1 
25%
Total private sector 
lending .............................  
409.4 
100%
417.9 
100%
416.0 
100%
 
The maturities of loans granted by Rabobank Group vary from overdraft facilities to 30-year term 
loans. 
The following table provides a breakdown of the remaining maturity of Rabobank Group’s total loans 
and advances to customers (public and private sector) and professional securities transactions at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. These amounts are non-restated for the netting of cash 
pooling arrangements and correspond to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December  
 
(in millions of euro and as 
percentage of total loans and 
advances to customers) 
 
             2020 
 
             2019 
 
Less than 1 year................................  
86,754 
20% 
88,306 
20%
More than 1 year ...............................  
349,428 
80% 
352,301 
80%
Total loans and advances to 
customers ........................................  
436,182 
100% 
440,607 
100%
 
Funding* 
Total deposits from customers increased to €361.0 billion in 2020, compared to €338.5 billion in 
2019. Our loan-to-deposit ratio (LtD ratio) landed at the historically low position of 1.12 compared to 1.22 
in 2019. Deposits from DRB customers increased to €279.4 billion compared to €253.1 billion in 2019 
billion partly as a result of lower spending due to the COVID-19 pandemic combined with unused holiday 
allowances. Retail savings at DRB increased by €11.1 billion to €134.8 billion. Deposits from customers in 
other segments decreased to €81.7 billion compared to €85.5 billion in 2019 mainly because of lower 
volumes at W&R and Treasury. 
 
The following table shows Rabobank Group’s sources of funding by source at 31 December 2020, 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018:

--- Page 321 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
321 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2020
 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
 
Current accounts ........................................................... 
107,706 
89,010 
85,511 
Deposits with agreed maturity ....................................... 
56,411 
59,627 
71,203 
Deposits redeemable at notice ..................................... 
190,699 
180,159 
175,932 
Repurchase agreements ............................................... 
550 
32 
13 
Other due to customers ................................................ 
92 
186 
1 
Debt securities in issue ................................................. 
113,521 
130,403 
130,806 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ................... 
5,175 
6,328 
6,614 
Total ............................................................................. 
474,154 
465,745 
470,080 
 
Rabobank Group also receives funds from the inter-bank and institutional markets. Rabobank 
Group’s total deposits from credit institutions were €61.2 billion at 31 December 2020, a 142 per cent. 
increase from €25.2 billion at 31 December 2019. 
 
Other Financial Assets 
Other financial assets comprise debt securities and other assets. Other financial assets are 
subdivided into the following categories: 
 
Financial assets held for trading; 
 
Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss; and 
 
Available-for-sale financial assets. 
The tables below show Rabobank Group’s financial assets as at the dates indicated.

--- Page 322 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
322 
 
 
Other financial assets as at 31 December 2020 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
Financial
assets held for 
trading 
Financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Financial 
assets 
mandatorily at
fair value
 
Total 
Purchased loans ......................................  
548 
1 
1,165 
1,713 
Short-term government securities ............  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Government bonds ...................................  
1,093 
0 
0 
1,093 
Other debt securities ................................  
715 
0 
43 
758 
Total debt securities ..............................  
2,356 
1 
1,208 
3,564 
Venture capital .........................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other equity instruments ..........................  
180 
0 
867 
1,047 
Total other assets ..................................  
180 
0 
867 
1,047 
Total ........................................................  
2,536 
1 
2,075 
4,611 
Category 1(1) .............................................  
1,950 
0 
0 
1,950 
Category 2(2) .............................................  
86 
0 
704 
790 
Category 3(3) .............................................  
500 
1 
1,371 
1,872 
 
 
 
Other financial assets as at 31 December 2019 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
Financial
assets held for 
trading 
Financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Available-for-
sale financial
assets 
Total 
Purchased loans ......................................  
106 
1 
1,106 
1,213 
Short-term government securities ............  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Government bonds ...................................  
666 
0 
0 
666 
Other debt securities ................................  
1,039 
0 
37 
1,076 
Total debt securities ..............................  
1,811 
1 
1,143 
2,955 
Venture capital .........................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other equity instruments ..........................  
59 
0 
762 
821 
Total other assets ..................................  
59 
0 
762 
821 
Total ........................................................  
1,870 
1 
1,905 
3,776 
Category 1(1) .............................................  
1,649 
0 
72 
1,721 
Category 2(2) .............................................  
147 
0 
620 
767 
Category 3(3) .............................................  
74 
1 
1,213 
1,288

--- Page 323 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
323 
 
 
Other financial assets as at 31 December 2018 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
Financial
assets held for 
trading 
Financial 
assets 
designated at 
fair value 
Available-for-
sale financial
assets 
Total 
Purchased loans ......................................  
149 
31 
1,642 
1,822 
Short-term government securities ............  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Government bonds ...................................  
1,055 
0 
0 
1,055 
Other debt securities ................................  
1,602 
126 
38 
1,766 
Total debt securities ..............................  
2,806 
157 
1,680 
4,643 
Venture capital .........................................  
0 
0 
0 
0 
Other equity instruments ..........................  
70 
0 
454 
524 
Total other assets ..................................  
70 
0 
454 
524 
Total ........................................................  
2,876 
157 
2,134 
5,167 
Category 1(1) .............................................  
2,382 
126 
0 
2,508 
Category 2(2) .............................................  
431 
23 
571 
1,025 
Category 3(3) .............................................  
63 
8 
1,563 
1.634 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Category 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
(2) 
Category 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in category 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, 
either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices); 
(3) 
Category 3: inputs for the asset or liability not based on observable market data. 
 
Credit-related Commitments* 
Credit granting liabilities represent the unused portions of funds authorised for the granting of credit 
in the form of loans, guarantees, letters of credit and other lending-related financial instruments. 
Rabobank’s credit risk exposure from credit granting liabilities consists of potential losses amounting to 
the unused portion of the authorised funds. The total expected loss is lower than the total of unused funds, 
however, because credit granting liabilities are subject to the clients in question continuing to meet specific 
standards of creditworthiness. Guarantees represent irrevocable undertakings that, provided certain 
conditions are met, Rabobank will make payments on behalf of clients if they are unable to meet their 
financial obligations to third parties. Rabobank also accepts credit granting liabilities in the form of credit 
facilities made available to ensure that clients’ liquidity requirements can be met, but which have not yet 
been drawn upon. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Total credit related commitments .............................  
96,783 
89,180 
87,537

--- Page 324 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
324 
Capital Adequacy 
Rabobank wishes to have an adequate solvency position, which it manages based on a number of 
ratios. The principal ratios are the CET1 Ratio, the Tier 1 ratio, the total capital ratio and the equity capital 
ratio. Rabobank’s internal targets exceed the regulators’ minimum requirements as it anticipates market 
expectations and developments in laws and regulations. Rabobank seeks to stand out from other financial 
institutions, managing its solvency position based on policy documents. The Risk Management Committee 
and the Asset and Liability Committee, the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board periodically discuss 
the solvency position and the targets to be used. 
Rabobank must comply with a number of minimum solvency positions stipulated under the law. The 
solvency position is determined based on ratios. These ratios compare Rabobank’s total capital and 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital with the total amount of the risk-weighted assets.  
The determination of the risk-weighted assets is based on separate methods for credit risk, 
operational risk and market risk. The risk-weighted assets are determined for credit risk purposes in many 
different ways. For most assets the risk weight is determined with reference to internal ratings and a 
number of characteristics specific to the asset concerned. For off-balance sheet items the balance sheet 
equivalent is calculated first, on the basis of internal conversion factors. The resulting equivalent amounts 
are then also assigned risk-weightings. An Advanced Measurement Approach model is used to determine 
the amount with respect to the risk-weighted assets for operational risk. With the market risk approach, the 
general market risk is hedged, as well as the risk of open positions in foreign currencies, debt and equity 
instruments, as well as commodities. 
The CET1 Ratio, the Tier 1 ratio and the total capital ratio are the most common ratios used to 
measure solvency. The CET1 Ratio expresses the relationship between Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
and total risk-weighted assets. At 31 December 2020, Rabobank Group’s CET1 Ratio stood at 16.8 per 
cent. (year-end 2019: 16.3 per cent.). Effective 1 January 2014, the minimum required percentages are 
determined on the basis of CRD IV/CRR. The total required (end state in 2020) CET1 Ratio amounts to 
11.81 per cent. 
Risk-weighted assets remained unchanged and were €205.8 billion at 31 December 2020 compared 
to €205.8 billion at 31 December 2019. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital increased by €1.0 billion to €34.6 
billion at 31 December 2020 compared to €33.6 billion at 31 December 2019. See “Regulation of Rabobank 
Group” for further discussion of the Basel standards. 
The Tier 1 ratio expresses the relationship between Tier 1 capital and total risk-weighted assets. As 
at 31 December 2020, Rabobank Group’s Tier 1 ratio stood at 19.0 per cent. (year-end 2019: 18.8 per 
cent.). The total required (end state in 2020) Tier 1 ratio amounts to 11.83 per cent. 
The total capital ratio is calculated by dividing the total of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital by the total of 
risk-weighted assets. At 31 December 2020, the total capital ratio stood at 24.2 per cent. (year-end 2019: 
25.2 per cent.). The total required (end state in 2020) total capital ratio amounts to 14.26 per cent. 
The following table sets forth the development in capital and solvency ratios of Rabobank Group at 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
Development in capital and solvency ratios 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros, except percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ...................................... 
34,647 
33,596 
32,122 
CET1 Ratio ................................................................... 
16.8% 
16.3% 
16.0%

--- Page 325 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
325 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros, except percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Tier 1 capital ................................................................. 
39,062 
38,754 
39,068 
Tier 1 ratio ..................................................................... 
19.0% 
18.8% 
19.5% 
Qualifying capital ........................................................... 
49,851 
51,961 
53,259 
Total capital ratio ........................................................... 
24.2% 
25.2% 
26.6% 
 
Cash flow 
The following table sets forth Rabobank Group’s cash flow for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018. 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Net cash flow from operating activities ......................... 
62,639 
(1,643) 
12,626 
Net cash flow from investing activities .......................... 
97 
(1,031) 
249 
Net cash flow from financing activities .......................... 
(16,229) 
(7,788) 
(6,560) 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents ................ 
46,507 
(10,462) 
6,315 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January ...................... 
63,086 
73,335 
66,861 
Net change in cash and cash equivalents .................... 
46,507 
(10,462) 
6,315 
Foreign exchange differences on cash and cash 
equivalents .................................................................... 
(1,127) 
213 
159 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................ 
108,466 
63,086 
73,335 
 
Net cash flow from operating activities increased to €62,639 million in the year ended 31 December 
2020 compared to minus €1,643 million in the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to a net change 
in Loans and advances to and deposits from credit institutions. 
Net cash flow from investing activities increased to €97 million in the year ended 31 December 2020 
compared to minus €1,031 million in the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to the sale of RNA in 
2019 for an amount of €996 million and the acquisitions of property, equipment and investment properties 
for an amount of €110 million. 
Net cash flow from financing activities decreased to minus €16,229 million in the year ended 31 
December 2020 compared to minus €7,788 million in the year ended 31 December 2019, mainly due to 
the proceeds from debt securities in issue. 
 
Working capital 
In the opinion of Rabobank Group, its working capital is sufficient for its present requirements, that 
is for at least 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus. Rabobank Group currently complies 
with the applicable own funds and liquidity requirements as set out in the CRD IV Directive as implemented 
in the FMSA and CRR.

--- Page 326 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
326 
Selected Statistical Information* 
The following section discusses selected statistical information regarding Rabobank Group’s 
operations. Unless otherwise indicated, average balances are calculated based on monthly balances and 
geographic data are based on the domicile of the customer. See “Results of operations” for an analysis of 
fluctuations in Rabobank Group’s results between periods. 
Return on equity and assets 
(in percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Return on assets (in percentages)(1) ............................  
0.17 
0.35 
0.49 
Net profit (in millions of euro) .......................................  
1,096 
2,203 
3,004 
Total average assets (month-end balances in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
630.1 
608.1 
607.1 
Return on equity (in percentages)(2) .............................  
2.68 
5.18 
7.35 
Net profit (in millions of euro) .......................................  
1,096 
2,203 
3,004 
Total average equity (quarter-end balance in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
40.8 
41.7 
40.9 
Equity to assets ratio (in percentages)(3) 
 
6.53 
6.92 
6.77 
Total average equity (quarter-end balances in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
40.8 
41.7 
40.9 
Total average assets (quarter-end balances in billions 
of euro) .........................................................................  
626.2 
602.0 
603.8 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
The return on assets states net profit as a percentage of total average assets, based on month-end balances. 
(2) 
The return on equity is a profitability ratio which states net profit as a percentage of average equity, based on 
quarter-end balances. 
(3) 
The equity to assets ratio is a leverage ratio and is calculated by dividing average equity by average total assets, 
based on quarter-end balances. 
 
The following table presents information relating to payments on Rabobank Certificates for the years 
ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
(in millions of euro, except percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Average outstanding Rabobank Certificates(1) .............  
7,477 
7,448 
7,445 
Payments .....................................................................  
0 
484 
484 
Average yield(2) ............................................................  
0% 
6.50% 
6.50%
 
Notes: 
 
(4) 
Average outstanding Rabobank Certificates based on month-end balances. 
(5) 
Average yield is calculated by dividing payments by the average outstanding Rabobank Certificates.

--- Page 327 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
327 
Loan portfolio 
Rabobank Group’s loan portfolio consists of loans, overdrafts, assets subject to operating leases, 
finance lease receivables to governments, corporations and consumers and reverse repurchase 
agreements. The following table analyses Rabobank Group’s loan portfolio by sector as at 31 December 
2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in billions of euro) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Private sector lending ................................................... 
409.4 
417.9 
416.0 
Loans to government clients ......................................... 
2.0 
2.1 
1.9 
Receivables relating to securities transactions ............. 
17.4 
13.6 
12.9 
Hedge accounting ......................................................... 
7.4 
7.0 
5.8 
Total loans and advances to customers ................... 
436.2 
440.6 
436.6 
Loan impairment allowance loans and advances to 
customers ..................................................................... 
(4.7) 
(3.9) 
(3.7) 
Reclassified assets ....................................................... 
— 
— 
- 
Gross loans and advances to customers ................. 
431.5 
436.7 
432.9 
 
The following table sets forth a geographic breakdown of Rabobank Group’s private sector loan 
portfolio as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euro) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
The Netherlands ........................................................... 
293,739 
292,637 
294,628 
Other European countries in the EU zone .................... 
34,027 
33,556 
31,337 
North America ............................................................... 
37,387 
41,681 
44,255 
Latin America ................................................................ 
11,852 
15,362 
14,067 
Asia ............................................................................... 
7,456 
9,449 
8,887 
Australia ........................................................................ 
24,483 
24,663 
22,589 
Africa ............................................................................. 
436 
566 
262 
Total private sector lending ....................................... 
409,380 
417,914 
416,025 
 
Risk Elements 
Breakdown of assets and liabilities by repayment date 
The table below shows assets and liabilities grouped according to the period remaining from the 
reporting date to the contractual repayment date. These amounts correspond with the amounts included 
in the consolidated statement of financial position.

--- Page 328 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
328 
Current and non-current 
financial instruments 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
in millions of euros 
 
On demand 
Less than 3 
months 
3 months to
1 year 
1-5 years 
Longer than 
5 years 
No maturity
applicable 
Total 
Financial assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
108,138 
16 
—
 
— 
— 
312 
108,466 
Loans and advances to 
credit institutions ................  
10,599 
7,424 
1,034 
56 
94 
2,176 
21,383 
Financial assets held for 
trading ................................  
4 
23 
98 
574 
1,657 
180 
2,536 
Financial assets 
designated at fair value .....  
— 
—
 
1 
— 
— 
— 
1 
Financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value ....  
126 
29 
569 
39 
487 
825 
2,075 
Derivatives .........................  
1,963 
2,200 
3,695 
3,520 
18,260 
— 
29,638 
Loan and advances to 
customers ..........................  
35,288 
15,287 
36,179 
106,376 
234,149 
8,903 
436,182 
Financial assets at fair 
value through OCI .............  
389 
710 
2,027 
4,877 
7,158 
334 
15,495 
Other assets (excluding 
employee benefits) ............  
631 
1,150 
862 
1,688 
129 
3,043 
7,503 
Total financial assets ......  
157,138 
26,839 
44,465 
117,130 
261,934 
15,773 
623,279 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from credit 
institutions..........................  
2,969 
999 
2,410 
44,263 
565 
9,956 
61,162 
Deposits from customers ..  
309,882 
10,189 
11,132 
6,956 
22,164 
705 
361,028 
Debt securities in issue .....  
8,162 
10,328 
22,592 
40,972 
31,467 
— 
113,521 
Derivatives .........................  
2,208 
2,271 
3,038 
4,502 
16,370 
13 
28,402 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading ................................  
— 
998 
— 
— 
— 
— 
998 
Other liabilities (excluding 
employee benefits) ............  
1,774 
1,677 
1,371 
385 
83 
632 
5,922 
Lease Liabilities .................  
1 
13 
28 
198 
264 
—
 
504 
Financial liabilities 
designated at fair value .....  
15 
175 
1,311 
1,559 
2,115 
— 
5,175 
Subordinated liabilities ......  
— 
— 
1,999 
6,201 
5,286 
— 
13,486 
Total financial liabilities ..  
325,011 
26,650 
43,881 
105,036 
78,314 
11,306 
590,198 
Net balance ......................  
(167,873) 
189 
584 
12,094 
183,620 
4,467 
33,081 
 
The overview presented above has been composed on the basis of contractual information and 
does not represent the actual movements of these financial instruments. However, such actual movements 
are taken into account for the day-to-day management of the liquidity risk. Deposits from customers are 
an example. Under contract, these are payable on demand. Historically, this is a very stable source of 
long-term financing that Rabobank has at its disposal. 
Interest rate sensitivity* 
The key indicators used for managing the interest rate risk are the Basis Point Value (“BPV”), the 
Equity at Risk and the Income at Risk.

--- Page 329 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
329 
The BPV is the absolute loss of economic value of equity after a parallel shift of the yield curve with 
1 basis point. In 2020, the BPV was minus 0.3 EUR million. 
Long-term interest rate risk is measured and managed using the Equity at Risk concept. Equity at 
Risk is the sensitivity of Rabobank Group’s economic value of equity to interest rate fluctuations. A 100 
basis point overnight upward parallel shock of the curve will result in a 0.1 per cent. drop in economic value 
of equity (figure at 31 December 2020). 
Short-term interest rate risk is monitored using the Income at Risk concept. This is the amount of 
net interest income that is put at risk on an annual basis, based on certain interest rate scenarios. If interest 
rates were to gradually decrease 10 basis points over a one-year period, net interest income would 
decrease by €74 million (figure at 31 December 2020). 
Cross-border outstandings* 
Cross-border outstandings are defined as loans (including accrued interest), acceptances, interest-
earning deposits with other banks, other interest-earning investments and any other monetary assets 
which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the office or subsidiary where 
the extension of credit is booked. To the extent that the material local currency outstandings are not hedged 
or are not funded by local currency borrowings, such amounts are included in cross-border outstandings. 
At 31 December 2020, there were no cross-border outstandings exceeding 1 per cent. of total assets 
in any country where current conditions give rise to liquidity problems which are expected to have a material 
impact on the timely repayment of interest or principal. 
The following table analyses cross-border outstandings at the end of each of the last three years 
and as at 31 December 2020, stating the name of the country and the aggregate amount of cross-border 
outstandings in each foreign country where such outstandings exceeded 1 per cent. of total assets, by 
type of borrower: 
(in millions of euros) 
 
Banks 
Public 
authorities 
Private 
sector 
Total
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
United Kingdom ....................................  
8,772 
- 
11,992 
20,764
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
France  .................................................  
8,434 
713 
1,412 
10,559
United Kingdom ....................................  
11,991 
- 
11,645 
23,636
As at 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
 
Australia................................................  
616 
1,079 
15,127 
16,822
Brazil ....................................................  
729 
407 
8,827 
9,963
France  .................................................  
2,318 
1,318 
4,514 
8,150
New Zealand ........................................  
108 
419 
7,901 
8,428
Germany  ..............................................  
807 
336 
5,887 
7,030
United Kingdom  ...................................  
5,547 
2,276 
12,313 
20,136
United States ........................................  
1,899 
6,541 
53,879 
62,319
Switzerland  ..........................................  
592 
4,476 
2,848 
7,916

--- Page 330 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
330 
Diversification of loan portfolio* 
One of the principal factors influencing the quality of the earnings and the loan portfolio is 
diversification of loans, e.g. by industry or by region. Rabobank Group uses the North America Industry 
Classification System (“NAICS”) as the leading system to classify industries. NAICS distinguishes a large 
number of sectors, subsectors and industries. 
The following table is based on data according to NAICS and represents the loan portfolio of 
Rabobank Group loans by main sector at 31 December 2020: 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020 
(in millions of euros) 
 
On balance 
Off balance 
Total
Grain and oilseeds ........................................................  
19,596 
4,438 
24,035
Animal protein ...............................................................  
17,810 
4,646 
22,457
Dairy ..............................................................................  
21,797 
3,178 
24,975
Fruit and vegetables .....................................................  
11,449 
2,218 
13,666
Farm inputs ...................................................................  
11,149 
5,511 
16,661
Food retail and food service ..........................................  
5,698 
2,402 
8,100
Beverages .....................................................................  
2,463 
2,300 
4,764
Flowers .........................................................................  
2,326 
350 
2,676
Sugar ............................................................................  
2,565 
581 
3,146
Miscellaneous crop farming ..........................................  
1,623 
254 
1,876
Other food and agri .......................................................  
8,951 
3,836 
12,787
Total private sector lending to food and agri ...........  
105,427 
29,716 
135,143
Lessors of real estate ....................................................  
12,888 
434 
13,323
Finance and insurance (except banks) .........................  
17,782 
9,443 
27,225
Wholesale .....................................................................  
11,497 
9,278 
20,775
Activities related to real estate ......................................  
5,578 
568 
6,146
Manufacturing ...............................................................  
11,243 
6,174 
17,417
Transportation and warehousing ..................................  
6,924 
2,291 
9,215
Construction ..................................................................  
6,273 
3,852 
10,125
Healthcare & social assistance .....................................  
6,125 
1,572 
7,696
Professional, scientific and technical services ..............  
7,491 
3,707 
11,198
Retail (except food and beverages) ..............................  
5,570 
2,744 
8,314
Utilities ..........................................................................  
4,545 
4,336 
8,882
Information and communication ....................................  
1,267 
569 
1,837
Arts, entertainment and recreation ................................  
1,613 
229 
1,842
Other services ...............................................................  
12,952 
5,298 
18,249
Total private sector lending to trade, industry and 
services ........................................................................  
111,748 
50,498 
162,246
Private individuals .........................................................  
192,205 
13,188 
205,393
Total private sector lending .......................................  
409,380 
93,402 
502,782

--- Page 331 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
331 
 
Apart from loans and advances to credit institutions (€21.4 billion at 31 December 2020 which is 3.4 
per cent. of total assets), Rabobank’s only significant risk concentration, in the private sector portfolio, is 
loans to private individuals which accounted for 47 per cent. of the private sector loan portfolio at 31 
December 2020. This portfolio has a relatively low risk profile as evidenced by the actual losses incurred 
in previous years. The proportion of the total loan portfolio attributable to the food and agri sector was 26 
per cent. at 31 December 2020. The proportion of the total loan portfolio attributable to trade, industry and 
services was 27 per cent. at 31 December 2020. Loans to trade, industry and services and loans to the 
food and agri sector are both spread over a wide range of industries in many different countries. None of 
these shares represents more than 10 per cent. of the total loan portfolio. 
Non-performing loans* 
Rabobank focuses on non-performing loans. These meet at least one of the following criteria: 
 
They are material loans in arrears by more than 90 days. The threshold for materiality amounts to 
€1,000 per facility for retail exposures and expert judgement for other asset classes within 
Rabobank Group; 
 
The debtor is assessed as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, 
regardless of the existence of any past due amount or the number of days past due. 
On 31 December 2020 the non-performing loans (NPL) had decreased to €13.9 billion compared to 
€15.7 billion in 2019. The NPL ratio was 2.5 per cent. compared to 3.0 per cent. in 2019. and the NPL 
Coverage ratio was 23 per cent. compared to 20 per cent. in 2019. The decrease of NPL is mainly in the 
domestic business portfolio and the result of proactive NPL management. 
The following table provides an analysis of Rabobank Group’s non-performing loans by business at 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
 
 
At 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018
DRB ..............................................................................  
7,284 
9,488 
11,794
W&R ..............................................................................  
5,592 
5,267 
6,115
Leasing .........................................................................  
1,006 
886 
478
Property Development ..................................................  
0 
65 
49
Rabobank Group .........................................................  
13,882 
15,705 
18,436
 
Summary of loan loss experience 
The following table shows the movements in the allocation of the allowance for loan losses on loans 
accounted for as loans to customers as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018: 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
DRB .............................................................................. 
2,124 
2,267 
2,693 
W&R .............................................................................. 
1,596 
1,330 
1,297 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
357 
265 
257 
Property Development .................................................. 
14 
7 
270

--- Page 332 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
332 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Balance on 1 January ................................................. 
4,091 
3,869 
4,517 
DRB .............................................................................. 
(417) 
(324) 
(459) 
W&R .............................................................................. 
(487) 
(254) 
(290) 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
(183) 
(156) 
(141) 
Property Development .................................................. 
0 
0 
(123) 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Write-down of defaulted loans during the period .... 
(1,087) 
(734) 
(1,013) 
DRB .............................................................................. 
8 
(30) 
127 
W&R .............................................................................. 
(149) 
(91) 
49 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
(20) 
(5) 
9 
Property Development .................................................. 
(15) 
5 
(127) 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Interest and other adjustments ................................. 
(176) 
(121) 
58 
DRB 
 
678 
211 
(94) 
W&R 
 
889 
611 
274 
Leasing 
 
448 
253 
140 
Property Development 
 
1 
2 
(13) 
Other 
 
0 
0 
0 
Net additions 
 
2,016 
1,077 
307 
DRB .............................................................................. 
2,393 
2,124 
2,267 
W&R .............................................................................. 
1,849 
1,596 
1,330 
Leasing ......................................................................... 
602 
357 
265 
Property Development .................................................. 
0 
14 
7 
Other ............................................................................. 
0 
0 
0 
Balance on end of period ........................................... 
4,844 
4,091 
3,869 
 
Deposits from customers 
The following table presents a breakdown of deposits from customers as at 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019 and 31 December 2018. Interest rates paid on time deposits and savings deposits reflect 
market conditions and not all current accounts earn interest. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020
 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
Current accounts ...........................................................  
107,706 
89,010 
85,511

--- Page 333 ---
Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
 
333 
 
 
As at 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020
 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
Deposits with agreed maturity .......................................  
56,411 
59,627 
71,203
Deposits redeemable at notice .....................................  
190,699 
180,159 
175,932
Repurchase agreements ...............................................  
550 
32 
13
Fiduciary deposits .........................................................  
5,570 
9,522 
9,750
Other deposits from customers .....................................  
92 
186 
1
Total due to customers ..............................................  
361,028 
338,536 
342,410
 
Short-term borrowings* 
Short-term borrowings are borrowings with an original maturity of one year or less. These are 
included in Rabobank Group’s consolidated statement of financial position within the line item “Debt 
securities in issue”. The following table includes an analysis of the balance of short-term borrowings as at 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 is provided below. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020
2019
2018
End of period balance ...................................................  
23,162 
26,699 
29,729
Average balance ...........................................................  
26,275 
30,832 
36,881
Maximum month-end balance .......................................  
29,962 
35,429 
40,450
 
Long-term borrowings* 
Long-term borrowings are borrowings with an original maturity of more than one year. These are 
included in Rabobank Group’s consolidated statement of financial position within the line items “Debt 
securities in issue” and “Other financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss”. The following table 
includes an analysis of the balance of long-term borrowings as at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2018 is provided below. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
End of period balance ................................................... 
95,534 
110,032 
107,691 
Average balance ........................................................... 
100,064 
109,989 
107,692 
Maximum month-end balance ....................................... 
105,707 
113,353 
110,608

--- Page 334 ---
Selected financial information 
 
334 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following selected financial data for the year ended 31 December 2018 are derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2019. The 
following selected financial data for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are derived from the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Rabobank Group for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
which has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. The financial ratios, excluding the 
leverage ratio, the fully loaded common equity tier 1 ratio and loan impairment charges in basis points of 
average lending which are marked with an asterisk (*), are derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of Rabobank Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
The data should be read in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements (and 
related notes), incorporated by reference herein and “Important Information – Responsibility statement – 
Presentation of Financial and other Information”, “Capitalisation and indebtedness of Rabobank Group” 
and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included 
in this Base Prospectus. Rabobank Group’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union and comply with Part 9 of Book 2 of 
the DCC.  
The financial data in the (sub) paragraphs in this chapter marked with an asterisk (*) have not been 
directly extracted from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements but instead are derived from other 
accounting records of Rabobank. 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents ..........................................  
108,466 
63,086 
73,335 
Loans and advances to credit institutions ....................  
21,383 
29,297 
17,859 
Financial assets held for trading ..................................  
2,536 
1,870 
2,876 
Financial assets designated at fair value .....................  
1 
1 
157 
Financial assets mandatorily at fair value ....................  
2,075 
1,905 
2,134 
Derivatives ...................................................................  
29,638 
23,584 
22,660 
Loans and advances to customers ..............................  
436,182 
440,607 
        436,591 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income…………………………………..  
15,495 
13,505 
18,730 
Investments in associates and joint ventures ..............  
2,183 
2,308 
2,374 
Goodwill and other intangible assets ...........................  
740 
829 
966 
Property and equipment ...............................................  
4,565 
5,088 
4,455 
Investment properties ..................................................  
450 
371 
193 
Current tax assets ........................................................  
136 
169 
243 
Deferred tax assets ......................................................  
849 
933 
1,165 
Other assets .................................................................  
7,507 
6,610 
6,431

--- Page 335 ---
Selected financial information 
 
335 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted) 
Non-current assets held for sale ..................................  
52 
435 
268 
Total assets ................................................................  
632,258 
590,598 
590,437 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted) 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Deposits from credit institutions ...................................  
61,162 
25,244 
19,397 
Deposits from customers .............................................  
361,028 
338,536 
342,410 
Debt securities in issue ................................................  
113,521 
130,403 
130,806 
Financial liabilities held for trading ...............................  
998 
399 
400 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value ..................  
5,175 
6,328 
6,614 
Derivatives ...................................................................  
28,402 
24,074 
23,927 
Other liabilities .............................................................  
6,647 
6,835 
6,342 
Provisions ....................................................................  
619 
783 
1,126 
Current tax liabilities .....................................................  
158 
228 
229 
Deferred tax liabilities ...................................................  
430 
540 
452 
Subordinated liabilities .................................................  
13,486 
15,790 
16,498 
Liabilities held for sale ..................................................  
— 
91 
— 
Total liabilities ............................................................  
591,626 
549,251 
548,201 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted) 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Reserves and retained earnings ..................................  
27,852 
28,157 
27,264 
Equity instruments issued by Rabobank 
 
 
 
 
– 
Rabobank Certificates ...........................................  
7,822 
7,449 
7,445 
– 
Capital Securities ...................................................  
4,482 
5,264 
6,493 
 
 
12,304 
12,713 
13,938 
Equity instruments issued by subsidiaries 
 
 
 
 
– 
Capital Securities ...................................................  
— 
— 
164 
– 
Trust Preferred Securities IV .................................  
— 
— 
              389 
 
 
— 
— 
553

--- Page 336 ---
Selected financial information 
 
336 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted) 
Other non-controlling interests .....................................  
476 
477 
481 
Total equity ..................................................................  
40,632 
41,347 
42,236 
Total equity and liabilities .............................................  
632,258 
590,598 
590,437 
 
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —
Change in accounting policies and presentation” for a comparison of the figures that were adjusted in the 
audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
compared to, respectively, the audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted)
Net interest income ......................................................   
8,184 
8,455 
8,559
Net fee and commission income ..................................   
1,780 
1,858 
1,931
Other results ................................................................   
818 
1,443 
1,530
Income ........................................................................   
10,782 
11,756 
12,020
Staff costs ....................................................................  
4,684 
4,821 
4,868
Other administrative expenses ....................................   
1,463 
1,715 
2,190
Depreciation and amortisation .....................................   
395 
420 
388
Operating expenses ...................................................   
6,542 
6,956 
7,446
Impairment losses on goodwill and associates……….  
283 
300 
0
Impairment charges on financial assets .......................   
1,913 
975 
190
Regulatory levies .........................................................   
548 
484 
478
Operating profit before tax ........................................   
1,496 
3,041 
3,906
Income tax ...................................................................  
400 
838 
902
Net profit .....................................................................   
1,096 
2,203 
3,004
Of which attributed to Rabobank ..................................  
822 
1,295 
1,894
Of which attributed to holders of Rabobank Certificates
 .....................................................................................   
— 
484 
484
Of which attributed to Capital Securities issued by 
Rabobank .....................................................................   
233 
355 
530
Of which attributed to Capital Securities issued by 
subsidiaries ..................................................................   
— 
4 
14
Of which attributed to Trust Preferred Securities IV .....   
— 
19 
22

--- Page 337 ---
Selected financial information 
 
337 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019
(adjusted) 
2018
(adjusted)
Of which attributed to non-controlling interests ............   
41 
46 
60
Net profit for the year ................................................   
1,096 
2,203 
3,004
 
Financial Ratios: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Total capital ratio ..........................................................  
24.2% 
25.2% 
26.6%
Tier 1 ratio ....................................................................  
19.0% 
18.8% 
19.5%
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio .........................................  
16.8% 
16.3% 
16.0%
Equity capital ratio ........................................................  
18.0% 
17.7% 
17.7%
Leverage ratio* .............................................................  
7.0% 
6.3% 
6.4%
Impairment charges on financial assets (in basis 
points of average lending) ............................................  
46 
23 
5

--- Page 338 ---
Risk management 
 
338 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Rabobank Group places a high priority on the management of risk and has extensive procedures in 
place for systematic risk management. Within Rabobank Group, the risk management policies relating to 
credit risk, interest rate risk, market risk and liquidity risk are developed and monitored by the Risk 
Management Committee Rabobank Group (“RMC”) in cooperation with the Risk Management Department. 
The RMC is responsible for financial and non-financial risk management, establishing risk policy, setting 
risk measurement standards, broadly determining limits and monitoring developments, and advising the 
Managing Board on all relevant issues regarding risk management. 
The principal risks faced by Rabobank Group are credit risk, country risk, interest rate risk, liquidity 
risk, market risk, operational risk (including legal risk) and currency risk. Rabobank has implemented an 
economic capital framework to determine the amount of capital it should hold on the basis of its risk profile 
and desired credit rating. Economic capital represents the amount of capital needed to cover for all risks 
associated with a certain activity. The economic capital framework makes it possible to compare different 
risk categories with each other because all risks are analysed by using the same methodology. See also 
“Risk Factors”.  
Credit risk 
Rabobank Group aims to offer continuity in its services. It therefore pursues a prudent credit policy. 
Once granted, loans are carefully managed so there is a continuous monitoring of credit risk. At 31 
December 2020, 47 per cent. of Rabobank Group’s private sector lending consisted of loans to private 
individuals, mainly residential mortgages, which tend to have a very low risk profile in relative terms. The 
remaining 53 per cent. was a highly diversified portfolio of loans to business clients in the Netherlands and 
internationally.  
Within the boundaries set by the RMC the Managing Board has delegated decision-making authority 
to transactional committees and to credit decision approval officers that operate on an entity level, regional 
level or central level at Rabobank. In addition, credit committees review all significant risks in credit 
proposals to arrive at a systematic judgment and a balanced decision. Rabobank has various levels of 
credit committees. Applications exceeding authority level of a credit committee are complemented with a 
recommendation and submitted to a ‘higher’ credit committee for decision-making. Within Rabobank the 
‘highest’ transactional committees are the following: 
 
Central Credit Committee Rabobank Group (CCCRG) – The CCCRG takes credit decisions on 
credit applications subject to the ‘corporate credit approval route’ exceeding: 
 
the authority of Credit Approvals Local Banks (CA LB) – This department is responsible for decisions 
on requests for non-classified (LQC Good or OLEM) obligors exceeding the authority of Local Banks 
in The Netherlands. 
 
the authority of Credit Approvals Wholesale & Rural (CA Wholesale & Rural) – This department is 
responsible for decisions on requests for non-classified (LQC Good or OLEM) obligors exceeding 
the authority of De Lage Landen (DLL) or a W&R office/region. 
 
the authority of the Credit Committee Financial Restructuring & Recovery (CC-FR&R) - This credit 
committee takes credit decisions on proposals for classified (LQC Substandard, Doubtful or Loss) 
obligors exceeding the authority of local credit committees and the FR&R department.  
 
Country & Financial Institutions Committee (CFIC) – The CFIC takes credit decisions on proposals 
exceeding the authority of Credit Financial Institutions or Country Risk Research. These

--- Page 339 ---
Risk management 
 
339 
departments are responsible for the risk management of exposure on financial institutions and 
sovereigns/countries. 
 
Loan Loss Provision Committee (LLPC) – The LLPC monitors the development of qualified credit 
and asset portfolios and recommends on the combined impairment allowances and top level 
adjustments at Rabobank level to the Managing Board. 
The Terms of Reference (ToR) provide the mandate, responsibilities and scope, hierarchical 
relationships, membership, authority levels and modalities of these approval bodies. Credit committees 
take decisions on the basis of consensus, unless local regulation requires majority voting. Consensus is 
reached when there is a general agreement and none of the members has fundamental objections to the 
decision. When no consensus can be reached, an application is considered declined. In the case of 
majority voting, the representative(s) from the Risk department must have a veto right. 
For efficiency reasons credit committees can delegate part of their authority. A single person may 
not take a credit decision solely based on its own opinion; this means that a 4-eyes principle applies or 
decisions are system supported, in which case one person is allowed to decide as long as the credit is 
assessed as acceptable by an expert system or meets predefined criteria (the credit complies with decision 
tools). Fully IT supported assessments and approvals are allowed under strict conditions. 
The credit committees play a key role in ensuring consistency among Rabobank standards of credit 
analysis, compliance with the overall Rabobank credit policy and consistent use of the rating models. The 
credit policy sets the parameters and remit of each committee, including the maximum amount they are 
allowed to approve for limits or transactions. Policies are also in place which restrict or prohibit certain 
counterparty types or industries. As a rule, all counterparty limits and internal ratings are reviewed once a 
year (corporate clients) at a minimum. Where counterparties are assigned a low loan quality classification, 
they are reviewed on a more frequent basis. Credit committees may request for more frequent reviews as 
well. 
With respect to the management of Rabobank Group’s exposure to credit risk, Rabobank’s 
Enterprise Risk Department within overall Risk Management play a key role. Credit applications beyond 
certain limits are subject to a thorough credit analysis by credit officers of Enterprise Risk. Enterprise Risk 
monitors and reports about Rabobank Group’s credit portfolio and develops new methods for quantifying 
credit risks. 
Risk profiling is also undertaken at the portfolio level using internal risk classifications for portfolio 
modelling. Internal credit ratings are assigned to borrowers by allocating all outstanding loans into various 
risk categories on a regular basis. 
Rabobank applies the IRB approach to the vast majority of its credit portfolio (including retail) to 
calculate its regulatory capital requirements according to CRR (CRD IV). The IRB approach is the most 
sophisticated and risk-sensitive of the CRR (CRD IV) approaches for credit risk, allowing Rabobank to 
make use of its internal rating methodologies and models. Rabobank combines CRR (CRD IV) compliance 
activities with a Pillar 2 framework. The approach represents key risk components for internal risk 
measurement and risk management processes. Key benefits are a more efficient credit approval process, 
improved internal monitoring and reporting of credit risk. Another important metric is the Risk Adjusted 
Return On Capital (RAROC) for a transaction as part of the credit application. This enables credit risk 
officers and committees to make better informed credit decisions. The IRB approach uses the Probability 
of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Maturity (M) as input for the 
regulatory capital formula. 
Rabobank Group believes it has a framework of policies and processes in place that is designed to 
measure, manage and mitigate credit risks. Rabobank Group’s policy for accepting new clients is 
characterised by careful assessment of clients and their ability to make repayments on credit granted.

--- Page 340 ---
Risk management 
 
340 
Rabobank Group’s objective is to enter into long-term relationships with clients which are beneficial for 
both the client and Rabobank Group. 
Exposure at Default (“EAD”) is the expected exposure to the client in the event of, and at the time 
of, a counterparty’s default. As at 31 December 2020, in terms of EAD, Rabobank had the following 
exposures per approach: Advanced Internal Rating-Based (“AIRB”) €594.6 billion, Foundation Internal 
Ratings-Based (“FIRB”) €1.7 billion and Standardised Approach (“SA”) €18.4 billion (2019: €568 billion). 
This EAD includes the expected future usage of unused credit lines. As part of its approval process 
Rabobank Group uses the Rabobank Risk Rating system, which indicates the counterparty’s PD over a 
one-year period. The counterparties have been assigned to one of the 25 rating classes, including four 
default ratings. These default ratings are assigned if the customer defaults, the form of which varies from 
payment arrears of 90 days to bankruptcy. The weighted average PD of the performing IRB loan portfolio 
is 1.01 per cent. (2019: 1.11 per cent.). 
The following table shows the non-performing loans of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 per 
business unit as a percentage of gross carrying amount:  
Non-performing loans/gross carrying amount per business unit  
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
DRB .............................................................................  
2.7 
3.5 
4.2 
W&R .............................................................................  
2.2 
2.4 
2.8 
Leasing ........................................................................  
3.0 
2.6 
1.5 
Real Estate ..................................................................  
0.1 
17.8 
12.7 
Rabobank Group ..........................................................  
2.5 
3.0 
3.5 
 
Impairment charges 
Once a loan has been granted, ongoing credit management takes place as part of which new 
information, both financial and non-financial, is assessed. Rabobank monitors whether the client meets all 
its obligations and whether it can be expected the client will continue to do so. If this is not the case, credit 
management is intensified, monitoring becomes more frequent and a closer eye is kept on credit terms. 
Guidance is provided by a special unit within Rabobank Group, particularly in case of larger and more 
complex loans granted to businesses whose continuity is at stake. If it is likely that the debtor will be unable 
to fulfil its contractual obligations, this is a matter of impairment and an allowance is made which is charged 
to income. 
The following table sets forth Rabobank Group’s impairment charges for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018 per business unit as a percentage of private sector lending:  
Impairment charges/average private sector lending per business unit 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
DRB .........................................................  
0.23 
0.06 
(0.05) 
 
W&R ........................................................  
0.81 
0.55 
0.29

--- Page 341 ---
Risk management 
 
341 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
(in percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
Leasing ....................................................  
1.17 
0.62 
0.34 
 
Real estate ...............................................  
0.65 
0.71 
(2.87) 
 
Rabobank Group ....................................  
0.46 
0.23 
0.05 
 
 
Country risk 
Rabobank uses a country limit system to manage collective debtor risk and transfer risk. After 
careful review, relevant countries are given an internal country risk rating, after which, general limits and 
transfer limits are set. Transfer limits are introduced based on the net transfer risk, which is defined as total 
loans granted less loans granted in local currency, guarantees, other collateral obtained to cover transfer 
risk and a deduction related to the reduced weighting of specific products. The limits are allocated to the 
local business units, which are themselves responsible for the day-to-day monitoring of loans that have 
been granted and for reporting on this to the Risk Management function. At Rabobank Group level, the 
country risk outstanding is reported to the Country & Financial Institutions Committee (CFIC). Special Basel 
II parameters, specifically EATE (Exposure at Transfer Event), PTE (Probability of Transfer Event) and 
LGTE (Loss Given Transfer Event), are used to calculate the additional capital requirement for transfer 
risk. These calculations are made in accordance with internal guidelines and cover all countries where 
transfer risk is relevant. 
Based on the concept of country of ultimate risk, the collective debtor risk for non-industrial non-
OECD countries stood at €25.0 billion (2019: €28.9 billion) at year-end 2020. The net ultimate transfer risk 
before allowances for these countries amounted to €16.4 billion (2019: €18.7 billion) at year-end 2020, 
which corresponds to 2.6% (2019: 3.2%) of total assets. Total assets were €632.3 billion (2019: €590.6 
billion). The total allowance for ultimate country risk amounted to €692 million (2019: €595 million), which 
corresponds to 14.3% (2019: 14.5%) of the total allowance of €4.8 billion (2019: €4.1 billion). It should be 
noted that reduced weighting of specific products is not included in the transfer risk figure. 
Risk in non-OECD countries 
in millions of euros 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2020 
 
Regions 
 
Europe 
Africa 
Latin
America 
Asia/
Pacific 
Total 
As % of
total
assets 
Ultimate country risk (exclusive 
of derivatives) ..............................  
2,027 
745 
12,087 
10,091 
24,950 
3.9%
- of which in local currency 
exposure .......................................  
428 
4 
6,453 
1,658 
8,543 
1.3% 
Net ultimate country risk before 
allowance ......................................  
1,598 
741 
5,635 
8,434 
16,407 
2.6
 
%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As % of
total
allowance 
Total allowance for ultimate country 
risk ................................................  
2 
10 
545 
134 
692 
14.3%

--- Page 342 ---
Risk management 
 
342 
The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic led to increased country risks globally. Monitoring and 
reporting activities were heavily intensified since March 2020. Countries were classified according to their 
vulnerability for the negative economic impact of COVID-19 and limits were adjusted where necessary. 
The pandemic crisis has significantly increased leverage in emerging markets, which has led to an 
increase in financial vulnerabilities mainly on the corporate and sovereign side. The second wave of 
COVID-19 infections, potentially adverse virus mutations as well as hiccups in the roll-out of effective 
vaccines pose downside risks to the global economic outlook. The post pandemic period will reveal the 
actual solvency of the private sector when government support measures are being unwound, with likely 
sharp differences across sectors and countries. On the other hand, the anticipated continued rebound in 
economic activity associated with the likely gradual relaxation of lockdown measures in 2021 provide some 
upside to the outlook. 
In Brazil’s case, president Bolsonaro’s policy interventionism and expansionary fiscal policies might 
further harm sovereign risk and general investment sentiment in Brazil, especially in the run up to the 
general election in 2022. However, comfort may be derived from the fact that most of the public debt is in 
local currency and the country enjoys adequate FX buffers. 
China navigated through the pandemic crisis relatively well having prevented a recession, although 
noting that the economic damage remains significant. Moreover, the accumulation of negative shocks 
(elevated geopolitical tensions, pandemic crisis) against the background of an already slowing economy 
and a subsequent increase in the general debt overhang in the Chinese economy suggests that country 
risks remain tilted to the downside. Nevertheless, according to policy our exposure to China has a short 
tenor profile (90% is <1 year), which suggests that longer term country risk concerns are significantly 
mitigated.  
Interest rate risk 
Rabobank Group is exposed to structural interest rate risk in its balance sheet. Interest rate risk can 
result from, among other things, mismatches in assets and liabilities; for example, mismatches between 
the periods for which interest rates are fixed on loans and funds entrusted. Rabobank Group uses three 
indicators for managing, controlling and limiting short- and long-term interest rate risk: Basis Point Value, 
Earnings at Risk and Modified Duration. Based on the Basis Point Value, Earnings at Risk and Modified 
Duration analyses, the Managing Board forms an opinion with regard to the acceptability of losses related 
to projected interest rate scenarios and decides upon limits with regard to Rabobank Group’s interest rate 
risk profile. 
Rabobank Group’s short-term interest rate risk can be quantified by looking at the sensitivity of net 
interest income (interest income less interest expenses, before tax) for changes in interest rates. This 
“Earnings at Risk” figure represents the maximum decline in net interest income for the coming 12 months 
in a selection of interest rate scenarios, assuming no management intervention. The scenario with the 
largest negative effect on net interest income usually is the parallel down scenario in which the yield curve 
is gradually lowered during the first 12 months. The size of this downward shock is dependent on the level 
of the yield curve as strongly negative interest rates are not expected. At the end of 2020 the assumed 
downward shock of the EUR yield curve was 25 basis points. The simulation of the possible net interest 
income development is based on an internal interest rate risk model. This model includes certain 
assumptions regarding the interest rate sensitivity of products with interest rates that are not directly linked 
to a certain money or capital market rate, such as savings of private customers. 
Rabobank Group’s long-term interest rate risk is measured and controlled based on the concept of 
“Modified Duration”, which is the sensitivity of Rabobank Group’s economic value of equity to an instant 
parallel change in interest rates of 100 basis points. The economic value of equity is defined as the present 
value of the assets less the present value of the liabilities plus the present value of the off-balance sheet

--- Page 343 ---
Risk management 
 
343 
items. In the Modified Duration calculation, client behaviour and the bank’s pricing policy are supposed to 
show no changes, while all market interest rates are assumed to increase by 100 basis points at once. 
Just as in the Earnings at Risk calculation, the impact analysis of these scenarios is based on an internal 
interest rate risk model. In that model, balance sheet items without a contractual maturity, like demand 
savings deposits and current accounts, are included as a replicating portfolio. Modified duration is 
expressed as a percentage. This percentage represents the deviation from the economic value of equity 
at the reporting date. 
As at 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, the Earnings at Risk and 
Modified Duration for Rabobank Group were as follows:  
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros, except percentages) 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
Earnings at Risk ...........................................................  
74 
35 
109 
Modified Duration .........................................................  
0.1% 
3.0% 
2.8%
 
The current low interest rate environment has prevailed since 2016. For a bank in general a low 
interest rate environment is challenging for profitability. Non-interest bearing liabilities and liabilities with 
very low interest rates, such as the equity and current account balances, are less profitable in the event of 
low interest rates. In 2020, the interest rate remained negative on the short end of the curve and in historical 
perspective the curve remained fairly flat by comparison. A flat curve results in a bank making less profit 
on the transformation of short-term liabilities into longer term assets. In Q1 of 2021 the curve steepened 
slightly. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a bank will not be able to meet all its payment obligations on time, as 
well as the risk that the bank will not be able to fund increases in assets at a reasonable price.  
Responsibility for the day-to-day management of the liquidity position, the raising of professional 
funding on the money and the capital markets, and the management of the structural position lies within 
the Treasury department. The Rabobank policy aims at financing long-term loans by means of stable 
funding, specifically amounts due to customers and long-term funding from the professional markets.  
Rabobank has a diversified funding mix with broad access to various retail and wholesale markets. It 
attracts retail deposits and issues wholesale funding in a large spectrum of instruments and for several 
core currencies. The bank has adequate liquidity positions (stable funded balance sheet, sufficient and 
high-quality liquidity buffers, diversified funding profile, and limited structural currency mismatch). 
Rabobank has developed several methods to measure and manage liquidity risk, including stress 
scenarios for calculating the survival period, i.e. the period that the liquidity buffer will hold up under severe 
market-specific or idiosyncratic stress. In the most severe stress scenario, it is assumed that Rabobank no 
longer has access to the capital markets, i.e. no long- or short-term debt can be issued or refinanced. 
During 2020, Rabobank more than satisfied the minimum survival period of three months in all the internally 
developed scenarios. 
Market risk 
Market Risk arises from the risk of losses on trading book positions affected by movements in 
interest rates, equities, credit spreads, currencies and commodities. On a daily basis, the Financial Markets 
Risk Department measures and reports the market risk positions. Market risk is calculated based on 
internally developed risk models and systems, which are approved and accepted by the DNB.

--- Page 344 ---
Risk management 
 
344 
Rabobank considers Event Risk the most important market risk indicator in the trading environment, 
measuring events that are not captured by the Value at Risk (“VaR”) model. Rabobank designed a large 
number of scenarios based on book composition and current macro/economic financial markets situations 
to measure the potential effect of sharp and sudden changes in market prices. The internal VaR model 
also forms a key part of Rabobank’s market risk framework. VaR describes the maximum possible loss 
that Rabobank can suffer within a defined holding period, based on historical market price changes and a 
given certain confidence interval. VaR within Rabobank is based on actual historical market circumstances. 
In addition, interest rate delta is monitored and indicates how the value of trading positions change if the 
relevant yield curve shows a parallel increase of one basis point. Event Risk, VaR and interest rate delta 
are subject to limits that are set by the Managing Board on an annual basis. 
End of year 2020, the worst case, potential, loss from the event risk scenarios was €61 million (2019: 
€71 million). It fluctuated between €59 million (2019: €68 million) and €104 million (2019: €140 million), 
with an average of €79 million (2019: €93 million) which was well within the internal Event Risk limit. For 
the year 2020, the VaR, based on a one-day holding period and 97.5 per cent. confidence level, fluctuated 
between €2.7 million (2020: €2.3 million) and €7.5 million (2019: €4.3 million), with an average of €4.8 
million (2019: €3.0 million). Throughout 2020, the position was well within the internal VaR limit. Changes 
in VaR have been driven by client related deals and volatility in the financial markets.  
A drawback of using historical simulations is that it does not necessarily take into account all 
possible future market movements. Therefore, VaR results cannot guarantee that actual risk will follow the 
statistical estimate. The performance of the VaR models is regularly reviewed by means of back testing. 
These back testing results are reported internally as well as to the regulator. In addition to VaR, other risk 
indicators are also used for market risk management. Some of them are generated by using statistical 
models. All these indicators assist the Financial Markets Risk Department, in evaluating Rabobank’s 
trading book positions. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined by Rabobank Group as “the risk of losses resulting from inadequate or 
failed internal processes, people or systems or by external events”. Operational risk includes all non-
financial risk types. Rabobank Group operates within the current regulatory framework with measuring and 
managing operational risk, including holding capital for this risk following the Advanced Measurement 
Approach. Events in modern international banking have shown that operational risks can lead to 
substantial losses. Examples of operational risk incidents are highly diverse: fraud or other illegal conduct, 
failure of an institution to have policies and procedures and controls in place to prevent, detect and report 
incidents of non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, inadequate control processes to manage 
risks, ineffective implementation of internal controls, claims relating to inadequate products, inadequate 
documentation, errors in transaction processing, system failures, cyberattacks, as well as the inability to 
retain and attract key personnel. The global environment Rabobank Group is operating in requires constant 
adaption to changing circumstances. Several transitional, remedial and regulatory driven change projects 
are currently running which may result in an increased risk profile. As a result this may lead to the possible 
increase of the number of operational risk incidents or additional costs of complying with new regulations 
which could have a material adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s reputation or a material adverse effect 
on Rabobank Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Legal risk 
Rabobank Group is subject to a comprehensive range of legal obligations in all countries in which 
it operates. As a result, Rabobank Group is exposed to many forms of legal risk, which may arise in a 
number of ways. Rabobank Group faces risk where legal proceedings, whether private litigation or 
regulatory enforcement actions are brought against it. The outcome of such proceedings is inherently

--- Page 345 ---
Risk management 
 
345 
uncertain and could result in financial loss and reputational damage. Defending or responding to such 
proceedings can be expensive and time-consuming and there is no guarantee that all costs incurred will 
be recovered even if Rabobank Group is successful. 
Currency risk 
Foreign exchange rate risk is the risk that exchange rate movements could lead to volatility in the 
bank’s cash flows, assets and liabilities, net profit and/or equity. The bank distinguishes two types of non-
trading FX risks: (i) FX risk in the banking books and (ii) FX translation risk. 
(i) 
FX Risk in the Banking Books 
FX risk in the banking books is the risk arising from unhedged known and/or ascertainable currency 
cash flow commitments and receivables in the banking books. As a result, movements in exchange rates 
could have an adverse impact on the financial results and/or financial position of the Group. FX translation 
risk is the risk that FX fluctuations will adversely affect the translation of assets and liabilities of operations 
– denominated in foreign currency – into the functional currency of the parent company. Translation risk 
reveals in Rabobank’s equity position, risk-weighted assets, and capital ratios. Rabobank manages its FX 
translation risk with regard to the Rabobank CET1 ratio by deliberately taking FX positions, including 
deliberately maintaining FX positions and not or only partly closing FX positions. As a result of these 
structural FX positions, the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the Rabobank consolidated CET1 ratio 
is mitigated.  
(ii) 
FX Translation risk 
 Article 352(2) of the CRR states that any positions an institution has deliberately taken in order to 
hedge against the adverse effect of the exchange rate on its ratios in accordance with Article 92(1) may, 
subject to permission by the competent authorities, be excluded from the calculation of the net open 
currency positions. Article 92(1) defines the CET1 ratio, the Tier 1 ratio, and the TC ratio. For an institution 
it seems to be open to interpretation which of the ratios should be the target for the hedge. EBA indicates 
in its "Guidelines on the treatments of structural FX that the CET1 ratio is the ratio that attracts the most 
attention from external stakeholders and therefore expects that the CET1 ratio is the ratio that institutions 
should aim to hedge. This corresponds to the choice Rabobank has made. It should be noted, that keeping 
open positions with the purpose of hedging the ratio, implies that the invested capital in foreign currencies 
is not hedged at an absolute level and can therefore lead to fluctuations of the invested capital when 
translated into Euro. FX translation risk at Rabobank level is covered by the Global Standard on FX 
Translation Risk (Standard). The purpose of the Standard is to outline Rabobank policy towards FX 
Translation risk to achieve and ensure a prudent and sound monitoring and control system, in order to 
manage these risks Group wide. Rabobank uses the Pillar 2 framework for those areas where Rabobank 
is of the opinion that the regulatory framework (i.e. Pillar 1) does not address the risk, or does not 
adequately address the risk. FX translation risk is one of these risks.

--- Page 346 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
346 
GOVERNANCE OF RABOBANK GROUP 
Members of Supervisory Board and Managing Board  
Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
The following persons, all of whom are resident in the Netherlands, are appointed as members of 
the Supervisory Board: 
Name 
 
Born 
Year
Appointed 
Term Expires 
Nationality
Ron (R.) Teerlink, Chairman .................... 
1961 
2013 
2021 
Dutch
Marjan (M.) Trompetter, Vice Chairman ... 
1963 
2015 
2024 
Dutch
Annet (A.P.) Aris…………………………… 
1958 
2018 
2022 
Dutch
Petri (P.H.M.) Hofsté ................................ 
1961 
2016 
2024 
Dutch
Arian (A.A.J.M.) Kamp.............................. 
1963 
2014 
2022 
Dutch
Jan (J.) Nooitgedagt ................................. 
1953 
2016 
2024 
Dutch
Mark (M.R.C) Pensaert 
 
1964 
2020 
2024 
Belgian
Pascal (P.H.J.M.) Visée ........................... 
1961 
2016 
2024 
Dutch
Gert-Jan (G.J.) van den Akker ................. 
1959 
2021 
2025 
Dutch
 
Mr. R. Teerlink (Ron) 
Date of birth 
28 January 1961 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director/Management Consultant 
Main position 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Just Eat Takeaway.com
– 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Vrije Universiteit
Amsterdam 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2013 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2017 - 2021 
 
Mrs. M. Trompetter (Marjan) 
Date of birth 
1 November 1963 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Management Consultant 
Main position 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
 
– 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Rijnstate
Hospital, Arnhem

--- Page 347 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
347 
 
Other auxiliary position: 
 
– 
Treasurer of the KNHM Foundation 
– 
Owner of the Corona Consultancy 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2015 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2019 - 2024 
 
Mrs. A.P. Aris (Annet) 
Date of birth 
27 October 1958 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director and Senior Affiliate Professor
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank  
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Randstad N.V. 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of ASML N.V. 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Jungheinrich AG 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
– 
Senior Affiliate Professor of Strategy INSEAD 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2018 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2018 - 2022 
 
 
Mrs. P.H.M. Hofsté (Petri) 
Date of birth 
6 April 1961 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board and Audit Committee of
Fugro N.V. 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of PON Holding 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Achmea B.V. and of
several subsidiaries 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
– 
Juror Kristal Price Dutch Ministry of Economic Affairs and
Climate Policy

--- Page 348 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
348 
– 
Member of the board of Nyenrode Foundation 
– 
Member of the board of ‘Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser’ 
– 
Member of the Advisory Board of ‘Topvrouwen.nl’ 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2016 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024 
 
Mr. A.A.J.M. Kamp (Arian) 
Date of birth 
12 June 1963 
Profession 
Entrepreneur 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
Cattle farmer 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Rabobank 
 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Koninklijke
Coöperatie Agrifirm UA 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
Owner Partnership A.A.J.M. Kamp and W.D. Kamp-
Davelaar 
 
Chairman of the Foundation ‘Beheer Flynth’ 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2014 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2018 –2022 
 
Mr. J. Nooitgedagt (Jan) 
Date of birth 
17 July 1953 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board Rabobank 
– 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of PostNL N.V. 
– 
Chairman of Invest-NL B.V. 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
 
– 
Member of the Board of the Fiep Westerdorp Foundation 
– 
Board 
Member 
Foundation 
‘Beschermingspreferente
aandelen Fugro’

--- Page 349 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
349 
– 
Chairman of the Foundation ‘Aandelenbeheer BAM Groep’ 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2016 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024 
 
M.R.C Pensaert (Mark) 
Date of birth 
16 October 1964 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Belgian 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board Rabobank 
– 
Senior Advisor to the Board of Tikehau Investment
Management S.A. 
– 
Non-Exec Board of Agfa Gevaert N.V. 
 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024 
 
Mr. P.H.J.M. Visée (Pascal) 
Date of birth 
11 July 1961 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director and Independent Adviser 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board Rabobank 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Mediq Holding B.V. 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Plus Holding B.V. 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Royal FloraHolland U.A.
– 
Member of the Supervisory Council Board of Erasmus
University 
– 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Foundation Stedelijk
Museum Schiedam 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Nolet Group 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
– 
Non-executive Member of Foundation Albron 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2016

--- Page 350 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
350 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2020 - 2024 
 
G.J. van den Akker (Gert-Jan) 
Date of birth 
4 March 1959 
Profession 
Professional Supervisory Director and Independent Adviser 
Main position 
None 
Nationality 
Dutch 
Auxiliary positions 
Supervisory Directorships: 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board Rabobank 
 
Other auxiliary positions: 
 
 
Advisor to the Board of Covantis S.A. 
 
Non-Exec Director Continental Trade and Commodity
Services Ltd 
 
Director / shareholder Chantra Capital Ltd 
 
Director / shareholder Villaret Investments B.V. 
 
Director / shareholder Couvalous sarl 
Date of first appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2021 
Current term of appointment to the 
Supervisory Board 
2021 - 2025 
Managing Board of Rabobank  
The following persons, all of whom are resident in the Netherlands, are appointed as members of the 
Managing Board of Rabobank: 
Name 
 
Born 
Year
Appointed 
Nationality 
Wiebe (W.) Draijer, Chairman* ....................................  
1965 
2014 
Dutch 
Bas (B.C.) Brouwers, member* ....................................  
1972 
2016 
Dutch 
Els (E.A.) de Groot, member* ......................................  
1965 
2019 
Dutch 
Berry (B.J.) Marttin, member* ...................................... 
 
1965
 
2009
 
Dutch and
Brazilian 
Kirsten (C.M.) Konst, member* ....................................  
1974 
2017 
Dutch 
Mariëlle (M.P.J.) Lichtenberg, member ........................  
1967 
2017 
Dutch 
Bart (B.) Leurs, member ..............................................  
1971 
2017 
Dutch 
Ieko (I.A.) Sevinga, member ........................................  
1966 
2017 
Dutch 
Janine (B.J.) Vos, member ..........................................  
1972 
2017 
Dutch 
*statutory member (Executive Board)

--- Page 351 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
351 
Wiebe (W.) Draijer 
Mr. Draijer was appointed as Chairman of the Managing/Executive Board of Rabobank as of 1 October 
2014. Mr. Draijer served as President of the Social and Economic Council of the Netherlands from 2012 
to 2014. Prior to that, he held several positions within management-consulting firm McKinsey & Company 
and worked as a researcher at Philips Research Laboratories and as a freelance journalist. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Member of the supervisory board of Staatsbosbeheer (national nature 
conservation) 
– 
Member of the ‘Cyber Security Raad’ 
– 
Member of the board of the ‘Nationale Coöperatieve Raad’ 
 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of ‘KWF Kankerbestrijding’ 
 
Board Member of the Dutch Banking Association 
 
Bas (B.C.) Brouwers 
Mr. Brouwers was appointed to the Managing/Executive Board as Chief Financial Officer as of 1 January 
2016. Mr Brouwers started his career at KPMG Audit in 1995. He then held various positions within ING 
from 1998 until 2007. He was head of Controlling & Risk Management of ING-DiBa AG (Germany) from 
2007 until 2008 and CFO of ING-DiBa AG (Germany) from 2008 until 2013. From 2013 until 2015, Mr 
Brouwers was CFO of ING Netherlands. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Vice-Chair of the Board of the Dutch Banking Association 
 
Els (E.A.) de Groot 
Mrs. De Groot is a member of the Managing/Executive Board and Chief Risk Officer since 1 February 
2019. Mrs. De Groot has over 20 years of experience in the financial sector. From 1987 until 2008, Mrs. 
De Groot held several positions at ABN AMRO Bank mainly in the field of risk management and (structured) 
finance. Her last role within ABN AMRO was Head of Policy & Portfolio Management and member of the 
Global Risk Management Team. After that period, she had various interim assignments before she joined 
Royal Schiphol Group as CFO and member of the Board of Management. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Board Member, chair of the Risk Committee, and member of de Audit
Committee of the North American Board of Rabobank 
Berry (B.J.) Marttin 
Mr. Marttin was appointed to the Managing/Executive Board as of 1 July 2009. Within the Managing Board, 
Mr. Marttin is responsible for international Rural & Retail, Sustainability, Leasing, B4F Inspiration Centre 
and the Rabobank Foundation. Mr. Marttin joined Rabobank in 1990. From 1990 until 2004 he fulfilled a 
number of international positions within Rabobank. After several positions in Brazil and Curacao he served 
as Head of International Corporates in Hong Kong, Head of Risk Management in Indonesia and as Deputy 
General Manager Rural Banking for Rabobank Australia and New Zealand. From 2004 until 2009 he was 
Chairman of the board of directors of Rabobank Amsterdam. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of DLL International B.V  
– 
Member of the Board of Directors of Rabobank International Holding B.V. 
– 
Member of the Board of Rabobank Foundation 
– 
Member of the Board of Rabobank Australia Ltd. 
– 
Member of the Board of Rabobank New Zealand Ltd 
– 
Chairman of the Shareholders Council of Rabo Partnerships

--- Page 352 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
352 
 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of Arise N.V. 
– 
First Vice President of the Board of Directors, American Chamber of Commerce 
 
– 
Member of the Board Trustees Hanns R. Neumann Stiftung 
– 
President of the European Association of Cooperative Banks 
 
 
Kirsten (C.M.) Konst 
Mrs. Konst is a member of the Managing/Executive Board as of 1 September 2017. Her main areas of 
focus are Commercial Banking in the Netherlands and regional directors. After having had several 
positions at ABN Amro, Mrs. Konst joined Rabobank in 2010. She fulfilled several positions at local 
Rabobanks and was Operations Director before her appointment to the Managing Board. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Board Member of VNO-NCW 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of IDH (Sustainable Trade initiative) 
 
Mariëlle (M.P.J.) Lichtenberg 
Mrs. Lichtenberg is a member of the Managing Board as of 1 September 2017. Her main areas of focus 
are Retail & Private Banking in the Netherlands. She started at Rabobank International in 1995. Since then 
Mrs. Lichtenberg fulfilled several positions at the local Rabobank as well as staff department. From 2016 
she was Director Digital Bank before she joined the Managing Board. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Obvion N.V 
– 
Chair of the Supervisory Board of Bouwfonds Property Development 
 
Bart (B.) Leurs 
Mr. Leurs became a member of the Managing Board and Chief Digital Transformation Officer (CDTO) on 
1 September 2017. He started his career in banking in 1997 at ING as a management trainee. After having 
fulfilled several positions at ING in Canada, Germany and Belgium, Mr. Leurs joined Rabobank in 2016 as 
Head of Fintech & Innovation.  
 
Ieko (I.A.) Sevinga 
Mr. Sevinga became a member of the Managing Board and Chief Information & Operations Officer (CIOO) 
on 1 September 2017. He started his career in 1986 at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam. After that Mr. 
Sevinga had various positions at McKinsey & Company and Kempen & Co./Van Lanschot Bankiers. He 
joined Rabobank in 2015 as Director Organisation Development & Performance before he was appointed 
to the Managing Board. 
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Non-Executive board member of DPG Media B.V.

--- Page 353 ---
Governance of Rabobank Group 
 
353 
Janine (B.J.) Vos 
Mrs. Vos became a member of the Managing Board and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) on 1 
September 2017. She started her career in 1997 at KPN as a management trainee. After having fulfilled 
several (HR) positions, she switched as Chief Human Resources Officer from KPN to Rabobank in 2016.  
Auxiliary positions 
– 
Member of the Supervisory Board of KLM N.V.  
 
Member of the Advisory Board of ‘Topvrouwen.nl’ 
 
Member of the Advisory Board of Social Capital 
 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies — conflicts of interests 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties to 
Rabobank and their private interests or other duties of the persons listed above under “Supervisory Board 
of Rabobank” and “Managing Board of Rabobank”. These members may obtain financial services of 
Rabobank. In order to avoid potential conflicts of interest, Rabobank has internal rules of procedures 
(reglementen) in place for members of its Supervisory Board and Managing Board for situations in which 
potential or perceived conflicts of interest could arise, including rules in respect of additional positions 
which may be held by any such member. 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies — business address 
The business address of the members of Rabobank’s Supervisory Board and Managing Board is 
Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands.

--- Page 354 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
354 
REGULATION OF RABOBANK GROUP 
Rabobank is a bank organised under Dutch law. The principal Dutch law on supervision applicable 
to Rabobank is the FMSA, under which Rabobank is supervised by DNB and the AFM. The ECB assumed 
certain supervisory tasks from DNB and is the competent authority responsible for supervising Rabobank 
Group’s compliance with prudential requirements. Rabobank and the various Rabobank Group entities are 
also subject to certain EU legislation, which has a significant impact on the regulation of Rabobank Group’s 
banking, asset management and broker-dealer businesses in the EU, and to the regulation and supervision 
of local supervisory authorities of the various countries in which Rabobank Group does business. 
The overview below consists of a summary of the key applicable regulations and does not purport 
to be complete. 
Basel Standards 
The Basel Committee develops international capital adequacy guidelines based on the relationship 
between a bank’s capital and its risks, including, inter alia, credit, market, operational, liquidity and 
counterparty risks. 
Credit Risk 
To assess their credit risk, banks can choose between the “Standardised Approach”, the 
“Foundation Internal Ratings Based Approach” and the “Advanced Internal Ratings Based Approach”. The 
Standardised Approach is based on standardised risk weights set out in the Basel II capital guidelines and 
external credit ratings; it is the least complex. The two Internal Ratings Based Approaches allow banks to 
use internal credit rating systems to assess the adequacy of their capital. The Foundation Internal Ratings 
Based Approach allows banks to use their own credit rating systems with respect to the “Probability of 
Default”. In addition to this component of credit risk, the Advanced Internal Ratings Based Approach allows 
banks to use their own credit rating systems with respect to the “Exposure at Default” and the “Loss Given 
Default”. The rules on the assessment of credit risk are expected to change as a consequence of the Basel 
III Reforms. See “Basel III Reforms” and “Recent Developments” below. 
See the risk factor entitled “Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital and liquidity 
requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations” above. 
Market Risk 
To assess their market risk, banks can choose between a “Standardised approach” or an alternative 
methodology based on own internal risk management models. Rabobank has permission from its 
supervisor to calculate the general and specific exposures using its internal Value-at-Risk (VaR) models. 
Operational Risk 
To assess their operational risk, banks can also choose between three approaches with different 
levels of sophistication, the most refined of which is the Advanced Measurement Approach. Rabobank 
Group has chosen the Advanced Measurement Approach. 
Basel III Reforms 
The Basel III framework, which is implemented in the EU by means of the CRD IV Directive and 
CRR (see “European Union Standards – The CRD IV Directive and CRR” below) sets out rules for higher 
and better quality capital, better risk coverage, the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the 
risk-based requirements, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods 
of stress, and the introduction of two liquidity standards. Basel III includes increasing the minimum 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (or equivalent) requirement from 2 per cent. of the total risk exposure

--- Page 355 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
355 
amount (before the application of regulatory adjustments) to 4.5 per cent. (after the application of stricter 
regulatory adjustments (which, under CRD IV, were gradually phased in from 1 January 2014 until 1 
January 2018)). The total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement has increased from 4 per cent. of the 
total risk exposure amount to 6 per cent. under CRD IV and the total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
requirement is 8 per cent of the total risk exposure amount under CRD IV. In addition, banks will be required 
to maintain, in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (or equivalent), a capital conservation buffer of 
2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount to withstand future periods of stress, bringing the total 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (or equivalent) requirements to 7 per cent. If there is excess credit growth 
in any given country resulting in a system-wide build-up of risk, a countercyclical capital buffer (generally 
of up to 2.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount and also comprised of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
(or other fully loss absorbing capital)) may be applied as an extension of the capital conservation buffer. 
Furthermore, banks considered to have systemic importance should have loss absorbing capacity beyond 
these standards. 
Capital requirements have been further supplemented by the introduction of a non-risk based 
leverage ratio of 3 per cent., plus a surcharge of 50 per cent. of the G-SIB buffer requirement for G-SIB’s 
(under the Basel III Reforms, see below) in order to limit an excessive build-up of leverage on a bank’s 
balance sheet. During the period from 1 January 2013 to 1 January 2017, the Basel Committee has 
monitored banks’ leverage data on a semi-annual basis in order to assess whether the proposed design 
and calibration of a minimum leverage ratio of 3 per cent. is appropriate over a full credit cycle and for 
different types of business models. This assessment included consideration of whether a wider definition 
of exposures and an off-setting adjustment in the calibration would better achieve the objectives of the 
leverage ratio. The Basel Committee also closely monitored accounting standards and practices to address 
any differences in national accounting frameworks that are material to the definition and calculation of the 
leverage ratio. The Dutch government has indicated that Dutch systemically important banks, including 
Rabobank, should also have a surcharge like the G-SIB’s on top of the 3 per cent. leverage ratio 
requirement. As at 31 December 2020, the leverage ratio of Rabobank was 6.97 per cent. 
In addition, Basel III has introduced two international minimum standards intended to promote 
resilience to potential liquidity disruptions over a 30 day horizon and limit over-reliance on short-term 
wholesale funding during times of buoyant market liquidity. The first one is referred to as the liquidity 
coverage ratio (the “LCR”) which is being gradually phased in from 1 January 2015. The LCR tests the 
short-term resilience of a bank’s liquidity risk profile by ensuring that it has sufficiently high-quality liquid 
assets to survive a significant stress scenario lasting for 30 days. The second one is referred to as a net 
stable funding ratio (the “NSFR”). The NSFR tests resilience over a longer period by requiring banks to 
hold a minimum amount of stable sources of funding relative to the liquidity profiles of the assets and the 
potential contingent liquidity needs arising from off-balance sheet commitments. 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised the Basel III Reforms (also referred to as “Basel 
IV” by the industry). This reform complements the initial phase of Basel III announced in 2010 (and 
implemented in the CRR/CRD IV in 2014) as a response to the global financial crisis. The 2017 reform 
seeks to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets (“RWAs”) and improve the 
comparability of banks’ capital ratios. Main features of the reform: 
 
Revisions to the standardised approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk, credit value 
adjustments (“CVA”) and operational risk 
 
Constraints on the use of internal model approaches, by placing limits on certain inputs used 
to calculate capital requirements under the interest ratings-based (“IRB”) approach for credit 
risk (for metrics such as Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss Given Default (“LGD”)) and 
by removing the use of internal model approaches for CVA risk and for operational risk

--- Page 356 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
356 
 
The introduction of an output floor, which limits the benefits banks can derive from using 
internal models to calculate minimum capital requirements. Banks’ calculations of RWAs 
generated by internal models cannot, in aggregate, fall below 72.5 per cent. of the risk-
weighted assets computed by standardised approaches  
 
Global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”) are subject to higher leverage ratio 
requirements. 
According to the Basel III Reforms, the capital floors and other standards (including a revision of the 
leverage ratio framework) will become applicable as of 2022 and a transitional regime may apply.  
Recent Developments 
In March and April 2020, the Basel Committee set out measures to alleviate the impact of COVID-19 
(including by deferring the Basel III Reforms by one year to 1 January 2023 and the accompanying 
transitional arrangements for the output floor also by one year to 1 January 2028) and to ensure that banks 
reflect the risk-reducing effect of governmental support measures when calculating their regulatory capital 
requirements. 
European Union Legislation 
The CRD IV Directive and CRR 
As of 1 January 2014, EC Directive 2006/48 and EC Directive 2006/49 were repealed by the CRD 
IV Directive. The CRD IV Directive, together with the CRR, implements Basel III in the EEA. Both texts 
were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 and became effective on 1 
January 2014 (except for capital buffer provisions which became effective on 1 January 2016). The CRD 
IV Directive was implemented into Dutch law by amendments to the FMSA pursuant to an amendment act 
(the “CRD IV/CRR Implementation Act”) which entered into force on 1 August 2014. The CRR has 
established a single set of harmonised prudential rules which apply directly to all banks in the EEA as of 1 
January 2014, but with particular requirements being phased in over a period of time, to be fully applicable 
by various dates up to 2022. The harmonised prudential rules include own funds requirements, an 
obligation to maintain a liquidity coverage buffer, a requirement to ensure that long-term obligations are 
adequately met under both normal and stressed conditions and the requirement to report on these 
obligations. The competent supervisory authorities will evaluate whether capital instruments meet the 
criteria set out in the CRR. In addition, in June 2019, the European Commission adopted the EU Banking 
Reforms which are wide-ranging and cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, a binding 3 
per cent. leverage ratio, the introduction of a binding detailed NSFR, permission for reducing own funds 
and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt, the MREL 
framework, the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation and the transposition of the 
fundamental review of the trading book (FRTB) conclusions into EU legislation. See also the risk factor 
entitled “Any increase in the Group’s minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations”). 
The CRD IV Directive (as defined below) also introduces capital buffer requirements that are in 
addition to the minimum “own funds” requirements and are required to be met with Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital. It provides for five capital buffers: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific 
countercyclical capital buffer, (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer (the “G-SII Buffer”), 
(iv) the other systemically important institutions buffer (the “O-SII Buffer”) and (v) the systemic risk buffer. 
The capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.), systemic risk buffer (abolished by DNB due to the 
implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/878 (“CRD V”)), O-SII Buffer (2.0 per cent) and countercyclical 
capital buffer (0.01 per cent. as of 31 December 2020) all apply to the Group and some or all of the other 
buffers may be applicable to the Group from time to time, as determined by the ECB, the DNB or any other 
competent authority at such time.

--- Page 357 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
357 
On 15 December 2019, Rabobank published its 2020 ECB capital requirements, determined 
pursuant to the SREP. The ECB decision requires that Rabobank maintains a total supervisory review and 
evaluation process (“SREP”) capital requirement of 9.75 per cent. on a consolidated and unconsolidated 
basis. The requirement consists of an 8 per cent. minimum own funds requirement and a 1.75 per cent. 
Pillar 2 requirement (“P2R”). The total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital minimum requirement is 6.25 per 
cent., consisting of the minimum Pillar 1 requirement (4.5 per cent.) and the P2R (1.75 per cent.). On 8 
April 2020 the ECB informed the Rabobank that the P2R is “to be held in the form of Common Equity Tier 
1 (CET1) capital, which the Original Decision imposes on the Supervised Entity and other ECB addressees, 
if any, shall, instead, be held in the form of 56.25 per cent. of CET1 capital and 75 per cent. of Tier 1 
capital, as a minimum.”  This effectively lowers the total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital minimum 
requirement with 0.77%. 
In addition, Rabobank is required to comply with the combined buffer requirements consisting of a 
capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent. as of 2019), a systematic risk buffer imposed by DNB of 3.0 per 
cent. as of 2019 (which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, has been abolished due to the 
implementation of CRD V), a O-SII buffer of 2.0 per cent and a countercyclical capital buffer (0.01 per cent. 
as of 31 December 2020) that needs to be applied on top of these Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
requirements. When taking into account the lowered systemic risk buffer imposed by DNB, this would 
translate into an aggregate 10.00 per cent. Common Equity Tier 1 Capital requirement for 2020. At the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Group complies with these requirements. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation 
The BRRD entered into force in July 2014. The bail-in tool with respect to eligible liabilities and the 
other measures set out in the BRRD (outlined below) were implemented into Dutch law on 26 November 
2015. The stated aim of the BRRD is to provide relevant authorities with common tools and powers to 
address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ 
exposure to losses. 
The BRRD provides competent authorities with early intervention powers and resolution authorities 
with pre-resolution powers, including the power to write down or convert capital instruments to ensure 
relevant capital instruments fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing institution or group 
and the power to convert existing instruments of ownership or transfer them to bailed-in creditors. 
Moreover, when the conditions for resolution are met, resolution authorities can apply, among others, a 
bail-in tool, which comprises a more general power for resolution authorities to write down the claims of 
unsecured creditors (including holders of the Notes) of a failing institution or to convert unsecured debt 
claims to equity or other instruments of ownership. 
In addition, the BRRD provides resolution authorities with broader powers to implement other 
resolution measures with respect to distressed banks which satisfy the conditions for resolution, which may 
include (without limitation) the sale of the bank’s business, the creation of a bridge bank, the separation of 
assets, the replacement or substitution of the bank as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications 
to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity or the amount of interest payable or 
imposing a temporary suspension on payments) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of 
financial instruments. See further the risk factor entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
position and results of operations”. 
To complement the European Banking Union (an EU-level banking supervision and resolution 
system) and the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”), on 15 July 2014 the European Commission 
adopted the SRM Regulation to establish the Single Resolution Mechanism (“SRM”) (as further described, 
in the risk factor entitled “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the Issuer being available to 
investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and possibly higher cost of 
funding”). The SRM establishes the SRB that will manage the failing of any bank in the Euro area and in

--- Page 358 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
358 
other EU member states participating in the European Banking Union. On the basis of the SRM, the SRB 
is granted the same resolution tools as those set out in the BRRD, including a bail-in tool. The SRM applies 
directly to banks covered by the SSM, including Rabobank. On the basis of the SRM, the ECB is 
responsible for recovery planning as set out in the BRRD. In a Dutch context, DNB is the national resolution 
authority. While, as the Group’s resolution authority, the SRB is ultimately in charge of the decision to 
initiate the Group’s resolution, operationally the decision will be implemented in cooperation with DNB in 
its capacity as national resolution authority. 
In order to ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools introduced by the BRRD 
and SRM Regulation, the BRRD and SRM require that banks must meet an MREL requirement as set by 
the resolution authority. The EU Banking Reforms have made changes to the existing MREL framework 
and furthermore introduced changes to the CRD IV, CRR, BRRD and SRM Regulation. On 20 May 2020, 
the SRB published its final MREL Policy under the EU Banking Reforms. MREL decisions by the SRB 
implementing the new MREL policy are based on this policy in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. These 
decisions replace those issued under the previous MREL framework.  
On 29 March 2021, Rabobank received its updated MREL requirement from the DNB (acting in its 
capacity as national resolution authority), as decided on by the SRB on 29 January 2021. This MREL 
requirement under the revised framework is set at 23.11 per cent. of RWA (27.62 per cent. of RWA when 
including Rabobank’s combined buffer requirements) and 7.5 per cent. of Leverage Ratio Exposure, each 
on a Group consolidated basis, to be fully met both as an intermediate requirement by 1 January 2022 and 
as an end-state requirement by 1 January 2024.  
If Rabobank Group were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to 
reduce its lending or investments in other operations. 
See also the risk factors entitled “Any difficulty in raising minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results 
of operations”, “Risks relating to the EU Banking Reforms”, “Any increase in the Group’s minimum 
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations” and “Resolution regimes may lead to fewer assets of the 
Issuer being available to investors for recourse for their claims, and may lead to lower credit ratings and 
possibly higher cost of funding”. 
Supervision 
In 2010, agreement was reached at EU level on the introduction of a new supervisory structure for 
the financial sector. The new European architecture combines the existing national authorities, the newly 
created European Systemic Risk Board and the following three European Authorities: the EBA, the 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and the European Securities and Markets 
Authorities. These institutions have been in place since 1 January 2011. 
However, as part of the European Banking Union (responsible for banking policy on the EU level), 
two further regulations have been enacted: (i) a regulation for the establishment of the SSM on the basis 
of which specific tasks relating to the prudential supervision of the most significant banks in the Euro area 
are conferred to the ECB; and (ii) a regulation amending the regulation which sets up the EBA. Regulation 
1024/2013 (the “SSM Framework Regulation”), which establishes the SSM, was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 29 October 2013 and entered into force on 4 November 2013. The SSM 
provides that the ECB carries out its tasks within a single supervisory mechanism comprised of the ECB 
and national competent authorities. The ECB and relevant competent authorities have formed joint 
supervisory teams (“JST”) for the supervision of each significant bank or significant banking group within 
the Euro area. As Rabobank Group qualifies as a significant group under the SSM and the SSM Framework 
Regulation, with effect from 4 November 2014, the day-to-day supervision of Rabobank Group is now 
carried out by a JST. The ECB and national competent authorities are subject to a duty of cooperation in

--- Page 359 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
359 
good faith, and an obligation to exchange information. Where appropriate, and without prejudice to the 
responsibility and accountability of the ECB for the tasks conferred on it by the SSM, national competent 
authorities shall be responsible for assisting the ECB. In view of the assumption of these supervisory tasks, 
in 2014 the ECB (together with the national competent authorities) carried out a comprehensive 
assessment, including a balance sheet assessment, as well as a related asset quality review and stress 
tests, of the banks in respect of which it took on responsibility for formal supervision. The ECB supervises 
Rabobank Group’s compliance with prudential requirements, including (i) its own funds requirements, LCR, 
NSFR and the leverage ratio and the reporting and public disclosure of information on these matters, as 
set out in the CRR and (ii) the requirement to have in place robust governance arrangements, including fit 
and proper requirements for the persons responsible for the management of a bank, remuneration policies 
and practices and effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes, as set out in the FMSA. The 
ECB is also the competent authority which assesses notifications of the acquisition of qualifying holdings 
in banks and has the power to grant a declaration of no objection for such holdings.  
COVID-19 prudential regulatory initiatives  
Since the outbreak of the coronavirus (or COVID-19) pandemic, various legislative and regulatory 
authorities have taken prudential regulatory initiatives to address the negative impact of the coronavirus, 
including: 
European Commission (EC) 
In April 2020, the European Commission adopted a banking package aimed at facilitating bank 
lending to support the economy. The package is intended to encourage banks and supervisory bodies to 
apply the EU’s accounting and prudential rules more flexibly, and proposes certain targeted amendments 
to CRR. These targeted amendments include (i) postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio 
buffer requirement for G-SIIs with one year to 1 January 2023, (ii) offsetting the impact of certain central 
bank exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio and (iii) mitigating the impact of IFRS 9 provisions 
on CET1 capital through certain transitional arrangements (the "EC Corona Measures"). The European 
Commission has requested the European Parliament and the Council to expedite the discussion of its 
proposals in order to adopt the targeted amendments of CRR by June 2020. 
European Central Bank (ECB) 
In March 2020, the ECB announced its decision to allow its directly supervised banks (i) to operate 
temporarily below the level of capital as defined by Pillar 2 Guidance ("P2G"), the capital conservation 
buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio and (ii) to partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 
capital to meet Pillar 2 Requirements ("P2R"). In addition, the ECB asked banks not to pay dividends until 
at least October 2021 (the "ECB Corona Measures"). 
Dutch Central Bank (DNB) 
In March 2020, DNB announced (i) the temporary reduction of the systemic risk buffer requirement 
applicable to the three major Dutch banks ABN AMRO Bank, ING Bank and Rabobank and (ii) the 
postponement of the introduction of extra capital requirement for mortgage loans (the so-called 'DNB RWA 
Floor') for an indefinite period of time. In addition, DNB announced that, in line with the ECB Corona 
Measures, less significant institutions under its supervision will be allowed (i) to operate temporarily below 
the level of capital defined by the P2G, the capital conservation buffer and the liquidity coverage ratio and 
(ii) to partially meet their P2R with capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital (the "DNB Corona 
Measures"). 
European Banking Authority (EBA) 
In March 2020, EBA announced that it would take certain measures to alleviate the immediate 
operational burden on banks, including the postponement of stress test exercises to 2021. Furthermore, 
EBA provided further guidance on (a) measures to mitigate the increase in aggregated amounts of

--- Page 360 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
360 
additional valuation adjustments (AVAs) under the prudent valuation framework (for institutions applying 
the core approach) and (b) a postponement of the FRTB-SA (Fundamental Review of the Trading Book – 
Standardised Approach) reporting requirement. EBA also recognised the need for a pragmatic approach 
for the 2020 SREP, focusing on the most material risks and vulnerabilities driven by the coronavirus crisis 
(together, the "EBA Corona Measures"). 
Dutch Regulation 
Scope of the FMSA 
The ECB is formally the competent authority that supervises the majority of Rabobank Group’s 
activities. The day-to-day supervision of Rabobank Group is carried out by the JST. The AFM supervises 
primarily the conduct of business. Set forth below is a brief summary of the principal aspects of the FMSA. 
Licensing 
Under the FMSA, a bank established in the Netherlands is required to obtain a licence before 
engaging in any banking activities. Now that the ECB has assumed its supervisory tasks under the SSM, 
the ECB is the formal supervisory authority to grant and revoke a banking licence for banks in the Euro 
area including the Netherlands. DNB shall prepare a draft decision if in its view a licence should be granted 
and the ECB will take the formal decision. The requirements to obtain a licence, among others, are as 
follows: (i) the day-to-day policy of the bank must be determined by at least two persons; (ii) the bank must 
have a body of at least three members which has tasks similar to those of a supervisory board; and (iii) 
the bank must adhere to requirements that determine the minimum level of own funds (eigen vermogen). 
In addition, a licence may be refused if, among other things, the competent authority is of the view that (i) 
the persons who determine the day-to-day policy of the bank have insufficient expertise to engage in the 
business of the bank (fit and proper requirement), (ii) the policy of the bank is not (co-)determined by 
persons whose integrity is beyond doubt, or (iii) through a qualified holding in the bank, influence on the 
policy of such enterprise or institution may be exercised which is contrary to ‘prudent banking policy’ 
(gezonde en prudente bedrijfsvoering). DNB is still competent to make the decision to refuse to grant a 
licence on its own. In addition to certain other grounds, the licence may be revoked if a bank fails to comply 
with the requirements for maintaining its licence. 
Reporting and investigation 
A significant bank or significant banking group is required to file its annual financial statements with 
the ECB in a form approved by the ECB, which includes a statement of financial position and a statement 
of income that have been certified by an appropriately qualified auditor. In addition, a bank is required to 
file quarterly (and some monthly) statements, on a basis established by the ECB. The ECB has the option 
to demand additional reports. 
Rabobank must file consolidated quarterly (and some monthly) reports as well as annual reports 
that provide a true and fair view of their respective financial position and results with the ECB. Rabobank’s 
independent auditor audits these reports annually. 
Solvency 
The CRR regulations on solvency supervision entail - in broad terms minimum standards on bank 
capital adequacy and capital buffers. These regulations also impose limitations on the aggregate amount 
of claims (including extensions of credit) a bank may have against one debtor or a group of related debtors. 
Over time, the regulations have become more sophisticated, being derived from the capital measurement 
guidelines of first Basel II and then Basel III as described under “Basel Standards” above and as laid down 
in EU legislation described above under “European Union legislation”.

--- Page 361 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
361 
Liquidity 
The regulations relating to liquidity supervision require that banks maintain sufficient liquid assets 
to cover for net outflows. In the determination of net outflows banks are required to follow a prudential 
approach, taking into account that the call or prepayment occurs at the first possible date. On 1 January 
2018, the 100 per cent. LCR requirement under CRR was fully phased in, meaning that Rabobank was 
required to hold at least enough high quality liquid assets to cover stressed 30 day net outflow. With 193 
per cent. as per 31 December 2020, Rabobank complies with the minimum 100 per cent. requirement. 
Structure 
The FMSA provides that a bank must obtain a declaration of no-objection before, among other 
things, (i) acquiring or increasing a qualifying holding in a bank, investment firm or insurer with its statutory 
seat in a state which is not part of the EEA, if the balance sheet total of that bank, investment firm or insurer 
at the time of the acquisition or increase amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the bank’s consolidated 
balance sheet total, (ii) acquiring or increasing a qualifying holding in an enterprise, not being a bank, 
investment firm or insurer with its statutory seat in the Netherlands or in a state which is part of the EEA or 
in a state which is not part of the EEA, if the amount paid for the acquisition or increase, together with the 
amounts paid for a previous acquisition or increase of a holding in such enterprise, amounts to more than 
1 per cent. of the consolidated own funds of the bank, (iii) taking over all or a major part of the assets and 
liabilities of another enterprise or institution, directly or indirectly, if the total amount of the assets or the 
liabilities to be taken over amounts to more than 1 per cent. of the bank’s consolidated balance sheet total, 
(iv) merging with another enterprise or institution if the balance sheet total thereof amounts to more than 1 
per cent. of the bank’s consolidated balance sheet total or (v) proceeding with a financial or corporate 
reorganisation. Decisions on the abovementioned declarations of no-objection are made by DNB. As of 1 
January 2014, the definition of “qualifying holding” as set out in the CRR applies. “Qualifying holding” in 
the CRR is defined to mean a direct or indirect holding in an undertaking which represents 10 per cent. or 
more of the capital or of the voting rights or which makes it possible to exercise a significant influence over 
the management of that undertaking. 
In addition, any person is permitted to hold, acquire or increase a qualifying holding in a Dutch bank, 
or to exercise any voting power in connection with such holding, only after such person has obtained a 
declaration of no objection from the ECB. 
Governance and administrative organisation 
The ECB supervises the governance of significant banks and significant banking groups within the 
Netherlands. This includes the administrative organisation of banks, their financial accounting system and 
internal control. The administrative organisation must be such as to ensure that a bank has at all times a 
reliable and up-to-date overview of its assets and liabilities. Furthermore, the electronic data processing 
systems, which form the core of the accounting system, must be secured in such a way as to ensure a 
high degree of security, operational reliability, continuity and adequate, scalable capacity. 
Intervention 
In addition to the Intervention Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële ondernemingen), and 
partly amending it, on 26 November 2015 the Act on implementing the European framework for the 
recovery and resolution of banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet Europees kader voor herstel en 
afwikkeling van banken en beleggingsondernemingen) came into force, implementing the BRRD. While 
the Intervention Act was amended following the adoption and implementation of the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation, granting to DNB powers including resolution tools contemplated by the BRRD, the powers of 
the Minister of Finance have remained. Under the Intervention Act the Dutch Minister of Finance may, with 
immediate effect, take measures or expropriate assets, liabilities, or securities issued by or with the consent 
of a financial enterprise (financiële onderneming) or its parent, in each case if it has its corporate seat in 
the Netherlands, if in the Minister of Finance’s opinion, the stability of the financial system is in serious and

--- Page 362 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
362 
immediate danger as a result of the situation in which the entity finds itself. In taking these measures, 
provisions in relevant Dutch legislation and the entity’s articles of association may be set aside. Examples 
of immediate measures include the suspension of voting rights or of board members. The measures that 
can be taken by the Minister of Finance may only be used if other measures would not work, would no 
longer work, or would be insufficient. In addition, to ensure such measures are utilised appropriately the 
Minister of Finance must consult with DNB in advance and the Dutch Prime Minister must agree with the 
decision to intervene. The Minister of Finance must further inform the AFM of his intentions, whereupon 
the AFM must give an instruction to Euronext Amsterdam to stop the trading in any securities that are 
expropriated. In the case of expropriation, the beneficiary of the relevant asset will be compensated for 
any damage that directly and necessarily results from the expropriation. It is unlikely that such 
compensation will cover all losses of the relevant beneficiary. 
The SRB has additional intervention powers including the power to operate the bail-in tool as set 
out in the SRM and the BRRD (see “- Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive and Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation”). 
U.S. Regulation 
Regulation and Supervision in the U.S. 
Rabobank Group’s operations are subject to federal and state banking and securities regulation and 
supervision, as well as federal derivatives regulation in the U.S. Rabobank Group engages in U.S. banking 
activities through Rabobank, New York Branch (the “New York Branch”). It controls a U.S. broker-dealer, 
Rabo Securities USA, Inc., as well as other U.S. non-bank subsidiaries. 
Rabobank and Utrecht-America Holdings, Inc. are bank holding companies that are financial holding 
companies within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHC Act”). 
As such, they are subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve. The New York Branch 
is licensed and supervised by the New York State Department of Financial Services, and it is also 
supervised by the Federal Reserve. 
Under U.S. law, Rabobank Group’s activities and those of its subsidiaries in the U.S. are generally 
limited to the business of banking, and managing or controlling banks and certain other activities that are 
closely related to banking. As long as Rabobank and Utrecht-America Holdings, Inc. are financial holding 
companies under U.S. law, Rabobank Group may also engage in non-banking activities in the U.S. that 
are financial in nature, or incidental or complementary to such financial activity, including securities, 
merchant banking, insurance and other financial activities, subject to certain limitations on the conduct of 
such activities and to prior regulatory approval in some cases. 
As a non-U.S. bank, Rabobank is generally authorised under U.S. law and regulations to acquire a 
non-U.S. company engaged in non-financial activities as long as the company’s U.S. operations do not 
exceed certain thresholds and certain other conditions are met. Rabobank is required to obtain the prior 
approval of the Federal Reserve before directly or indirectly acquiring the ownership or control of more 
than 5 per cent. of any class of voting shares of U.S. banks, certain other depository institutions, and bank 
or depository institution holding companies. 
State-licensed branches and agencies of non-U.S. banks (such as the New York Branch) may not, 
with certain exceptions that require prior regulatory approval, engage as a principal in any type of activity 
not permissible for their federally chartered or licensed counterparts. Likewise, the U.S. federal banking 
laws also subject state branches and agencies to the same single-borrower lending limits that apply to 
federal branches or agencies, which are substantially similar to the lending limits applicable to national 
banks. These single-borrower lending limits are based on the worldwide capital of the entire non-U.S. bank. 
The Federal Reserve may terminate the activities of any U.S. office of a non-U.S. bank if, among 
other things, it determines that the non-U.S. bank is not subject to comprehensive supervision on a

--- Page 363 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
363 
consolidated basis in its home country or that there is reasonable cause to believe that such non-U.S. bank 
or its affiliate has violated the law or engaged in an unsafe or unsound banking practice in the U.S. or, for 
a non-U.S. bank that presents a risk to the stability of the U.S. financial system, the home country of the 
non-U.S. bank has not adopted, or made demonstrable progress toward adopting, an appropriate system 
of financial regulation to mitigate such risk. In addition, the Superintendent of Financial Services of the 
State of New York (the “Superintendent”) may revoke any licence for a branch of a non-U.S. bank issued 
under New York Banking Law if, among other things, the Superintendent finds that the licensed bank has 
violated any provision of any law, rule or regulation of the State of New York. 
A major focus of U.S. governmental policy relating to financial institutions is aimed at preventing 
money laundering and terrorist financing and compliance with economic sanctions in respect of designated 
countries or activities. Failure of an institution to have policies and procedures and controls in place to 
prevent, detect and report money laundering and terrorist financing could in some cases have serious 
legal, financial and reputational consequences for the institution. 
New York Branch 
The New York Branch is licensed by the Superintendent to conduct a commercial banking business. 
Under New York Banking Law, the New York Branch is subject to the asset pledge requirements and is 
required to maintain eligible high-quality assets with banks in the State of New York. The Superintendent 
may also establish asset maintenance requirements for branches of non-U.S. banks. Currently, no such 
requirement has been imposed upon the New York Branch. 
New York Banking Law authorises the Superintendent to take possession of the business and 
property of a New York branch of a non-U.S. bank under certain circumstances, including violations of law, 
conduct of business in an unsafe manner, impairment of capital, suspension of payment of obligations, or 
initiation of liquidation proceedings against the non-U.S. bank at its domicile or elsewhere. In liquidating or 
dealing with a branch’s business after taking possession of a branch, only the claims of depositors and 
other creditors which arose out of transactions with a branch are to be accepted by the Superintendent for 
payment out of the business and property of the non-U.S. bank in the State of New York (which includes 
but is not limited to assets, or other property of the New York branch, wherever situated and any assets of 
the non-U.S. bank located in the State of New York, regardless of whether such assets are assets of the 
New York branch), without prejudice to the rights of the holders of such claims to be satisfied out of other 
assets of the non-U.S. bank. After such claims are paid, the Superintendent will turn over the remaining 
assets, if any, to the non-U.S. bank or its duly appointed liquidator or receiver.  
The Dodd-Frank Act 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) provides 
a broad framework for significant regulatory changes that extend to almost every area of U.S. financial 
regulation. The Dodd-Frank Act and other post-financial crisis regulatory reforms in the United States have 
increased costs, imposed limitations on activities and resulted in an increased intensity in regulatory 
enforcement. 
Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act requires that the lending and affiliate transaction limits 
applicable to the New York Branch take into account credit exposures arising from derivative transactions, 
securities borrowing and lending transactions, and repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements with 
counterparties. 
Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act provides U.S. regulators with tools to impose greater capital, 
leverage and liquidity requirements and other prudential standards, particularly for financial institutions that 
pose significant systemic risk, which include any non-U.S. banking organisation, such as Rabobank Group, 
with a branch or agency in the U.S. or a U.S. bank subsidiary and U.S.$50 billion or more in total 
consolidated assets. On 18 February 2014, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule implementing these 
heightened standards. Under the final rule, the New York Branch is subject to liquidity, risk management

--- Page 364 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
364 
requirements, and in certain circumstances, asset maintenance requirements. The Federal Reserve issued 
a final rulemaking on 10 October 2019 that revised the framework for applying the enhanced prudential 
standards applicable to FBOs under Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the Economic 
Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the “EGRRCPA”), by, among other things, (i) 
establishing risk-based categories for determining prudential standards for FBOs and (ii) amending those 
prudential standards, including standards relating to liquidity, risk management, stress testing, and single-
counterparty credit limits, depending on the risk profile of banking organizations under the risk-based 
categories. In addition, a separate rulemaking was also issued on 10 October 2019 by the Federal 
Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) and the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency (“OCC”) to, among other things, modify the application of capital and liquidity requirements to 
certain U.S. intermediate holding companies of FBOs. 
Section 13 of the BHC Act, together with the rules, regulations and published guidance thereunder, 
as amended (the “Volcker Rule”), adopted as part of the Dodd-Frank Act, limits the ability of banking 
entities and their affiliates to engage as principal in proprietary trading or to sponsor or invest in hedge, 
private equity or other similar funds or enter into certain covered transactions with certain covered funds, 
subject to certain exceptions and exemptions. However, certain non-U.S. banking organisations, such as 
certain non-U.S. banking entities within Rabobank Group, are exempt from these limitations with respect 
to activities that are solely outside of the U.S., subject to certain conditions. On 20 August 2019, the 
relevant U.S. federal agencies finalized a rulemaking that amended, in part, certain of the proprietary 
trading provisions under the Volcker Rule. In addition, on 25 June 2020, the relevant U.S. federal agencies 
finalised a rulemaking to amend certain parts of the Volcker Rule’s covered fund-related restrictions, which 
became effective on 1 October 2020. The changes are intended to improve and streamline certain aspects 
of the covered funds portion of the Volcker Rule. 
In addition, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, and the regulations adopted thereunder implementing 
the statutory requirements of Title VII, provide an extensive framework for the regulation of the derivatives 
market. While U.S. regulators have adopted many of the regulations governing the derivatives markets as 
contemplated by the Dodd-Frank Act, the implementation process is still ongoing and regulators continue 
to review and refine their initial rulemakings through additional interpretations and supplemental 
rulemakings. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, entities that qualify as swap dealers or major swap participants 
are required to register with the CFTC, while entities that qualify as security-based swap dealers and/or 
majority security-based swap participants will be required to register with the SEC. Rabobank is registered 
with the CFTC as a swap dealer. As a swap dealer, Rabobank is subject to additional regulatory 
requirements with respect to capital, margin requirements for OTC derivative transactions, business 
conduct standards and other requirements. As a swap dealer, Rabobank’s compliance with such regulatory 
requirements under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act may be costly and have an adverse impact on 
Rabobank Group. Additionally, under the so-called swap “push-out” provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, 
certain ABS swaps activities of uninsured U.S. branches of non-U.S. banks, such as the New York Branch, 
are restricted as a result of Rabobank’s registration as a swap dealer. The Dodd-Frank Act also requires 
all swap market participants (notwithstanding any registration requirement) to (i) maintain records and 
report certain information to swap data repositories in real-time and on an ongoing basis and (ii) clear 
certain categories of derivatives through a derivatives clearing organisation and execute such derivatives 
on a registered exchange (e.g., a designated contract market or swap execution facility).  
In October 2015, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, the Farm Credit Administration and the Federal 
Housing Finance Agency issued a final rule to establish minimum initial and variation margin collection 
requirements for non-cleared swaps and non-cleared security-based swaps entered into by certain 
registered swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers and/or major security-
based swap participants (“Registered Entities”) when facing other Registered Entities or financial end-
user counterparties (the “PR Margin Rules”). The CFTC has also implemented its own initial and variation 
margin requirements in respect of non-cleared swaps entered into by swap dealers and major swap

--- Page 365 ---
Regulation of Rabobank Group 
 
365 
participants not captured by the PR Margin Rules (the “CFTC Margin Rules” and, together with the PR 
Margin Rules, the “Uncleared Swap Margin Rules”). Because Rabobank is regulated by the Federal 
Reserve and is a registered swap dealer (as noted above), it is subject to the Uncleared Swap Margin 
Rules with respect to its uncleared OTC derivative transactions when facing other Registered Entities and 
financial end-user counterparties. 
Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act requires systemically important non-bank financial companies and 
large, interconnected financial institutions, including any non-U.S. bank with U.S.$50 billion or more in total 
consolidated assets that has a branch or agency in the U.S. (such as Rabobank Group) to prepare and 
periodically submit to the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the Financial Stability Oversight Council 
(“FSOC”), a plan for such company’s rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress 
or failure. The U.S. resolution plan requirements have been implemented through regulations issued by 
the Federal Reserve and the FDIC that establish rules and requirements regarding the submission and 
content of a resolution plan and procedures for review by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. The Federal 
Reserve and the FDIC must determine that a company’s U.S. resolution plan is credible and would facilitate 
an orderly resolution of the company. A company that fails to submit a credible U.S. resolution plan may 
be subject to a range of measures imposed by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, including more stringent 
capital, leverage or liquidity requirements; restrictions on growth, activities or operations; and requirements 
to divest assets or operations, as directed by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. While Rabobank was not 
required to submit a U.S. resolution plan in 2016 or 2017, Rabobank was required to, and did, submit a 
U.S. resolution plan in 2018. On 10 October 2019, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC jointly adopted a 
final rule to amend the U.S. resolution plan requirements and to address amendments made by the 
EGRRCPA. Pursuant to the final rule, FBOs with US$250 billion or more in global consolidated assets, 
such as Rabobank Group, are required to file reduced U.S. resolution plans every three years, with the 
next U.S. resolution plan due on 1 July 2022. 
Implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act and related final regulations is ongoing and has resulted in 
significant costs and potential limitations on Rabobank Group’s businesses and may have a material 
adverse effect on Rabobank Group’s results of operations. In addition, the uncertainty of the regulatory 
environment in the United States, especially with respect to the status of certain aspects of the Dodd-Frank 
Act and other U.S. regulations could impact Rabobank Group’s business activities and the value of the 
Notes should significant changes to such regulations be implemented.

--- Page 366 ---
Capitalisation and Indebtedness of Rabobank Group 
 
366 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS OF RABOBANK GROUP 
The table with respect to the capitalisation and indebtedness of Rabobank Group below sets out 
Rabobank Group’s consolidated own funds and consolidated long-term and short-term debt securities as 
at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. All information has been derived from and should be read 
in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
the information included in “Selected Financial Information”, the information in “Management’s Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and other financial data appearing 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
There has been no material change in the capitalisation and indebtedness of Rabobank Group since 
31 December 2020. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
Capitalisation of Rabobank Group 
 
 
 
Reserves and retained earnings .............................................................  
27,852 
28,157 
Equity instruments issued by Rabobank 
 
 
 
Rabobank Certificates .............................................................................  
7,822 
7,449 
Capital Securities ....................................................................................  
4,482 
5,264 
 
 
12,304 
12,713 
Other non-controlling interests ................................................................  
476 
477 
Total equity ............................................................................................  
40,632 
41,347 
Subordinated liabilities – non-current ......................................................  
11,538 
14,342 
Debt securities in issue – non-current - unsecured .................................  
47,855 
60,195 
Debt securities in issue – non-current – secured ....................................  
27,561 
30,754 
Total non-current debt (excluding current portion of long-term 
debt) .......................................................................................................  
86,954 
105,291 
Subordinated liabilities - current ..............................................................  
1,949 
1,448 
Debt securities in issue - current - unsecured .........................................  
34,897 
39,689 
Debt securities in issue - current - secured .............................................  
7,590 
5,354 
Total current debt (maturity up to one year) ......................................  
44,436 
46,490 
Total capitalisation ...............................................................................  
131,390 
151,781 
Breakdown of reserves and retained earnings 
 
 
 
Revaluation reserve – financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ...........................................................................  
321 
308 
Revaluation reserve – pensions ..............................................................  
(171) 
(170) 
Other reserves ........................................................................................  
(120) 
(149) 
Foreign currency translation reserves .....................................................  
(1,412) 
(742) 
Retained earnings ...................................................................................  
29,234 
28,910 
Total reserves and retained earnings .................................................  
27,852 
28,157

--- Page 367 ---
Capitalisation and Indebtedness of Rabobank Group 
 
367 
The table below sets forth Rabobank Group’s net indebtedness in the short term and in the medium-
long term. All information has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with Rabobank Group’s 
audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
and the notes thereto incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
(in millions of euros) 
 
2020 
2019 
Indebtedness of Rabobank Group 
 
 
 
Cash and balances at central banks(1) ....................................................  
108,466 
63,086 
Cash equivalents(2) ..................................................................................  
21,233 
28,964 
Trading securities(3) .................................................................................  
305 
398 
Total liquidity .........................................................................................  
130,004 
92,448 
Current financial receivables(4) ............................................................  
114,211 
109,999 
Current bank debt(5) ................................................................................  
16,334 
16,495 
Current portion of issued debt(6) ..............................................................  
43,081 
46,145 
Other current financial debt(7) ..................................................................  
347,433 
318,570 
Total current financial debt ..................................................................  
406,848 
381,210 
Net current financial indebtedness .....................................................  
162,633 
178,763 
Non-current bank debt(8) .........................................................................  
44,828 
4,749 
Non-current portion of issued debt(9) .......................................................  
83,926 
100,048 
Other non-current financial debt(10) .........................................................  
54,596 
61,372 
Non-current financial indebtedness ....................................................  
183,350 
166,169 
Net financial indebtedness ..................................................................  
345,983 
344,932 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Cash and balances at central banks. 
(2) 
Loans and advances to credit institutions with a maturity of up to one year. 
(3) 
Financial assets held for trading with a maturity of up to one year. 
(4) 
Total financial assets with a maturity of up to one year excluding cash balances at central banks, loans and 
advances to credit institutions and financial assets held for trading. 
(5) 
Due to banks with a maturity of up to one year. 
(6) 
Debt securities in issue and subordinated liabilities with a maturity of up to one year. 
(7) 
Total financial liabilities with a maturity of up to one year excluding due to banks, debt securities in issue and 
subordinated liabilities. 
(8) 
Due to banks with a maturity of more than one year. 
(9) 
Debt securities in issue and subordinated liabilities with a maturity of more than one year. 
(10) Total financial liabilities with a maturity of more than one year excluding due to banks, debt securities in issue 
and subordinated liabilities.

--- Page 368 ---
Rabobank Australia Branch 
 
368 
RABOBANK AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
ABN 70 003 917 655 
Rabobank Australia Branch is otherwise described as the Australian Branch of Rabobank. 
Rabobank Australia and New Zealand Group encompasses all the operating entities of Rabobank 
Group in Australia and New Zealand, including the Australian Branch of Rabobank, the New Zealand 
Branch of Rabobank, Rabobank Australia Limited, Rabo Australia Limited and Rabobank New Zealand 
Limited, together with their subsidiary companies. 
Rabobank entered the Australian market in 1990 through the establishment of a representative 
office. This office acted as a liaison office for the global Rabobank Group by fulfilling a supporting and 
advisory role with respect to business and marketing opportunities in both Australia and New Zealand. 
In 1996, Rabobank was granted banking authorities to engage in banking on a branch basis in 
Australia and New Zealand. Rabobank Australia Branch is the holder of an Australian Financial Services 
Licence. This is in line with Rabobank’s international strategy, which is primarily targeted at establishing 
Rabobank as a global leader in the financing of international food and agri business. 
The Australian-based Rabobank Australia and New Zealand Group office staff are all employed by 
Rabobank Australia Branch. 
Rabobank Australia Branch does not publish annual or interim accounts. Because it is a branch of 
Rabobank, its financial results are incorporated in the financial statements of Rabobank. 
Rabobank Australia Branch is not a stand-alone or separately incorporated legal entity and it does 
not have any share capital.

--- Page 369 ---
Rabobank New Zealand Branch 
 
369 
RABOBANK NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397 
Rabobank New Zealand Branch is otherwise described as the New Zealand Branch of Rabobank. 
Rabobank became a registered bank in New Zealand under the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 
1989 on 1 April 1996. Rabobank principally operates in New Zealand through Rabobank New Zealand 
Branch and a subsidiary, Rabobank New Zealand Limited (which is also a registered bank). 
Information about Rabobank and Rabobank New Zealand Branch is published semi-annually in 
disclosure statements required under the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 1989.

--- Page 370 ---
Taxation 
 
370 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Noteholders’ Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. The following summary describes the principal 
Australian, Belgian, Dutch, European Union, French, German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, 
Taiwanese, United Kingdom and U.S. tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and 
disposal of Notes, which term, for the purpose of this summary, includes Coupons, Receipts and Talons. 
This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Australian, Belgian, Dutch, 
European Union, French, German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, Taiwanese, United Kingdom and 
U.S. tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Notes. 
Each prospective Noteholder should consult a professional adviser in respect of the tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes. The discussion of certain Australian, Belgian, Dutch, European Union, French, 
German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, Taiwanese, United Kingdom and U.S. taxes set forth below 
is included for general information purposes only. 
This summary is based on the Australian, Belgian, Dutch, European Union, French, 
German, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Swiss, Taiwanese, United Kingdom and U.S. tax 
legislation, published case law, treaties, rules, regulations and similar documentation in 
force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments 
introduced at a later date and implemented with retroactive effect. The comments in this 
summary assume that there will be no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the 
consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution may be 
permitted by the terms and conditions of the Notes). 
Australia  
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on provisions currently in force in 
Australia at the date of this Base Prospectus. They relate to the position of persons who are the beneficial 
owners of the Notes issued by Rabobank Australia Branch. The comments are not exhaustive and, in 
particular, do not deal with the position of certain classes of Noteholders (including, without limitation, 
custodians and other third parties who hold Notes on behalf of Australian residents or non-residents of 
Australia who hold the Notes in the course of carrying on a trade or business at or through a permanent 
establishment in Australia). Noteholders should consult their own professional advisers in relation to the 
Australian taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of the Notes in their own particular 
circumstances. 
Withholding taxes 
Subject to the application of certain exemptions discussed below, interest paid by Rabobank 
Australia Branch to non-resident Noteholders who do not hold the Notes in carrying on a business at or 
through a permanent establishment in Australia will ordinarily be subject to interest withholding tax imposed 
under Division 11A of Part III of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (together with the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1997, (the “Tax Act”)), calculated at 10 per cent. of the gross amount of the interest. 
Interest withholding tax is a final tax for non-residents. Therefore, these non-resident Noteholders should 
not be required to lodge an income tax return in Australia merely because they receive interest on the 
Notes. 
Subject to the application of certain exemptions discussed below, interest withholding tax will also 
apply to interest paid to Australian resident Noteholders who hold Notes in the course of carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia. Any interest to which interest

--- Page 371 ---
Taxation 
 
371 
withholding tax applies or which is exempted from interest withholding tax (see below) may not be required 
to be included in such a Noteholder’s assessable income in determining their Australian taxable income. 
An exemption from Australian interest withholding tax should apply with respect to Notes issued by 
Rabobank Australia Branch for payments of interest (as the meaning of that term is extended by section 
128A(1AB) of the Tax Act) to non-residents of Australia who do not derive that interest in carrying on 
business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, or to Australian residents who derive that 
interest in carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment outside Australia, if the 
requirements of section 128F of the Tax Act are complied with. 
Interest (or an amount in the nature of interest) is exempt from Australian interest withholding tax 
under section 128F of the Tax Act if the “public offer” test is satisfied (see details below) and Rabobank 
Australia Branch is either: 
(a) 
an Australian resident company at the time the Notes are issued and when the interest is 
paid; or 
(b) 
a company not resident in Australia which issues the Notes and pays such interest in carrying 
on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia at the time the Notes are 
issued and when the interest is paid. 
As at the date of this document, Rabobank Australia Branch is, for the purposes of paragraph (b) 
above, a company not resident in Australia carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment 
in Australia. 
Broadly, and subject to the exceptions outlined below, the public offer test is satisfied if the Notes 
are issued as a result of being offered for issue: 
(a) 
to at least 10 persons each of whom: 
(i) 
was carrying on a business of providing finance, or investing or dealing in securities, 
in the course of operating in financial markets; and 
(ii) 
was not known, or suspected, by Rabobank to be an associate (as defined in 
subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of any of the other persons covered by 
this paragraph (a); or 
(b) 
to at least 100 persons whom it is reasonable for Rabobank to regard as having acquired 
instruments similar to the Notes in the past or being likely to be interested in acquiring 
instruments similar to the Notes; or 
(c) 
as a result of being accepted for listing on a stock exchange, where Rabobank Australia 
Branch has entered into an agreement with the dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to 
the placement of the Notes requiring Rabobank Australia Branch to seek such a listing; or 
(d) 
as a result of negotiations being initiated publicly in electronic form, or in another form, that 
is used by financial markets for dealing in instruments similar to the Notes; or 
(e) 
to a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes who, under an 
agreement with Rabobank Australia Branch offered the Notes for sale within 30 days in a 
way covered by any of paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
In relation to the issue of a Global Note, the “public offer” test will also be satisfied if the Global Note 
falls within the definition of “global bond” set out in subsection (10) of section 128F of the Tax Act. Broadly 
speaking, this will be the case if the following requirements are satisfied: 
(f) 
the Global Note describes itself as a global bond or a global note; and

--- Page 372 ---
Taxation 
 
372 
(g) 
it is issued to a clearing house (as defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) 
or to a person as trustee or agent for, or otherwise on behalf of, one or more clearing houses; 
and 
(h) 
in connection with the issue of the Global Note, the clearing house or houses confer rights in 
relation to the Global Note on other persons and will record the existence of the rights; and 
(i) 
before the issue of the Global Note, Rabobank Australia Branch or a Dealer, in relation to the 
placement of the Global Note, on behalf of Rabobank Australia Branch announces that, as a 
result of the issue, such rights will be able to be created; and 
(j) 
the announcement is made in a way or ways covered by any of subsections (3)(a) to (e) of 
section 128F of the Tax Act (reading a reference in those paragraphs to “debentures or debt 
interests” as if it were a reference to the rights referred to in paragraph (d) above and a 
reference to the “company” as if it included a reference to the Dealer); and 
(k) 
under the terms of the Global Note, interests in the Global Note are able to be surrendered, 
whether or not in particular circumstances, in exchange for other debentures issued by 
Rabobank Australia Branch that are not themselves Global Notes. 
The public offer test is not satisfied in respect of any of the Notes if at the time of issue Rabobank 
knew, or had reasonable grounds to suspect, that: 
(a) 
a Note or an interest in a Note was being, or would later be, acquired directly or indirectly by 
an associate (as defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of Rabobank; and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
the associate is a non-resident of Australia and the Note, or an interest in the Note, 
was not being, or would not be, acquired by the associate in carrying on a business at 
or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(ii) 
the associate is a resident of Australia and the Note, or an interest in the Note, was 
being, or would be, acquired by the associate in carrying on a business at or through 
a permanent establishment in a country outside Australia; and 
(c) 
the Note or an interest in the Note was not being, or would not be, acquired by the associate 
in the capacity of a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to the placement of the Notes, 
or a clearing house, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme 
(as defined in the Australian Corporations Act). 
The exemption in section 128F of the Tax Act also does not apply to interest (or an amount in the 
nature of interest) paid by Rabobank Australia Branch to a holder in respect of a Note, if Rabobank was 
aware or had reasonable grounds to suspect, at the time of payment, that: 
(a) 
the holder is an associate (as defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of 
Rabobank; and 
(b) 
either: 
(i) 
the associate is a non-resident of Australia and the payment is not received by the 
associate in respect of a Note that the associate acquired in carrying on a business at 
or through a permanent establishment in Australia; or 
(ii) 
the associate is a resident of Australia and the payment is received by the associate 
in respect of a Note that the associate acquired in carrying on a business at or through 
a permanent establishment in a country outside Australia; and

--- Page 373 ---
Taxation 
 
373 
(c) 
the associate does not receive the payment in the capacity of a clearing house, paying agent, 
custodian, funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (as defined in the 
Australian Corporations Act). 
An “associate” of Rabobank Australia Branch for the purposes of section 128F of the Tax Act 
includes: (i) a person or entity which holds more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares in or otherwise 
sufficiently influences Rabobank (whether by itself or together with another entity), (ii) an entity in which 
more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares are held by, or which is otherwise sufficiently influenced by, 
Rabobank, (whether by itself or together with another entity) (iii) the trustee of a trust where Rabobank is 
capable of benefiting (whether directly or indirectly) under a trust, and (iv) a person or entity which is an 
“associate” of another person or entity which is an “associate” of Rabobank under any of the foregoing. 
Although it depends on the final terms of the Notes (including under the relevant Final Terms (if 
applicable)): 
(a) 
returns on Notes bearing fixed or floating interest should be interest; and 
(b) 
although not without doubt, it is likely that returns on other forms of Notes will be interest, for 
the purposes of the interest withholding tax provisions. 
There are also specific rules that can apply to treat a portion of the purchase price of Notes as 
interest for interest withholding tax purposes if the Notes were originally issued at a discount, have a 
maturity premium or if they do not pay interest at least annually and they are acquired by an Australian 
resident Noteholder (not carrying on business through a permanent establishment outside of Australia) or 
non-resident Noteholder carrying on a business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. The 
rules do not apply if the deemed interest would have been exempt under section 128F of the Tax Act if the 
Notes had been held to maturity by a non-resident. 
In certain circumstances, section 126 of the Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax at the rate of 
45 per cent. under the Income Tax (Bearer Debentures) Act 1971, on the payment of interest on bearer 
notes if Rabobank Australia Branch fails to disclose the names and addresses of the holders to the 
Australian Taxation Office (“ATO”). The ATO is of the view that the holder of a debenture for the purposes 
of section 126(1)(e) of the Tax Act is the person or entity in possession of the debenture and that this is 
the person or entity to whom Rabobank Australia Branch makes the payment of interest. Section 126 does 
not apply if the interest payable under a bearer note is subject to interest withholding tax under Division 
11A of the Tax Act or if the interest is exempt from interest withholding tax under section 128F to the extent 
it applies to non-residents of Australia who are not engaged in carrying on business in Australia at or 
through a permanent establishment in Australia. Consequently, section 126 should only apply to persons 
or entities in possession of bearer notes who are residents of Australia or non-residents who are engaged 
in carrying on business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. Where interests 
in the relevant Notes are held by persons through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Rabobank 
Australia Branch intends to treat the operators of those systems as the holders of the relevant Notes for 
the purpose of section 126. 
For completeness, we note that even if the public offer test in section 128F is not satisfied, an 
exemption from Australian interest withholding tax may still apply to certain Noteholders (see below) under 
the current double tax agreements between Australia and a number of other countries (each a Specified 
Country).    
The exemption applies in respect of payments of interest arising in Australia to residents of the 
Specified Countries who are either: 
(a) 
governments and certain governmental authorities and agencies in that country; or 
(b) 
certain financial institutions, being a bank or other enterprise that substantially derives their 
profits by carrying on a business of raising and providing finance.

--- Page 374 ---
Taxation 
 
374 
Each of these double tax agreements contains anti-avoidance rules which will negate the exemption 
in respect of back-to-back loans and economically equivalent arrangements. 
The Australian Federal Treasury maintains a listing of Australia's double tax conventions which 
provides details of the relevant country and status of the agreement on its website. 
We note that the above exemption will not be relevant if (as is currently expected) the public offer 
test in section 128F is satisfied. 
If Rabobank Australia Branch is compelled by law at any time to withhold or deduct an amount in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Commonwealth of Australia or any authority therein having the power to tax, it will, except as stated in the 
Terms and Conditions for the Notes, pay such additional amounts as will result in the payment to the 
Noteholders concerned of the sum which would otherwise have been payable on the Notes. 
The Taxation Administration Act 1953 (“TA Act”) also requires a further type of withholding (Foreign 
Resident Withholding) which broadly provides that an entity carrying on business in Australia must withhold 
an amount from certain payments (prescribed by regulation) paid to non-residents, unless an appropriate 
exemption applies. Foreign Resident Withholding does not apply to payments of interest for the purposes 
of Division 11A of Part III of the Tax Act. Further, it is not expected that any regulations will be made that 
would impact on the repayment of principal under the Notes, since such repayments should not be 
regarded as reasonably related to assessable income of the foreign resident. 
Other taxes 
Rabobank Australia Branch has been advised by its Australian counsel that, under current 
Australian law: 
(a) 
subject to compliance with the specific requirements of section 128F of the Tax Act referred 
to above, payments of principal and interest (as the meaning of that term is extended by 
section 128A(1AB) of the Tax Act) by Rabobank Australia Branch to a holder of a Note who: 
(i) 
is a non-resident of Australia; 
(ii) 
during the taxable year has not carried on business at or through a permanent 
establishment within Australia; and 
(iii) 
is, at the time of issue and each subsequent payment date, not an associate (as 
defined in subsection (9) of section 128F of the Tax Act) of Rabobank other than an 
associate who receives the payment in the capacity of a clearing house, custodian, 
funds manager or responsible entity of a registered scheme (as referred to above) or, 
if the holder is such an associate, Rabobank did not at the relevant times know this or 
have reasonable grounds to suspect it, 
should not be subject to Australian income tax; 
(b) 
a holder of a Note who is a non-resident of Australia and who during the taxable year has not 
carried on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia: 
(i) 
should not be subject to Australian income tax on gains realised during that year on 
sale or redemption of the Note, provided that such gains do not have an Australian 
source and the Note was not used at any time by the holder in carrying on a business 
at or through a permanent establishment in Australia. A gain arising on the sale of a 
Note by a non-resident holder to another non-resident where the Note is sold outside 
Australia and all negotiations and documentation are conducted and executed outside 
Australia should not be regarded as having an Australian source; and

--- Page 375 ---
Taxation 
 
375 
(ii) 
should not be subject to Australian capital gains tax (“CGT”) on gains realised during 
that year on the sale or redemption of the Note; 
(c) 
the Notes should not be subject to death, estate or succession duties imposed by Australia 
or by any instrumentality thereof or therein; 
(d) 
no ad valorem stamp duty nor issue registration or similar taxes should be payable in 
Australia on the issue or transfer of the Notes;  
(e) 
no Australian goods and services tax should be payable on the issue or transfer of Notes or 
in respect of the payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(f) 
the tax treatment of the Notes for Australian resident Noteholders and non-resident 
Noteholders who hold their Notes in the course of carrying on a business through an 
Australian permanent establishment will depend on whether or not Division 230 (the Taxation 
of Financial Arrangements or “TOFA” provisions) of the Tax Act applies to the Noteholder. 
(i) 
If Division 230 applies, the Division statutorily sets out a number of methods that may 
be available to recognise the quantum and timing of income (including interest and 
profits on disposal or redemption of the Notes) and deductions (including losses on 
disposal or redemption of the Notes) arising in relation to financial arrangements 
(which would include the Notes), including accruals, realisation, reliance on financial 
reports, fair value, foreign exchange retranslation and hedging. It also generally 
removes the distinction between capital and revenue by characterising gains or losses 
in respect of financial arrangements as being on revenue account. 
(ii) 
If Division 230 does not apply, Noteholders will still be required to include any interest 
or other income derived in respect of the Notes in their assessable income under 
ordinary income tax principles. Depending upon the terms of the Notes, such 
Noteholders may also be required to include in their assessable Australian income, or 
may be allowed a deduction in respect of, any profit or loss (respectively) on sale or 
redemption of the Notes; 
(g) 
payment of interest on Notes issued by Rabobank Australia Branch to Noteholders who are 
either Australian residents, or non-residents holding Notes in connection with a permanent 
establishment in Australia, may be subject to withholding tax under Part VA of the Tax Act 
and section 12-140 of Schedule 1 of the TA Act where the recipient of the interest does not 
quote their tax file number (“TFN”) or, in certain circumstances, their Australian Business 
Number (“ABN”), or proof of some other relevant exemption. Any such tax will be withheld at 
the then current rate. The rate at the date of this document is 47 per cent.; 
(h) 
payment in respect of the Notes should be able to be made free and clear of Australian 
withholding tax imposed pursuant to section 12-190 of Schedule 1 of the TA Act; 
(i) 
Division 974 of the 1997 Act contains tests for characterising debt (for all entities) and equity 
(for companies) for Australian tax purposes including interest withholding tax. A more detailed 
consideration of the rules set out in Division 974 of the 1997 Act and the thin capitalisation 
rules set out in Division 820 of the 1936 Act is beyond the scope of this summary. 
(j) 
The Australian Commissioner of Taxation may give a notice or direction under Section 255 
of the Tax Act or section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the TAA requiring the Issuer to deduct from 
any sum payable by it to another person (including a holder of a Debt Instrument) any amount 
in respect of Australian tax payable by the payee. 
Section 255 of the Tax Act allows the Commissioner of Taxation to require a person 
(including an entity) having the receipt, control or disposal of money belonging to a non-

--- Page 376 ---
Taxation 
 
376 
resident of Australia (including because an amount is owing to that non-resident) to withhold 
and remit amounts to the Commissioner of Taxation on behalf of the non-resident for unpaid 
tax that is due and payable by the non-resident, if the non-resident: 
(i) 
derives income, or profits or gains of a capital nature from a source in Australia; or 
(ii) 
is a shareholder, debenture holder or depositor in a company deriving income, or 
profits or gains of a capital nature from a source in Australia. 
Section 260-5 of Schedule 1 to the TAA allows the Commissioner of Taxation to 
require an entity that owes money to another entity that has unpaid tax-related liabilities, 
judgment debts or outstanding penalties owing to the Commissioner of Taxation to withhold 
and remit amounts to the Commissioner on behalf of that other entity. An entity will be 
regarded as owing money to another entity (“debtor”) if it: 
(i) 
is an entity by whom the money is due or accruing to the debtor; 
(ii) 
holds money for or on account of the debtor; 
(iii) holds money for or on account of some other entity for payment to the debtor; or 
(iv) has authority from some other entity to pay the money to the debtor. 
Belgium 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding 
of Notes obtained by an investor in Belgium. This information is of a general nature and does not purport 
to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
acquire, to hold or to dispose of the Notes. This summary is based on Belgian tax legislation, treaties, 
rules, and administrative interpretations and similar documentation, in force as of the date of the publication 
of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a later date, even if 
implemented with retroactive effect. This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder 
of Notes that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into assets, of the exercise, settlement or 
redemption of such Notes or any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or 
redemption. 
Each prospective holder of Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes, taking into account the inﬂuence of each regional, local or 
national law.  
Belgian Withholding Tax  
Under Belgian tax law, “interest” income includes: (i) periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid 
by the Issuer in excess of the issue price (whether or not on the maturity date), and (iii) if the Notes qualify 
as ‘‘ﬁxed income securities’’ (in the meaning of article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code), in the case of 
a realisation of the Notes between two interest payment dates, the interest accrued during the detention 
period. “Fixed income securities” include Notes where there is a causal link between the amount of interest 
income and the detention period of the Notes, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate the amount 
of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Notes during their lifetime. Further, on 25 
January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the tax treatment of income from 
structured products the return of which is linked to an underlying value (share basket, index, etc.) and the 
terms and conditions of which include one or more of the following features: (a) a (conditional) minimum 
return; (b) capital protection; (c) a periodic coupon payment; and (d) determination of income at an 
intermediary stage using a “ratchet” system. The circular letter takes the position that such structured 
products qualify as “fixed income securities” and sets out a (somewhat unclear) formula to calculate the

--- Page 377 ---
Taxation 
 
377 
pro rata of accrued interest. It is debatable whether the general statements made in the circular letter are 
in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be 
subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of 
any non-Belgian withholding taxes) subject to such reductions or exemptions as may be available under 
Belgian domestic or treaty law. 
Belgian Income Tax rules applicable to natural persons resident in Belgium  
For Belgian resident individuals, the 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax constitutes the final income 
tax for Belgian resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on 
the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided withholding tax was levied on these interests. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Notes in their personal 
income tax return. Also, if no Belgian withholding tax has been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid 
outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of 
accrued interest in the case of a sale of the Notes), the interest received (after deduction of any non-
Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is 
declared in this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive 
personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, if this results in 
lower taxation) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited 
against the income tax liability. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except if the capital 
gains are realised outside the scope of the management of one’s private estate or except to the extent that 
the capital gains qualify as interest (as deﬁned above in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). 
Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals holding the Notes not as a private investment 
but in the framework of their professional activity or when the transactions with respect to the Notes fall 
outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate. 
Belgian resident corporations  
Interest derived by Belgian corporate investors (i.e. corporations subject to Belgian Corporate 
Income Tax) on the Notes and capital gains realised on the disposal or settlement of the Notes will in 
principle be subject to Belgian corporate income tax at the rate of in principle 25 per cent. Subject to certain 
conditions, small and medium-sized companies are taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 
20% on the first tranche of taxable profits of EUR 100,000.  
If non-Belgian withholding tax has been levied on the interest, a foreign tax credit may be applied 
against the Belgian tax due. The foreign tax credit is determined by reference to a fraction where the 
numerator is equal to the rate of the foreign tax with a maximum of 15 and the denominator is equal to 100 
minus the amount of the numerator (with a number of additional limitations). Capital losses on the Notes 
are in principle tax deductible.  
For Belgian resident corporations, interest payments on the Notes (except Zero Coupon Notes and 
other Notes which provide for the capitalisation of interest) made through a paying agent in Belgium can 
under certain circumstances be exempt from withholding tax, provided a special affidavit is delivered. The 
Belgian withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable 
legal provisions.  
Organisation for financing pensions  
Interest derived on the Notes and capital gains realised on the Notes will not be subject to Belgian 
Corporate Income Tax in the hands of Belgian Organisations for Financing Pensions (“OFPs”). Capital 
losses incurred by OFPs on the Notes will not be tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian

--- Page 378 ---
Taxation 
 
378 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable and refundable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions.  
Other Belgian legal entities  
Legal entities that are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. that are subject to Belgian tax on legal 
entities (Rechtspersonenbelasting / impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment in Belgium with respect to the Notes.  
Payments of interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”) on the Notes 
made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in 
Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. However, if no Belgian withholding 
tax has been withheld (e.g. because the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a 
Belgian paying agent or because it concerns the pro rata of accrued interest in the case of a sale of the 
Notes), the legal entity itself is liable to declare the interest to the Belgian tax administration and to pay the 
30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian treasury.  
Capital gains realised on the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the capital gain 
qualiﬁes as interest (as deﬁned in the section entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses on the 
Notes are in principle not tax deductible.  
Non-residents of Belgium 
The interest income on the Notes paid to a Belgian non-resident outside of Belgium, i.e. without the 
intervention of a professional intermediary in Belgium, is not subject to Belgian withholding tax. Interest 
income on the Notes paid through a Belgian professional intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 
per cent. Belgian withholding tax, unless the holder is resident in a country with which Belgium has 
concluded a double taxation agreement and delivers the requested attestation. Non-resident holders that 
have not allocated the Notes to business activities in Belgium can also obtain an exemption of Belgian 
withholding tax on interest if the interest is paid through a Belgian credit institution, a Belgian stock market 
company or a Belgian clearing or settlement institution and provided that the non-resident (i) is the owner 
or usufruct holder of the Notes, (ii) has not allocated the Notes to business activities in Belgium and (iii) 
delivers an affidavit confirming his non-resident status and the fulfilment of conditions (i) and (ii). 
Non-resident holders using the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident corporations (see 
above).  
Non-resident holders who do not allocate the Notes to a professional activity in Belgium are not 
subject to Belgian income tax, save, as the case may be, in the form of withholding tax.  
Belgian Implementing Legislation of Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU (the “DAC”) 
The Council of the European Union has adopted the DAC, pursuant to which Austria is required to 
apply new measures on mandatory automatic exchange of information as of 1 January 2017 and all the 
other Member States as of 1 January 2016. The DAC is generally broader in scope than the Savings 
Directive, although it does not impose withholding taxes. 
Belgium has implemented the amended Directive 2014/107/EU as per the Law of 16 December 
2015. 
Belgian tax on stock exchange transactions and tax on repurchase transactions 
The purchase and sale of the Notes on the secondary market that is (i) either entered into or carried 
out in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the 
case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by a private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or by a legal entity for the account of its

--- Page 379 ---
Taxation 
 
379 
seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”), will be subject to a tax on 
stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les operations de bourse. The tax is 
generally due at a rate of 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments and at a rate of 0.35 per cent. 
for transactions in other securities which are not capitalisation shares, with a maximum amount per 
transaction and per party of €1,300 for debt instruments and €1,600 for other securities which are not 
capitalisation shares. The tax is due separately from each of the seller/transferor and the 
purchaser/transferee and is collected by the professional intermediary. 
If the intermediary is established outside Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by 
the ordering private individual or legal entity (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax 
return and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due) unless that individual or entity 
can demonstrate that the tax on stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by the 
professional intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional 
intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying 
order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant 
transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must 
be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-today 
listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium have the 
possibility to appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and 
formalities (a “Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will 
then be liable toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions on behalf of clients 
that fall within one of the aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as exempt 
persons for stock exchange tax purposes – see below) and to comply with the reporting obligations and 
the obligations relating to the order statement (borderel/bordereau) in that respect. If such a Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor 
will, as per the above, no longer be the statutory debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
A tax on repurchase transactions (taks op de reporten/taxe sur les reports) at the rate of 0.085 per 
cent. will be due from each party to any such transaction entered into or settled in Belgium in which a 
stockbroker acts for either party, with a maximum amount of €1,300 per transaction and per party. 
However, the taxes referred to above will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Articles 126.1 2° and 139 of the Code of various duties and taxes (Code des droits et taxes 
divers/Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen). 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a financial transactions tax (“FTT”). This 
proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or value added tax as provided 
in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore 
may be changed at any time. 
Belgian tax on the physical delivery of bearer Notes 
A tax of 0.6 per cent. is levied upon the physical delivery of bearer Notes pursuant to their acquisition 
on the secondary market through a professional intermediary. The same tax applies to the conversion of 
registered Notes into bearer Notes and to the physical delivery of bearer Notes pursuant to a withdrawal 
of these Notes from open custody. The tax on the delivery of bearer Notes is due either on the sums 
payable by the purchaser, or on the sales value of the Notes as estimated by the custodian in the case of 
a withdrawal from open custody or by the person asking for the conversion of the Notes in case of

--- Page 380 ---
Taxation 
 
380 
conversion of a registered Notes in a bearer Notes. The tax is payable by the issuer, the professional 
intermediary or the custodian. 
The physical delivery of bearer Notes to recognised Belgian professional intermediaries (such as 
credit institutions), acting for their own account, is exempt from the above tax. 
New Belgian annual tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the law of 17 February 2021 as published in the Belgian Official Gazette on 25 February 
2021, a new indirect tax of 0.15% on securities accounts has been introduced (the “Tax on Securities 
Accounts”).  
The Tax on Securities Accounts applies to securities accounts held by resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial 
intermediary which is incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. As to non-residents individuals, 
companies and legal entities, the Tax on Securities Accounts applies to securities accounts held with a 
financial intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium and to securities accounts held by non-
residents through a Belgian establishment irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a 
financial intermediary incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad. Pursuant to certain double tax 
treaties, Belgium has however no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent the Tax on Securities Accounts 
is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, subject 
to certain conditions, be claimed. As to specific types of regulated entities, the Tax on Securities Accounts 
is not due on securities accounts held in the context of their own professional activity and for their own 
account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank 
and foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by 
Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment 
companies and (iv) investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on 
access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio 
management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold 
financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The Tax on Securities Accounts is due on the average value of qualifying financial instruments held 
on one or more securities accounts during a reference period of twelve consecutive months starting in 
principle on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year. The first reference period 
started on 26 February 2021 and will end on 30 September 2021. Qualifying financial instruments are 
financial instruments as referred to in Article 2, 1° of the Law of 2 August 2002 on the supervision of the 
financial sector and on financial services (including not only shares, bonds and notes, but also derivatives), 
as well as cash amounts, provided they are held in a securities account.  
No Tax on Securities Accounts is due provided the average value of the qualifying financial 
instruments held in the relevant securities account amounts to less than EUR 1 million during the relevant 
reference period. If, however, said average value amounts to EUR 1 million or more, the Tax on Securities 
Accounts will be due on the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts during 
the relevant reference period and, hence, not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 1 million threshold. 
In this respect, each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities 
account, each holder shall be jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may 
fulfil the declaration requirements for all holders. Finally, the amount of the Tax on the Securities Accounts 
is limited to 10% of the difference between the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on the 
relevant securities accounts and EUR 1 million. Certain anti-abuse provisions are provided which apply 
retroactively as from 30 October 2020.

--- Page 381 ---
Taxation 
 
381 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to follow up and seek their own professional advice in 
relation to this new annual tax on securities accounts and the possible impact thereof on their own personal 
tax position. 
France 
The following is an overview addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of 
income arising from the Notes. This overview is (i) based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect 
in France as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially 
with retroactive effect, and (ii) prepared on the assumption that the Issuers are not French residents for 
French tax purposes and are not acting from a French branch, permanent establishment or other fixed 
place of business in France in connection with the Notes. Investors should be aware that the comments 
below are of a general nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as 
such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisers so as to 
determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, 
redemption or sale of the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes who are French resident for tax purposes or who would hold 
such Notes through a permanent establishment or fixed base in France should be aware that transactions 
involving the Notes, including any purchase or disposal of, or other dealings in, the Notes, may have French 
tax consequences. The tax consequences regarding interest, premium on redemption and capital gains in 
particular may depend, amongst other things, upon the status of the prospective purchaser (i.e. legal 
entities or individuals) and on the specific terms and conditions of the relevant Notes.  
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the French tax code (Code général des impôts), subject to 
certain exceptions, interest and other similar revenues paid by paying agents established in France and 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax 
levied by such paying agents, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the 
year in which the payment has been made.  
Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of 
withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on interest and other similar revenues paid by paying 
agents established in France to individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France. 
 If the paying agent is not established in France, subject to certain exceptions, the 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax and social contributions are levied by the individual investor itself. However, if the paying 
agent is located in the European Union or in a State which is a member of the European Economic Area, 
the 12.8 per cent. withholding tax and social contributions may, upon request by the French individual 
investor, be levied by such paying agent. 
The European Commission published a proposal for the FTT on 14 February 2013 for a Directive 
for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. This proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force the Participating Member 
States (which includes France) shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than 
the FTT (or value added tax as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). The proposal has a very broad scope and could, if adopted in its 
current form and in certain circumstances, apply to certain dealings in the Notes.  
Under the Commission’s proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the Participating Member States. 
More recently, the Participating Member States (excluding Estonia) have agreed to continue 
negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal based on the French financial transactions 
tax model at a minimum rate of 0.2 per cent. which in principle would only concern acquisition of shares of

--- Page 382 ---
Taxation 
 
382 
listed companes whose market capitalisation exceeds EUR 1 billion on December 1 of the preceding year 
and whose head office is in a Member State of the European Union. The proposal remains subject to 
negotiation between the participating Member States and its scope remains uncertain. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and certain of the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia which already withdrew) may decide to withdraw. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Germany 
The following is an overview addressing only the German compulsory withholding tax treatment of 
income arising from the Notes. This overview is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect 
in Germany as at the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially 
with retroactive effect. The summary does not deal with any other German tax implications of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Notes. Investors should be aware that the comments below are of a general 
nature and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective 
investors are therefore advised to consult their own qualified advisers so as to determine, in the light of 
their individual situation, the tax consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes. 
Residents of Germany 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, there is in the Federal Republic of Germany no statutory 
obligation for the Issuer to withhold or deduct any German withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) from 
payments of interest and repayment of capital on the Notes as well as gains from the disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment of the Notes. 
However, if the Notes are kept or administered in a domestic securities deposit account by a or 
presented 
to 
a 
German 
credit 
institution 
(Kreditinstitut) 
or 
financial 
services 
institution 
(Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) (or with a German branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), 
or with a German securities trading company (Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or a German securities 
trading bank (Wertpapierhandelsbank) (altogether a “German Disbursing Agent”), the German 
Disbursing Agent will withhold the tax in an amount of 25 per cent. plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge 
thereon (resulting in a total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent) on payments of interest. The same 
withholding applies to any gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of Notes except 
for any gains derived by German resident corporate holders and upon application by individual investors 
holding the Notes as business assets, subject to certain requirements. Special rules may apply in case of 
physical settlement. If the Notes were disposed, redeemed, repaid or assigned after being transferred to 
a securities deposit account with a German Disbursing Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus a 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon) would be levied on 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment, as the case may be, unless the investor or the previous depository 
bank was able and allowed to prove evidence for the investor's actual acquisition costs to the German 
Disbursing Agent.  
The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rate if church tax applies and 
is collected for an individual investor by way of withholding which is provided for as a standard procedure 
unless the individual investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central 
Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
Please note that according to the law for the reduction of the solidarity surcharge dated 10 
December 2019 (Gesetz zur Rückführung des Solidaritätszuschlags 1995), as of the assessment period 
2021 onwards the solidarity surcharge is only to be levied for wage tax and income tax purposes if the 
individual income tax of the investor exceeds the threshold of EUR 16,956 (EUR 33,912 for jointly assessed

--- Page 383 ---
Taxation 
 
383 
investors). The solidarity surcharge, however, remains in place for purposes of the withholding tax, the flat 
tax regime and the corporate income tax. 
Non-residents of Germany 
In general, non-residents of Germany are not subject to German withholding tax, subject to meeting 
certain further requirements. However, withholding tax may nevertheless be applicable in certain 
exceptional cases, e.g. if the Notes are presented for payment or credit at the offices of a German 
Disbursing Agent (OTC transaction). 
Luxembourg 
The comments below are intended as a basic summary of certain withholding tax consequences in 
relation to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes under Luxembourg law. Persons who are 
in any doubt as to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no 
Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest).  
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding 
tax. Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
The Netherlands  
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in 
force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes, and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below it is assumed that 
a holder of Notes, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or – in the case of such holder being an entity – a deemed substantial interest, 
in the Issuer and that no connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder has or will have a 
substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, 
either alone or together with his partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have or (b) certain 
relatives of such individual or his partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have (i) the 
ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5 per cent. 
or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such company or the issued and 
outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights 
over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual 
profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an individual has a deemed substantial 
interest in a company if (i) such individual or such individual's predecessor has disposed of or is 
deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest, or (ii) such individual has transferred 
an enterprise in exchange for shares in such company, in each case, on a non-recognition basis.

--- Page 384 ---
Taxation 
 
384 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity, 
directly or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, 
shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of such 
company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or (ii) the 
ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5 per 
cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such company. Generally, an 
entity has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has disposed of or is deemed to 
have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-recognition basis.  
For the purpose of this summary, the term "entity" means a corporation as well as any other 
person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes or would be taxable as a 
corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes in case such corporation or other person would be or 
would be deemed to be tax resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding 
Notes, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic 
interest in such Notes or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted 
that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third 
party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) 
settlor, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such 
arrangement. 
Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of 
the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, unless the Notes qualify 
as debt effectively functioning as equity within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, sub d, of the 
Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969) and save that Dutch 
withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed 
in the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax 
purposes 
(Regeling 
laagbelastende 
staten 
en 
nietcoöperatieve 
rechtsgebieden 
voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the 
interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main 
purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest 
in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower tier) entity as the 
recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid 
mismatch), all within the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
Resident Entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of

--- Page 385 ---
Taxation 
 
385 
income or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25 per cent. in 
2021). 
Resident Individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes will be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived 
from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50 per cent. in 2021) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active 
asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, such individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax on 
the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For 
2021 the deemed return ranges from 1.90 per cent. to 5.69 per cent. of the value of the individual's net 
assets as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the Notes). The applicable percentages will 
be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to application of certain allowances, the 
deemed return will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate (31 per cent. in 2021). 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch 
tax purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes 
unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment 
(vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the 
Netherlands and the holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the 
holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the Netherlands 
as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, 
activities that exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift tax or inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(i) 
such holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at 
the time of the gift or death, is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose 
of the relevant provisions.

--- Page 386 ---
Taxation 
 
386 
Value added tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in 
consideration for the acquisition of the Notes, payments of principal or interest under the Notes, or 
payments in consideration for a disposal of the Notes. 
Other taxes and duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar Dutch tax or duty payable in the 
Netherlands by a holder of Notes in respect of, or in connection with, the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the 
Notes or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of the acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery 
and/or enforcement of Notes.  
New Zealand 
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on provisions currently in force in New 
Zealand as at the date of this Base Prospectus. They relate to the position of persons who are the beneficial 
owners of the Notes and who are not associated with the Issuer (or deemed to be associated with the 
Issuer by being a member of a “non-resident owning body” with ownership interests in the Issuer) or 
otherwise party to an “indirect associated funding arrangement” with the Issuer for New Zealand tax 
purposes (in each case as defined in the Income Tax Act 2007 (NZ)). The comments are not exhaustive 
and, in particular, may not deal with the position of certain classes of Noteholders. Noteholders should 
consult their own professional advisers in relation to the New Zealand taxation implications of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Notes in their own particular circumstances. 
One of two kinds of withholding tax potentially applies to interest paid on a Note. In addition, an 
approved issuer levy might apply for some non-residents. 
Resident withholding tax 
Resident withholding tax potentially applies to interest paid to a Noteholder who: 
(a) 
is resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes; or 
(b) 
is not resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes but who derives the 
interest from money lent by that non-resident: 
(i) 
for the purposes of a business it carries on in New Zealand through a fixed 
establishment in New Zealand; or 
(ii) 
where the non-resident is a bank registered as such under New Zealand law that is 
engaged in business in New Zealand through a fixed establishment in New Zealand 
and is not associated with the Issuer. 
Resident withholding tax is not applicable if the Noteholder has RWT-exempt status (as defined in 
the Income Tax Act 2007 (NZ)). Where appropriate, the Noteholder should provide satisfactory evidence 
to the Issuer or the Registrar that such Noteholder has RWT-exempt status. 
If the Noteholder has provided evidence of its RWT-exempt status, and that status is subsequently 
revoked, the Noteholder is required by New Zealand law to notify the Registrar of the revocation within five 
working days of receipt of the notice of revocation.

--- Page 387 ---
Taxation 
 
387 
If applicable, resident withholding tax will be deducted from a payment of interest. Currently resident 
withholding tax for individuals is deducted at a rate of 10.5 per cent., 17.5 per cent., 30 per cent. or 33 per 
cent. (with an additional rate of 39 per cent. commencing on 1 October 2021), while the rate for companies 
is 28 per cent. or 33 per cent. (with an additional rate of 39 per cent. commencing on 1 October 2021), 
provided in each case that the Noteholder has supplied their IRD number to the Issuer or the Registrar. A 
“non-declaration” 45 per cent. rate applies if the Noteholder’s IRD number is not supplied. 
Resident withholding tax would not apply in the case of a non-resident who is paid interest on a 
Note that does not have a New Zealand source. 
Non-resident withholding tax 
Non-resident withholding tax applies to interest with a New Zealand source that is paid to a 
Noteholder to whom resident withholding tax (refer above) does not apply. 
If applicable, the New Zealand Income Tax Act 2007 provides that non-resident withholding tax shall 
be deducted from a payment of interest at a rate of 15 per cent. and accounted for to the New Zealand 
Inland Revenue Department. However, most double tax agreements to which New Zealand is a party 
provide that the New Zealand taxation of interest arising from New Zealand may not exceed 10 per cent. 
of the gross amount of the interest. Some of New Zealand’s more recent double tax agreements reduce 
the rate to 0 per cent. where the recipient is the government of the country party to the double tax 
agreement, or is one of certain government agencies thereof. A Noteholder who believes that a double tax 
agreement has the effect of reducing the non-resident withholding tax otherwise applicable to interest 
payable to the Noteholder should provide the Issuer or the Registrar with satisfactory evidence supporting 
the application of that reduced rate. 
Non-resident withholding tax would not apply to interest paid on a Note that does not have a New 
Zealand source. 
Approved issuer levy 
Notes may become a “registered security” subject to the approved issuer levy taxation regime, at 
the discretion of the Issuer. If so, the Issuer will pay the approved issuer levy (expected to be 2 per cent. 
of the gross amount of the interest payable, although in certain situations a zero per cent. rate may be 
applicable) to the New Zealand Inland Revenue Department so as to reduce any non-resident withholding 
tax otherwise payable by the Issuer to zero. No reduction of the interest payable to a Noteholder will be 
made on account of the approved issuer levy paid or payable by the Issuer. 
Gross-up for Taxes 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent will make any additional payment to the Noteholders on 
account of the deduction of New Zealand resident withholding tax. If the Issuer is compelled by law at any 
time to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of New Zealand non-resident withholding tax from interest 
paid or payable to a Noteholder, it will, except as stated in the Terms and Conditions for the Notes and 
subject to the utilisation of the approved issuer levy regime (refer “Approved issuer levy” above), pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the payment to the Noteholder concerned of the sum that would 
otherwise have been payable on the Notes. 
Income tax 
The New Zealand financial arrangements rules may apply to a Noteholder who: 
(a) 
is resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes; or 
(b) 
is not resident in New Zealand for New Zealand income tax purposes but who holds the Note 
for the purposes of a business carried on in New Zealand through a fixed establishment in 
New Zealand.

--- Page 388 ---
Taxation 
 
388 
If applicable, the financial arrangements rules may require the Noteholder to adopt a spreading 
method to recognise the Noteholder's annual interest income from the Notes. The adoption of a spreading 
method is not required for a Noteholder able to be classified as a “cash basis person”. 
The financial arrangements rules require all Noteholders subject to the rules, including a cash basis 
person, to perform a “base price adjustment” calculation upon sale, transfer, maturity or repurchase of the 
Notes. The calculation may bring to account any previously unrecognised gain on the Notes, including any 
gain from the sale, transfer, maturity or redemption.  
Switzerland  
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) 
Notes issued by any of the Issuers where the Noteholder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax 
presence in Switzerland or (ii) Notes where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is located in 
Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim 
to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to 
invest in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are 
advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) 
in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Payments of interest on, and repayment of principal of, the Notes by the Issuer will not be subject 
to Swiss federal withholding tax, provided that the Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside 
Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes.  
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation 
procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss withholding tax regime, which had previously been 
suspended. A main aspect of the draft legislation is the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and 
foreign investors from withholding tax on Swiss domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft 
legislation would replace the current debtor-based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying 
agent-based regime for Swiss withholding tax. Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would (i) subject 
all interest payments made through paying agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to 
Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, 
including to Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments 
via foreign and domestic collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-based regime were 
to be enacted and were to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss withholding tax on any interest 
payments in respect of the Notes, the Notes would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as a 
result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Notes. However, the results of the 
consultation, which ended on 10 July 2020, were controversial. Consequently, on 15 April 2021, the Swiss 
Federal Council submitted a new draft on the reform of the Swiss withholding tax system providing for the 
abolition of Swiss withholding tax on interest payments on bonds for submission to the Swiss Federal 
Parliament. 
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issue and redemption of Notes by the Issuer are not subject to Swiss federal stamp duty on the 
issue of securities. 
Purchases or sales of Notes with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic bank 
or a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp duty act) is a party, or acts 
as an intermediary, to the transaction may be subject to Swiss federal stamp duty on dealings in securities 
at a rate of up to 0.3 per cent. of the purchase price of the Notes. Where both the seller and the purchaser

--- Page 389 ---
Taxation 
 
389 
of the Notes are non-residents of Switzerland or the Principality of Liechtenstein, no Swiss federal stamp 
duty on dealing in securities is payable. 
Income Taxation on Principal or Interest 
(i) 
Notes held by non-Swiss holders 
Payments of interest on and repayment of principal of the Notes by the Issuer to, and gains realised 
on the sale or redemption of Notes by, a holder of Notes who (i) is not a resident of Switzerland, (ii) has 
not during the relevant taxation year engaged in a trade or business through a permanent establishment 
or a fixed place of business in Switzerland to which the Notes are attributable and (iii) is not subject to 
income taxation in Switzerland for any other reason will not be subject to any Swiss federal, cantonal or 
communal income tax.  
(ii) 
Notes held by Swiss holders as private assets 
Notes without a “predominant one-time interest payment”: An individual who resides in Switzerland 
and privately holds a Note the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium, is required to include all payments of interest received on such Note as well as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period, and 
will be taxed on the net taxable income (including the payment of interest on the Note) for such tax period 
at the then prevailing tax rates.  
Notes with a “predominant one-time interest payment”: An individual who resides in Switzerland and 
privately holds a Note the yield-to-maturity of which predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments, is required to include in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period any 
periodic interest payments received on the Note and, in addition, any amount equal to the difference 
between the value of the Note at redemption or sale, as applicable, and the value of the Note at issuance 
or secondary market purchase, as applicable, realised on the sale or redemption of such Note, and 
converted into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or 
purchase, respectively, and will be taxed on any net taxable income (including such amounts) for the 
relevant tax period. A holder of a Note may offset any value decrease realised by him or her on such a 
Note on sale or redemption against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised by him or her 
within the same taxation period on the sale or redemption of other debt securities with a predominant one-
time interest payment.  
Capital gains and losses: Swiss resident individuals who sell or otherwise dispose of privately held 
Notes realise either a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax-deductible capital loss. See the preceding 
paragraph for a summary of the tax treatment of a gain or a loss realised on Notes with a “predominant 
one-time interest payment.” See “Notes held as Swiss business assets” below for a summary on the tax 
treatment of individuals classified as “professional securities dealers.”  
(iii) 
Notes held as Swiss business assets 
Individuals who hold Notes as part of a business in Switzerland and Swiss-resident corporate 
taxpayers and corporate taxpayers residing abroad holding Notes as part of a permanent establishment 
or fixed place of business in Switzerland are required to recognise the payments of interest and any capital 
gain or loss realised on the sale or other disposition of such Notes in their income statement for the 
respective tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable earnings for such tax period. The same taxation 
treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, are classified as 
“professional securities dealers” for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealings and leveraged transactions in 
securities.

--- Page 390 ---
Taxation 
 
390 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
“MCAA”). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the “AEOI”). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters (the 
“AEOI Act”) entered into force on 1 January 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the implementation 
of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral 
agreements. The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, 
compliance with the principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and 
levy taxes (and for criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such bilateral or multilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, 
Notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in 
Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or in a treaty state. An up-to-date 
list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the 
website of the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters SIF. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss 
financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder 
or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be 
transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope 
of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and 
Switzerland. 
Taiwan 
The following summary of certain taxation provisions under Taiwan law is based on current law and 
practice that the Notes will be issued, offered, sold and re-sold, directly or indirectly, to professional 
institutional investors as defined under Paragraph 2 of Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act 
of Taiwan only. It does not purport to be comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax advice. 
Investors (particularly those subject to special tax rules, such as banks, dealers, insurance companies and 
tax-exempt entities) should consult with their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Notes. 
Interest on the Notes 
As the Issuer of the Notes is not a Taiwanese statutory tax withholder, there is no Taiwanese 
withholding tax on the interest or deemed interest to be paid by the Issuer on the Notes.  
Taiwanese corporate holders must include any interest or deemed interest receivable under the 
Notes as part of their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate of 20 per cent. (unless the total 
taxable income for a fiscal year is 120,000 New Taiwan Dollars or under), as they are subject to income 
tax on their worldwide income on an accrual basis. The alternative minimum tax ("AMT”) is not applicable. 
Sale of the Notes 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds is subject to 0.1 per cent. securities 
transaction tax (“STT”) on the transaction price. However, Article 2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act 
of Taiwan prescribes that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate bonds and financial bonds 
from 1 January 2010 to 31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of the Notes will be exempt from STT if

--- Page 391 ---
Taxation 
 
391 
the sale is conducted on or before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 2027, any sale of the Notes 
will be subject to STT at 0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless otherwise provided by the tax laws 
that may be in force at that time.  
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are exempt from Taiwan income tax. Accordingly, 
Taiwanese corporate holders are not subject to Taiwan income tax on any capital gains generated from 
the sale of the Notes. However, Taiwanese corporate holders should include such capital gains in 
calculating their basic income for the purpose of calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT exceeds 
the annual income tax calculated pursuant to the Taiwan Income Basic Tax Act (also known as the AMT 
Act), the excess becomes the Taiwanese corporate holders' AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred 
from the sale of the Notes by such holders could be carried over 5 years to offset against capital gains of 
same category of income for the purposes of calculating their AMT. 
Non-Taiwanese corporate holders with a fixed place of business (e.g., a branch) or a business agent 
in Taiwan are not subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes. However, 
their fixed place of business or business agent should include any such capital gains in calculating their 
basic income for the purposes of calculating AMT. 
As to non-Taiwanese corporate holders without a fixed place of business and a business agent in 
Taiwan, they are not subject to income tax or AMT on any capital gains generated from the sale of the 
Notes. 
United Kingdom  
The following applies only to persons who are the beneficial owners of Notes and is a summary of 
the Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom law as applied in England and Wales and published 
HM Revenue and Customs (“HMRC”) practice (which may not be binding on HMRC), in each case, as at 
the latest practicable date before the date of this Base Prospectus, relating only to United Kingdom 
withholding tax treatment of payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes. It does not deal with 
any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes and is not 
intended to be exhaustive. It assumes that interest on the Notes does not have a United Kingdom source 
and, in particular, that the Issuer is neither United Kingdom resident nor acts through a permanent 
establishment in the United Kingdom in relation to the Notes. The United Kingdom tax treatment of 
prospective Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the 
future. Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom 
or who may be unsure as to their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
References in this part to “interest” shall mean amounts that are treated as interest for the purposes 
of United Kingdom taxation. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of United Kingdom income tax. 
United States  
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below). Except where otherwise expressly 
noted, all references to Notes in this summary refer only to Registered Notes issued by Rabobank that are 
properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This summary does not address the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of every type of Note which may be issued under the Programme, and 
the relevant Final Terms may contain additional or modified disclosure concerning the material U.S. federal 
income tax consequences relevant to such type of Note as appropriate. This summary deals only with 
purchasers of Notes that are U.S. Holders and that will hold the Notes as capital assets. The discussion 
does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect

--- Page 392 ---
Taxation 
 
392 
that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Notes by 
particular investors (such as the alternative minimum tax or the Medicare tax on net investment income), 
and does not address state, local, foreign or other tax laws (such as estate and gift tax laws). In particular, 
this summary does not discuss all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to certain types of 
investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as financial institutions, 
insurance companies, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred accounts, tax-exempt 
organisations, dealers in securities or currencies, investors that will hold the Notes as part of straddles, 
hedging transactions or conversion transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes, persons that have 
ceased to be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents of the United States, investors holding the Notes 
in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States, U.S. citizens or lawful 
permanent residents living abroad or investors whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar). Moreover, 
the summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax treatment of (i) Equity Linked Notes and Index 
Linked Notes that reference equities, (ii) FX Linked Notes, (iii) Notes for which payments of principal or 
interest are denominated in, or determined by reference to, more than one currency, or (iv) Notes with a 
term of more than 30 years. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning any such Notes will be 
discussed in the relevant Final Terms. 
As used herein, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of Notes that is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or 
organised under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate 
the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust if a court 
within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one 
or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has 
validly elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in an entity or arrangement treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds Notes will depend on the status of the partner 
and the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are entities or arrangements treated as 
partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to them and their partners of the acquisition, ownership and disposition 
of Notes by the partnership. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States, including the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder, 
published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date hereof and all subject to change at any time, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
U.S. Holders that maintain certain types of financial statements and use the accrual method of 
accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally are required to include certain amounts in 
income no later than the time such amounts are reflected on their financial statements. The application of 
this rule may require U.S. Holders that maintain such financial statements to include certain amounts 
realised in respect of the Notes in income earlier than would otherwise be the case under the rules 
described herein, although the precise application of this rule is unclear at this time. U.S. Holders that use 
the accrual method of accounting should consult with their tax advisors regarding the potential applicability 
of this rule to their particular situation. 
Bearer Notes (including Exchangeable Bearer Notes while in bearer form) are not being offered to 
U.S. Holders. A U.S. Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to limitations under United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Code. 
THE SUMMARY OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. ALL PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE

--- Page 393 ---
Taxation 
 
393 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER 
TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
Payments of interest 
Interest on a Note, whether payable in U.S. Dollars or a currency other than U.S. Dollars (a “foreign 
currency”), other than interest on a “Discount Note” that is not “qualified stated interest” (each as defined 
below under “Original issue discount — General”), will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at 
the time it is received or accrued, depending on the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, reduced by the allocable amount of amortisable bond premium, subject to the 
discussion below. Interest paid by Rabobank on the Notes and original issue discount (“OID”), if any, 
accrued with respect to the Notes (as described below under “Original issue discount”) generally will 
constitute income from sources outside the United States. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and source of income rules to income 
attributable to the Notes. 
Original issue discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership 
of Notes issued with OID. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a “Short-Term Note”), will be treated as 
issued with OID (a “Discount Note”) if the excess of the Note’s “stated redemption price at maturity” over 
its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption 
price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for 
the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an “instalment obligation”) 
will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity over its 
issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note’s weighted average maturity is the sum of 
the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated 
interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) 
a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note’s 
stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a 
substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than 
bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement 
agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments 
provided by the Note that are not payments of “qualified stated interest”. A qualified stated interest payment 
generally is any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at 
least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or 
a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under “Floating Rate Notes”), applied to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, 
Rabobank will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the 
Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the 
yield on the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method 
before the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in 
income by a U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the 
Discount Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder 
holds the Discount Note (“accrued OID”). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any 
“accrual period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect

--- Page 394 ---
Taxation 
 
394 
to a Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the 
Note as long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest 
or principal on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID 
allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Note’s adjusted issue 
price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note’s yield to maturity (determined on the 
basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual 
period) over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual 
period. The “adjusted issue price” of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue 
price of the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased 
by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest 
payments. 
Acquisition premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all 
amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest but 
in excess of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being “acquisition premium”) and that does not 
make the election described below under “— Election to treat all interest as original issue discount” is 
permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. 
Holder’s adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note’s adjusted issue price, 
and the denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the 
purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note’s adjusted issue price. 
Market discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount 
(a “Market Discount Note”) if the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount 
Note, the Note’s “revised issue price” exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Note 
by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, 
respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note’s maturity (or, in the case of a Note 
that is an instalment obligation, the Note’s weighted average maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to 
cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes “de minimis market discount”. 
For this purpose, the “revised issue price” of a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the 
amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note, and decreased by the amount of any payments previously 
made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the sale or retirement of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on 
a Note that is not qualified stated interest) generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the 
accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note may avoid 
such treatment by electing to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This 
election applies to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or 
after the first day of the first taxable year for which the election is made. This election may not be revoked 
without the consent of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount 
Note that does not elect to include market discount in income currently may be required to defer deductions 
for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount Note. Such interest is deductible 
when paid or incurred to the extent of income from the Note for the year. If the interest expense exceeds 
such income, such excess is currently deductible only to the extent that such excess exceeds the portion 
of the market discount allocable to the days during the taxable year on which such Note was held by the 
U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the 
market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note with 
respect to which it is made and is irrevocable.

--- Page 395 ---
Taxation 
 
395 
Election to treat all interest as original issue discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the 
constant-yield method described above under “— General”, with certain modifications. For purposes of this 
election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market 
discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described below under 
“Notes purchased at a premium”) or acquisition premium. This election generally will apply only to the Note 
with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If the election to 
apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Note, 
the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed above under “— Market 
discount” to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments having market 
discount that are acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates (“Floating Rate Notes”) generally will bear interest 
at a “qualified floating rate” and thus will be treated as “variable rate debt instruments” under Treasury 
regulations governing accrual of OID. A Floating Rate Note will qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument” 
if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments due under the Floating 
Rate Note by equal to or more than a specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, paid 
or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and one 
or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single objective 
rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate and (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that are 
contingent (other than as described in (a) above). 
A “qualified floating rate” is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency 
in which the Floating Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute 
a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable rate equal 
to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 
1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two 
or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values 
throughout the term of the Floating Rate Note (e.g. two or more qualified floating rates with values within 
25 basis points of each other as determined on the Floating Rate Note’s issue date) will be treated as a 
single qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate that would otherwise constitute 
a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical 
limitation (i.e. a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e. a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail 
to be treated as a qualified floating rate. 
An “objective rate” is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a 
single fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g. one or more 
qualified floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as an 
objective rate if it is based on information that is within the control of Rabobank (or a related party) or that 
is unique to the circumstances of Rabobank (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of 
Rabobank’s stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the 
credit quality of Rabobank). Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated 
by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Floating Rate Note will not 
constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first 
half of the Floating Rate Note’s term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than the 
average value of the rate during the final half of the Floating Rate Note’s term. A “qualified inverse floating 
rate” is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate, as long as 
variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the 
qualified floating rate. If a Floating Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period

--- Page 396 ---
Taxation 
 
396 
of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate or an objective rate for 
a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Floating Rate Note’s issue date is intended to 
approximate the fixed rate (e.g. the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the 
value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will 
constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must 
be set at a “current value” of that rate. A “current value” of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is 
no earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year 
following that first day. 
If a Floating Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then any 
stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments 
of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, 
a Floating Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single 
objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” generally 
will not be treated as having been issued with OID unless the Floating Rate Note is issued at a “true” 
discount (i.e. at a price below the Note’s stated principal amount) equal to or in excess of a specified de 
minimis amount. OID on a Floating Rate Note arising from “true” discount is allocated to an accrual period 
using the constant-yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal 
to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, 
of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other 
than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the 
Floating Rate Note. 
In general, any other Floating Rate Note that qualifies as a “variable rate debt instrument” will be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and 
accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Floating Rate Note. Such a Floating Rate Note must be 
converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Floating Rate Note with a fixed rate equal 
to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the 
Floating Rate Note’s issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided 
for under the terms of the Floating Rate Note is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Floating Rate Note. In the case of a Floating Rate Note that qualifies as a 
“variable rate debt instrument” and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or 
more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a 
qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Floating Rate Note provides for a qualified 
inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating 
rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Floating Rate Note as of the 
Floating Rate Note’s issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical 
debt instrument that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather 
than the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified 
inverse floating rate, the Floating Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in 
the manner described above. 
Once the Floating Rate Note is converted into an “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument pursuant 
to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the 
“equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt 
instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Floating Rate Note will account for the OID and qualified stated interest 
as if the U.S. Holder held the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate 
adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued

--- Page 397 ---
Taxation 
 
397 
or paid with respect to the “equivalent” fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ 
from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the Floating Rate Note during the accrual period. 
If a Floating Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference to an 
index, does not qualify as a “variable rate debt instrument”, then the Floating Rate Note will be treated as 
a contingent payment debt obligation. See “Contingent payment debt instruments” below for a discussion 
of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such Notes. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to 
accrue OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the 
interest is received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID 
on Short-Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-yield 
method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include 
OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary 
income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the 
OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not 
required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to defer deductions for 
interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the deferred income 
until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a 
Short-Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder 
may elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to 
the U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to 
all obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the 
first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Fungible issue 
Rabobank may, without the consent of the Noteholders, issue additional Notes with identical terms. 
These additional Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same series as the 
original Notes, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In such a case, among other things, the additional Notes may be considered to have been issued with OID 
even if the original Notes had no OID, or the additional Notes may have a greater amount of OID than the 
original Notes. These differences may affect the market value of the original Notes if the additional Notes 
are not otherwise distinguishable from the original Notes. 
Notes purchased at a premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or, for a 
Discount Note, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as “amortisable bond 
premium”, in which case, the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder’s income each year with 
respect to interest on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable 
(based on the Note’s yield to maturity) to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium shall apply to 
all bonds (other than bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes) held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies 
or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also 
“Original issue discount — Election to treat all interest as original issue discount”.

--- Page 398 ---
Taxation 
 
398 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event or Benchmark Transition Event for Notes Linked to or 
Referencing a Benchmark or Screen Rate 
If a Benchmark Event occurs or, in the case of Notes referencing SOFR, a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date occur, the tax treatment of a U.S. Holder holding 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark or screen rate, including USD LIBOR, EURIBOR, and any 
other IBOR, will depend on whether a replacement of the original reference rate with an alternative 
reference rate is treated as a “significant modification” that results in a deemed exchange of the existing 
Notes for “new” notes. In general, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a significant modification occurs 
if, based on all the facts and circumstances and taking into account all modifications of the debt instrument 
collectively, the legal rights or obligations that are altered and the degree to which they are altered are 
economically significant. A modification is generally any alteration, including any deletion or addition, in 
whole or in part, of a legal right or obligation of the issuer or a holder of a debt instrument. The applicable 
Treasury regulations provide, however, that alterations that occur as a result of the operation of the terms 
of the debt instrument are not considered modifications for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
The terms of the Notes generally provide for replacement of the original reference rate in case of a 
Benchmark Event or (where applicable) a Benchmark Transition Event. Therefore, such replacement, if 
any, should occur as a result of the operation of the terms of the Notes and should not result in a 
modification of the Notes. Although the matter is not entirely free from doubt, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event or (where applicable) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date  is not expected to constitute a modification of the terms of the Notes, and U.S. Holders 
are not expected to recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event or (where applicable) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal 
income tax consequences to them of the replacement of the original reference rate upon occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event or (where applicable) a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date. 
Contingent payment debt instruments 
Certain Series or Tranches of Notes may be treated as “contingent payment debt instruments” for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes (“Contingent Notes”). Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, 
interest on Contingent Notes will be treated as OID, and must be accrued on a constant-yield basis based 
on a yield to maturity that reflects the rate at which the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate non-
exchangeable instrument (the “comparable yield”), in accordance with a projected payment schedule. 
This projected payment schedule must include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Notes and 
an estimated amount for each contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield. 
The Issuer is required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a schedule 
of the projected amounts of payments on Contingent Notes. This schedule must produce the comparable 
yield. The comparable yield and projected payment schedule will be available from the Issuer by submitting 
a written request for such information to Head of Investor Relations, Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the 
Netherlands or e-mail: ir@rabobank.com. 
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF CONTINGENT NOTES FOR U.S. 
FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION OR 
REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS OF THE 
NOTES. 
The use of the comparable yield and the calculation of the projected payment schedule will be based 
upon a number of assumptions and estimates and will not be a prediction, representation or guarantee of 
the actual amounts of interest that may be paid to a U.S. Holder or the actual yield of the Contingent Notes.

--- Page 399 ---
Taxation 
 
399 
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the Issuer, unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly discloses such schedule to the IRS, and explains to the IRS the reason 
for preparing its own schedule. The Issuer’s determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is 
possible that the IRS could conclude that some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule 
should be used instead. 
A U.S. Holder of a Contingent Note generally will be required to include OID in income pursuant to 
the rules discussed in the third paragraph under “Original issue discount — General” above, applied to the 
projected payment schedule. The “adjusted issue price” of a Contingent Note at the beginning of any 
accrual period is the issue price of the Note increased by the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual 
period, and decreased by the projected amount of any payments on the Note. No additional income will be 
recognised upon the receipt of payments of stated interest in amounts equal to the annual payments 
included in the projected payment schedule described above. Any differences between actual payments 
received by the U.S. Holder on the Notes in a taxable year and the projected amount of those payments 
will be accounted for as additional interest (in the case of a positive adjustment) or as an offset to interest 
income in respect of the Note (in the case of a negative adjustment), for the taxable year in which the 
actual payment is made. If the negative adjustment for any taxable year exceeds the amount of OID on 
the Contingent Note for that year, the excess will be treated as an ordinary loss, but only to the extent the 
U.S. Holder’s total OID inclusions on the Contingent Note exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in 
respect of the Contingent Note claimed by the U.S. Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Any 
negative adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried forward to the 
next taxable year, and is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a net positive or 
negative adjustment for that year. However, any negative adjustment that is carried forward to a taxable 
year in which the Contingent Note is sold, exchanged or retired, to the extent not applied to OID accrued 
for such year, reduces the U.S. Holder’s amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement. 
Purchase, sale and retirement of Notes 
Notes other than Contingent Notes 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis 
in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount 
of any OID or market discount included in the U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note and the 
amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the 
U.S. Holder’s income with respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not 
qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce 
interest on the Note. The amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid 
interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to 
the extent described above under “Original issue discount — Market discount” or “Original issue discount 
— Short-Term Notes” or attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss 
recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain 
or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period in the Notes exceeds one year. 
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be U.S. 
source. 
Contingent Notes 
Gain from the sale or retirement of a Contingent Note will be treated as interest income taxable at 
ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. 
Holder’s total interest inclusions to the date of sale or retirement exceed the total net negative adjustments 
that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any further loss will be capital loss. Gain or

--- Page 400 ---
Taxation 
 
400 
loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Contingent Note generally will be foreign 
source. 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Contingent Note generally will be equal to its cost, increased by the 
amount of interest previously accrued with respect to the Note (determined without regard to any positive 
or negative adjustments reflecting the difference between actual payments and projected payments), 
increased or decreased by the amount of any positive or negative adjustment that the Holder is required 
to make to account for the difference between the Holder’s purchase price for the Note and the adjusted 
issue price of the Note at the time of the purchase, and decreased by the amount of any projected 
payments scheduled to be made on the Note to the U.S. Holder through such date (without regard to the 
actual amount paid). 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances (as described above under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes — Meeting of Noteholders, modifications and substitutions”), the obligations 
of Rabobank under the Notes may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange for 
new notes issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be required 
to recognise capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, 
between the issue price of the new notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and the 
U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Notes deemed exchanged therefor. U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect 
to the Notes. 
Foreign currency notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the 
amount of income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. Dollar value of the interest 
payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment 
is in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with 
either of two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average 
exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans 
two taxable years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within each taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued 
on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual 
period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period 
within each taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business 
days of the last day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the 
accrued interest into U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such 
election will apply to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year 
to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the 
consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest 
upon the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
the accrual basis U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary 
income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the

--- Page 401 ---
Taxation 
 
401 
spot rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is 
in fact converted into U.S. Dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. Dollars in 
the same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon 
receipt of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of 
the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on 
the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. Dollars. 
Market discount 
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, 
will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income 
currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the average exchange rate for 
the accrual period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount 
attributable to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss 
(which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest 
or OID. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, 
upon the sale or retirement of the Note, the U.S. Dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot 
rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income (or OID) in units of the foreign 
currency. On the date bond premium offsets interest income (or OID), a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. 
source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount offset multiplied by 
the difference between the spot rate in effect on the date of the offset, and the spot rate in effect on the 
date the Notes were acquired by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium 
(other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a market loss when the Note matures. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID, and the amount, timing, source and character 
of any gain or loss on a Contingent Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency (a “Foreign Currency Contingent Note”). The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent 
Notes are complex, and U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning the application of 
these rules. 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note generally will be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Note is denominated (i) at 
a yield at which the Issuer would issue a fixed rate debt instrument denominated in the same foreign 
currency with terms and conditions similar to those of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, and (ii) in 
accordance with a projected payment schedule determined by the Issuer, under rules similar to those 
described above under “Contingent payment debt instruments”. The amount of OID on a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note that accrues in any accrual period will be the product of the comparable yield of the 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note (adjusted to reflect the length of the accrual period) and the adjusted 
issue price of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. The adjusted issue price of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note generally will be determined under the rules described above, and will be denominated in 
the foreign currency of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note.

--- Page 402 ---
Taxation 
 
402 
OID on a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be translated into U.S. Dollars under translation 
rules similar to those described above under “Foreign currency notes — Interest”. Any positive adjustment 
(i.e. the excess of actual payments over projected payments) in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note for a taxable year will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the taxable 
year in which the adjustment is taken into account or, if earlier, the date on which the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note is disposed of. The amount of any negative adjustment on a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note (i.e. the excess of projected payments over actual payments) that is offset against accrued but unpaid 
OID will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the same rate at which the OID was accrued. To the extent a net 
negative adjustment exceeds the amount of accrued but unpaid OID, the negative adjustment will be 
treated as offsetting OID that has accrued and been paid on the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, and 
will be translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency Contingent Note was 
issued. Any net negative adjustment carry forward will be carried forward in the relevant foreign currency. 
Sale or retirement 
Notes other than Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
As discussed above under “Purchase, sale and retirement of Notes”, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference between the amount 
realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note that is 
denominated in a foreign currency will be determined by reference to the U.S. Dollar cost of the Note. The 
U.S. Dollar cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency generally will be the U.S. Dollar value of the 
purchase price on the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities market, 
as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or 
an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. Dollar 
value of this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established 
securities market, as defined in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder 
(or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale. Such an election by 
an accrual basis U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without 
the consent of the IRS. 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. Dollar values of 
the U.S. Holder’s purchase price for the Note (as adjusted for amortised bond premium, if any) (i) on the 
date of sale or retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such exchange 
rate gain or loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement 
(including any exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest). 
Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note, a U.S. Holder generally 
will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, 
exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, both 
translated into U.S. Dollars as described below. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note will equal (i) the cost thereof (translated into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date of acquisition), 
(ii) increased by the amount of OID previously accrued on the Foreign Currency Contingent Note 
(disregarding any positive or negative adjustments and translated into U.S. Dollars using the exchange 
rate applicable to such OID) and (iii) decreased by the projected amount of all prior payments in respect 
of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. The U.S. Dollar amount of the projected payments described in 
clause (iii) of the preceding sentence is determined by (i) first allocating the payments to the most recently 
accrued OID to which prior amounts have not already been allocated and translating those amounts into 
U.S. Dollars at the rate at which the OID was accrued and (ii) then allocating any remaining amount to

--- Page 403 ---
Taxation 
 
403 
principal and translating such amount into U.S. Dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note was acquired by the U.S. Holder. For this purpose, any accrued OID reduced by a 
negative adjustment carry forward will be treated as principal. 
The amount realised by a U.S. Holder upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note will equal the amount of cash and the fair market value (determined in foreign currency) 
of any property received. If a U.S. Holder holds a Foreign Currency Contingent Note until its scheduled 
maturity, the U.S. Dollar equivalent of the amount realised will be determined by separating such amount 
realised into principal and one or more OID components, based on the principal and OID comprising the 
U.S. Holder’s basis, with the amount realised allocated first to OID (and allocated to the most recently 
accrued amounts first) and any remaining amounts allocated to principal. The U.S. Dollar equivalent of the 
amount realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note 
will be determined in a similar manner, but will first be allocated to principal and then any accrued OID 
(and will be allocated to the earliest accrued amounts first). Each component of the amount realised will 
be translated into U.S. Dollars using the exchange rate used with respect to the corresponding principal or 
accrued OID. The amount of any gain realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be equal to the excess of the amount realised over the holder’s tax 
basis, both expressed in foreign currency, and will be translated into U.S. Dollars using the spot rate on 
the payment date. Gain from the sale or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note generally will 
be treated as interest income taxable at ordinary income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be 
ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. Holder’s total OID inclusions to the date of sale or retirement 
exceed the total net negative adjustments that the U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any 
further loss will be capital loss. Gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Foreign 
Currency Contingent Note generally will be foreign source. Prospective purchasers should consult their 
tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or retirement of Foreign Currency 
Contingent Notes. 
A U.S. Holder will also recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income 
or loss) on the receipt of foreign currency in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note if the exchange 
rate in effect on the date the payment is received differs from the rate applicable to the principal or accrued 
OID to which such payment relates. 
Disposition of foreign currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a 
tax basis equal to its U.S. Dollar value at the time the foreign currency is received. Foreign currency that 
is purchased generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Dollar value of the foreign currency on the 
date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of foreign currency (including 
its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. Dollars) will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. 
Backup withholding and information reporting 
In general, payments of interest and accruals of OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or 
other disposition of, the Notes payable to a U.S. Holder by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary 
will be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup 
withholding will apply to these payments, including payments of OID, if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an 
accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or otherwise fails to comply with 
applicable certification requirements. Certain U.S. Holders are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about these rules and any other reporting obligations that may 
apply to the ownership or disposition of Notes, including requirements related to the holding of certain 
“specified foreign financial assets”.

--- Page 404 ---
Taxation 
 
404 
Reportable transactions 
A U.S. taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” will be required to disclose its 
participation to the IRS. Under the relevant rules, if the Notes are denominated in a foreign currency, a 
U.S. Holder may be required to treat a foreign currency exchange loss from the Notes as a reportable 
transaction if the loss exceeds the relevant threshold in the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations 
(U.S.$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for 
other non-individual U.S. Holders), and to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A 
penalty not exceeding U.S.$10,000 in the case of a natural person and U.S.$50,000 in all other cases 
generally is imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely file an information return with the IRS with respect 
to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable transaction. Prospective purchasers are 
urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of these rules. 
FATCA Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial 
institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign 
financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands, Australia and 
New Zealand) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Under certain 
proposed regulations, even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply to “foreign passthru 
payments” prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Taxpayers generally may rely on these 
proposed regulations until final regulations are issued. No such final regulations have been issued so far. 
Notes characterised as debt that have a fixed term and are not treated as equity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes – Further Issues”, “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes – Further Issues” and “Terms and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated Notes – Further 
Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA after the two-year period specified in 
the proposed regulations discussed above, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes.

--- Page 405 ---
ERISA Considerations 
 
405 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes are generally eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and/or the prohibited transaction rules of section 4975 of the 
Code (collectively, the “Plans”) and by governmental or church plans or non-U.S. employee benefit plans 
that are subject to federal, state or local laws of the United States or non-U.S. laws that are substantially 
similar to such provisions of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code (“Similar Law”), subject to consideration 
of the issues described in this section.  
Section 406 of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets 
of a Plan and any fiduciary, service provider or other person having certain relationships to such Plan (each 
is referred to as a party in interest or disqualified person), unless a statutory or administrative exemption 
applies to the transaction. A party in interest or disqualified person, including a Plan fiduciary, who engages 
in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities 
under ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. 
The Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by any Final Terms may be parties in interest or disqualified persons with respect to many 
Plans from time to time. Prohibited transactions under ERISA or section 4975 of the Code may arise if any 
of the Notes are acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Dealers 
or any other party to such transactions is a party in interest or a disqualified person. The Notes should not 
be acquired or held by any such Plan unless an exemption from such prohibited transaction rules applies, 
or by any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law unless the acquisition, holding and 
disposition of a Note will not result in any violation of Similar Law. 
Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and section 4975 of the 
Code may apply, depending in part on the Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the 
circumstances under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions are section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to a transaction in which a Plan pays 
no more and receives no less than adequate consideration and involving a party in interest solely by reason 
of services provided to the Plan and neither it nor any of its affiliates is acting as a fiduciary with respect to 
assets involved in the transaction), Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to 
investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a 
qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company 
general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) 
and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by in-house asset managers). There are no 
assurances that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any 
particular transaction involving any Notes. 
Governmental plans (as defined in section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
section 3(33) of ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject 
to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of section 406 of 
ERISA and section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Law. Fiduciaries of any such 
plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing the Notes to determine the need for, if necessary, 
and the availability of, any exceptive relief under any Similar Law. 
The U.S. Department of Labor has promulgated a regulation, 29 C.F.R. section 2510.3-101, as 
modified by section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”) describing what constitutes the assets 
of a Plan for purposes of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. Under the Plan Asset Regulation, if a Plan 
invests in an equity interest of an entity, the Plan’s assets include both the equity interest and an undivided 
interest in each of the entity’s underlying assets, unless the Issuer qualifies as an “operating company” or 
another exception described in the Plan Asset Regulation applies. An “operating company” is a company

--- Page 406 ---
ERISA Considerations 
 
406 
that is primarily engaged in the production or sale of a product or service (other than the investment of 
capital) directly or through one or more majority-owned subsidiaries. Further, a security which is in the form 
of debt may be considered an equity interest under the Plan Asset Regulation if it has substantial equity 
features. If any of the Notes have substantial equity features and the Issuer was deemed under the Plan 
Asset Regulation to hold plan assets by reason of a Plan’s investment in such Notes, the Issuer and an 
undivided interest in its underlying assets would be subject to the fiduciary standards of ERISA and the 
prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and section 4975 of the Code. While there is little pertinent authority 
in this area and no assurance can be given, the Issuer believes that the Notes should not be treated as 
equity interests for the purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation and the Issuer currently qualifies as an 
operating company. 
Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or any other party to the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by any Final Terms has its own interests in the offering and sale of Notes and 
related transactions, which differ from the interests of any Plan or other plan subject to Similar Law 
considering the acquisition or holding of Notes, and such interests generally are disclosed in this Base 
Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and related documents. Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or other 
transaction parties, as well as their respective directors, officers, employees or agents are not authorised 
to, have not provided and do not undertake to provide any investment advice or to give advice in any 
fiduciary capacity to any Plan or any fiduciary, representative or agent thereof. Plans and their independent 
fiduciaries shall be deemed to represent and warrant that they are represented in the acquisition, holding 
and transfer or other disposition of Notes by such an independent fiduciary and such independent fiduciary 
has the qualifications and authority to act on behalf of such Plan. 
Each fiduciary who is responsible for making the investment decisions whether to purchase or 
commit to purchase and to hold any of the Notes with assets of any Plan or any governmental, church or 
non-U.S. plan should consult with its counsel to confirm that such investment will not result in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code or Similar Law. 
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of any Note will be deemed by such purchase or 
acquisition of any such Note to have represented and warranted, on each day from the date on which the 
purchaser or transferee acquires such Note through to and including the date on which the purchaser or 
transferee disposes of such Note, either that (a) it is not a Plan or an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of any such Plan for purposes of ERISA or the Code (each of the foregoing, a “Benefit Plan 
Investor”), or a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law, or (b)(i) its acquisition, 
holding and disposition of such Note will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under section 406 of ERISA or section 4975 of the Code, or a violation of any Similar Law, and (ii) if it is a 
Benefit Plan Investor, (A) it is represented by an independent fiduciary that has the authority to act on 
behalf of the Benefit Plan Investor as to the acquisition, holding and disposition of the Notes; (B) none of 
the Issuer, the Dealers or other transaction parties contemplated in the Base Prospectus or their respective 
officers, employees or agents has provided, and none of them will provide, investment advice and they are 
not giving any advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the purchaser or transferee's acquisition or 
holding of the Notes and (C) has received and understands the disclosure of the existence and nature of 
the financial interests contained in the Base Prospectus and related materials. 
The sale of any Notes to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Dealers or any other party to the transactions that such an investment is appropriate and meets all 
relevant legal requirements for investment by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or any governmental, 
church or non-U.S. plan.

--- Page 407 ---
Transfer restrictions 
 
407 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS  
Rule 144A Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes within the United States pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, (b) acquiring such 
Notes for its own account or for the account of a qualified institutional buyer and (c) aware, 
and each beneficial owner of such Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Notes to it 
is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance 
with Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is 
a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for its own account or for the account of a qualified 
institutional buyer, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case, in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with applicable law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO 
REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES OF THIS NOTE. 
(4) 
Rabobank, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is 
acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers, it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full 
power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf 
of each such account. 
(5) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by one or 
more Restricted Global Certificates. Before any interest in a Restricted Global Certificate may 
be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer

--- Page 408 ---
Transfer restrictions 
 
408 
Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(6) 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus, or disclosure of any of its contents to any person other 
than such purchaser and those persons, if any, retained to advise such purchaser with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised, and any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Regulation S Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent 
purchaser of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (as used in 
“Plan of Distribution”), by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to 
have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it 
is not a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of 
Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such 
an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and that, prior to the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period, it will not 
offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes except in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, or in the case of Notes issued by 
Rabobank, in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it and any 
person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is a qualified institutional buyer purchasing for 
its own account or the account of a qualified institutional buyer in each case in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance 
with applicable law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES (TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) EXCEPT PURSUANT 
TO A REGISTRATION UNDER OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. THIS LEGEND SHALL BE REMOVED AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF 
40 DAYS FROM THE LATER OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE OFFERING OF THE 
NOTES AND THE CLOSING DATE OF SUCH OFFERING. 
(4) 
The Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth 
and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S may be represented by one 
or more Unrestricted Global Certificates. Prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance 
period, before any interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate representing Notes issued by 
Rabobank may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes 
delivery in the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate, it will be required to

--- Page 409 ---
Transfer restrictions 
 
409 
provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency 
Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws.

--- Page 410 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
410 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION  
Summary of Distribution Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated Distribution 
Agreement dated 12 May 2021 (the “Distribution Agreement”) as further amended or supplemented at 
the Issue Date, between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers (as defined in the Distribution Agreement) and 
the Arranger, the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting 
as agents of the Issuer. The Distribution Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Non-Exempt PR Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers in respect of each issue of Notes against certain 
liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of such Notes, including liability under the Securities Act, 
and to contribute for payments that such Dealers may be required to make in respect thereof. The 
Distribution Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to purchase Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling restrictions  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will, in the case of Exempt Notes 
only, be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms, in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has 
in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or

--- Page 411 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
411 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:

--- Page 412 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
412 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Australia 
This Base Prospectus has not and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia) in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been or will be or 
is required to be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”) or the ASX 
Limited (“ASX”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and unless the relevant Final Terms or 
supplement to this Base Prospectus otherwise provides, in connection with the primary distribution of the 
Notes, it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of the Notes in Australia (including an offer or 
invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes in Australia, 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least AUD 500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternate currency, in either case disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) 
or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or 
Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia and complies with the terms of any authority 
granted under the Banking Act 1959 of Australia, (ii) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a 
“retail client” as defined for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia, 
(iii) such action complied with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia and (iv) such action 
does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX. 
Belgium 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold or otherwise 
made available and it that will not offer or sell or otherwise make available the Notes to consumers 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
Canada  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or 
any province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the 
benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable securities laws of any province 
or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has agreed that it will offer, sell or distribute the Notes only pursuant 
to an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus in the province or territory of Canada in which

--- Page 413 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
413 
such offer, sale or distribution is made. Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that it has not and 
will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material in connection with any 
offering of Notes, in Canada other than in compliance with applicable securities laws.  
The Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
Offers to the public in France non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period 
beginning on the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) of the 
approval of the prospectus relating to those Notes by the competent authority of a member 
state of the European Economic Area , other than the AMF, and ending at the latest on the 
date which is 12 months after the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; 
or 
(b) 
Offers addressed solely to qualified investors in France: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes  in France 
to, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to 
be distributed in France this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) other than (i) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have 
in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
“professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption

--- Page 414 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
414 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive bearer form and other Notes in definitive bearer form on which 
interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the “SCA”) 
may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through 
the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the 
provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No such 
mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such securities to the first holders thereof, 
(ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or business, 
and (iii) the issue and trading of such securities if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and 
are not distributed in the Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.  
New Zealand 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, lodged as a product disclosure statement under 
the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the “Act”). Accordingly, the Notes must not be 
offered to any person or entity in New Zealand in breach of that Act. Without limitation, no person may 
(directly or indirectly) offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy, or sell 
the Notes, or distribute this Base Prospectus or any other advertisement or offering material relating to the 
Notes in New Zealand, or to any resident of New Zealand, except that the Notes may be offered: 
(a) 
to persons or entities who are wholesale investors as defined in clauses 3(2) or 3(3)(b)(iii) of 
Schedule 1 of the Act; or 
(b) 
otherwise as permitted under the Act and any other applicable laws.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time) (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned 
by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 415 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
415 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) 
of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Spain  
This Base Prospectus has not been registered in the administrative registries of the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the “CNMV”). Accordingly, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes may not be offered, sold or re-sold in Spain except 
in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Spain within the meaning of article 
35 of the Restated Spanish Securities Market Act approved by Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 
October 2015 (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido 
de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) and supplemental rules enacted thereunder, or pursuant to an 
exemption from registration set out in article 41 of Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November, as amended 
and restated, and any regulation issued thereunder. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes. Except as described in the immediately succeeding paragraphs, the Notes may not be publicly 
offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the “FinSA” ) and no application has or will be made to admit 
the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made available, in each case, in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is 
understood pursuant to the FinSA. No key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) according to the 
FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been prepared in relation to the Notes, and, 
therefore, Notes may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in 
Switzerland. 
In respect of any Tranche of Notes that will be publicly offered in or from Switzerland and/or for which 
an application will be made to admit such Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland, including by a listing according to the Standard for Bonds (or any successor 
standard) on the SIX Swiss Exchange: 
(a) 
the relevant Dealers will (i) agree to offer and sell such Notes in accordance with the FinSA, 
(ii) agree to comply with the applicable FinSA requirements regarding the application for 
admission to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland and (iii) in the case of any such Notes 
to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, agree to comply with the applicable listing 
procedures of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange; and

--- Page 416 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
416 
(b) 
the Issuer will (i) prepare and distribute a prospectus in accordance with the FinSA, and (ii) 
in the case of any such Notes to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, comply with the 
applicable listing procedures and the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange.  
In respect of any Tranche of Notes that qualify as derivative debt instruments within the meaning of 
the FinSA and article 86(2) of the Financial Services Ordinance of 6 November 2019 and that will be offered 
or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland, the Issuer will prepare 
a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) according to the FinSA or any equivalent document 
under the FinSA.   
Taiwan 
Subject to the paragraph below, the offering of the Notes has not been and will not be registered 
with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations 
and may not be offered or sold in Taiwan through public offering or in circumstances which constitute an 
offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a registration or 
approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. No person or entity in Taiwan has been 
authorised to offer or sell the Notes in Taiwan. 
As to the Notes to be listed on the Taipei Exchange in Taiwan pursuant to the Taipei Exchange 
Rules Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds, the above selling 
restriction is not applicable and the following selling restriction shall apply instead: the Notes have not 
been, and shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly, to investors other than “professional 
institutional investors” as defined under Paragraph 2 of Article 4 of the Financial Consumer Protection Act 
of Taiwan as amended from time to time. Purchasers of the Notes are not permitted to sell or otherwise 
dispose of the Notes except by transfer to a professional institutional investor as mentioned above. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Distribution Agreement, 
it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Bearer Notes, deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such 
Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, by the Fiscal Agent within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and only in accordance with Rule 903 of

--- Page 417 ---
Plan of Distribution 
 
417 
Regulation S or (in the case of Notes issued by Rabobank) Rule 144A. Each Dealer has further agreed 
that it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes (other than a sale of Notes issued by Rabobank 
pursuant to Rule 144A) during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of an offering of Notes, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Notes) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. The Distribution Agreement provides that, with respect to Restricted Notes only, the Dealers 
may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of 
Notes issued by Rabobank within the United States only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 
144A. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes outside the United States and for the resale of the Notes in the United States. The Issuer and 
the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, 
other than, with respect to Restricted Notes only, any qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of 
Rule 144A to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States or by any qualified 
institutional buyer in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, 
other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. 
person or qualified institutional buyer with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the 
prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the 
United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, retained to advise such 
non-U.S. person or qualified institutional buyer, is prohibited. 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes that has not been registered under the Securities Act is hereby 
notified that the offer and sale of such Restricted Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. Each purchaser of 
Restricted Notes pursuant to Rule 144A, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to 
have represented and agreed that it is a qualified institutional buyer, that it is aware that the sale to it is 
being made in reliance on Rule 144A and that it is acquiring the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of a qualified institutional buyer. See “Transfer Restrictions”.

--- Page 418 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
418 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PR NOTES (OTHER THAN NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES)1 
FINAL TERMS 
 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
EUR 160,000,000,000 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[●] Notes [year of issue] due [●]2 (the “Notes”) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer/Manager(s)] 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
 
1 Denominations must be at least €100,000 or equivalent in other currency and admitted to listing or trading on a Regulated Market. 
2 For Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes, insert relevant month and year only, not the date within the month of 
maturity.

--- Page 419 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
419 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”]/[MiFID II]); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended form time to time, the “SFA”) and 
 
3 Legend to be included only in the case where ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’ is marked ‘Applicable’.

--- Page 420 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
420 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the Supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [●]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, Rabobank at 
Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the principal office of the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.bourse.lu. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] (the “Conditions”), which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [●]] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be 
obtained from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the principal office of 
the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.bourse.lu.]5 
[THE NOTES REFERRED TO HEREIN THAT ARE REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE 
 
4 For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.   
5 This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an offering 
circular/base prospectus with an earlier date.

--- Page 421 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
421 
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL CERTIFICATE]6 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Consider whether a drawdown prospectus is necessary in order to issue fungible Notes where the 
first Tranche was issued pursuant to a previous Base Prospectus/Offering Circular. This could arise in 
circumstances where, for example, the Final Terms for the original tranche included information which is 
no longer permitted to be included in Final Terms under the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to guidance 
issued by ESMA.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.7 
 
 
Coöperatieve 
Rabobank 
U.A. 
Australia 
Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[(insert description of the Series)] (the 
“Existing Notes”) on [(insert date)/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [27] below 
[which is expected to occur on or about 
[(insert date)]]]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount  
[plus accrued interest in respect of the period 
 
6 Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Notes which are Senior Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to Rule 
144A.  
7 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Senior Preferred Notes in NGN form, Senior Preferred Notes denominated in 
Sterling, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 422 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
422 
from, and including, [(insert date)/the Interest 
Commencement Date] to, but excluding, 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date] 
(if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations:8 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
 
[As specified in Condition 1][[●] (specify if 
other than the Issue Date)]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date (or indicate if Notes are 
perpetual) or (for Floating Rate Notes) [The 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [●]] (insert the relevant month and 
year) 
 
 
(N.B. it will be necessary to use the 
alternative text for Renminbi denominated 
Fixed Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification) 
9
Interest Basis:9 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and 
every [●] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate 
Reset]10 
 
 
[[(specify applicable rate)] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CMS Linked] 
 
 
[Variable Rate] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10
Change of Interest Basis:11 
[Not Applicable][Applicable.  
Further particulars specified below.] 
(If applicable, complete further detail in 
“Variable Rate Note” below.) 
 
8 Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000]”. Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 or equivalent should use “Form 
of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes”. 
9 Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may only be issued on a Fixed Rate, Fixed Rate Reset or Floating 
Rate basis. Senior Preferred Notes may not be issued on a Fixed Rate Reset basis. 
10 Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes Only.  
11 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 423 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
423 
11
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of 
their nominal amount 
12
Alternative Currency Equivalent:12 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent:13 
[●] 
 
(iii) Alternative Currency Calculation Agent:14 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[●] Business Days 
13
Put/Call Options/Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Put Option]15 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption]16 
 
 
[Further particulars specified below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred 
– 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes 
shall apply/Non-Preferred Senior – the 
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes shall apply/Dated Subordinated 
– the Terms and Conditions of the Dated 
Subordinated Notes shall apply] 
 
(ii) 
Domestic Note (if Domestic Note, there will 
be no gross-up for withholding tax):17 
[No/Yes][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
12 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
13 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Adjudication Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
14 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Calculation Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
15 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
16 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
17 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 424 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
424 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Non-
Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated 
Note will apply if an Interest Payment Date 
falls on a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, 
the Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payment 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency 
deposits) in Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [except in 
respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification)

--- Page 425 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
425 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 
[15(v)]) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable — Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] (Only applicable where 
Notes 
are 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi, 
otherwise delete this item) 
16
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions18 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]] [until and excluding [●]] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
 
18 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 426 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
426 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert 
final Interest Payment Date)]] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Non-
Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
or 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes (as applicable) will apply 
if an Interest Payment Date falls on a non-
business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, 
the Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payment 
and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency 
deposits) in Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Anniversary Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Reset Rate: 
[[Semi-annual][Annualised]Mid-Swap Rate] 
[Reference Bond Rate] 
 
(viii) Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/ 
[ICESWAP4]/[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/[●]/[
Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Fixed Leg: 
[[Semi-annual]/[Annual] calculated on a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[●] 
day 
count 
basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Floating Leg: 
[[3]/[6]/[●]-month 
[USD 
LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[CNH 
HIBOR] 
rate

--- Page 427 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
427 
calculated on an [Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[●] 
day count basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(xiv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
NL/365; Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond 
Basis; 30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 
(ISDA); Actual/Actual-ICMA, RBA Bond 
Basis / Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(xvi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 13(v)) 
 
(xvii) Party responsible for calculating the Rates of 
Interest and Interest Amounts: 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business

--- Page 428 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
428 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert 
final interest payment date)]] [See Linear 
Interpolation below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
interest 
determination) 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/(Insert details if interest will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) of the Senior Preferred Notes or 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) of the Non-Preferred 
Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes) 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vii) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/Condition [●] shall apply] 
(Specify the Condition which sets out the 
applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s))

--- Page 429 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
429 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) – (E) of the 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
and 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
  
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first 
day in each [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location of Reference Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period (being 
no less than 5 London Banking Days, 
TARGET Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) of 
the Senior Preferred Notes and Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A) of each of the Non-Preferred 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 430 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
430 
Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated 
Notes): 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
 
 
 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xvi) Gearing Factor: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
 
(xvii) Previous Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.] 
18
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions19 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
 
19 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 431 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
431 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment 
date)], subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(iii) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert 
final interest payment date)]] [See Linear 
Interpolation below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[INV(1)][INV(2)][INV(3)][INV(4)][INV(5)][INV(
6)] [INV(7)][INV(8)] 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(viii) Inverse Rate: 
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first 
day in [each Interest Accrual Period]/[each 
Interest Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day falling the Relevant Number

--- Page 432 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
432 
of Index Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location of Reference 
Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●]  
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(x) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
 
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis;

--- Page 433 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
433 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xiv) Gearing Factor: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv)  Previous Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Period 
commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date, the Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.]  
19
Range Accrual Note Provisions20 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] [See Linear Interpolation 
below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
 
20 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 434 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
434 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[RAN(1)][RAN(2)][RAN(3)][RAN(4)][RAN(5)] 
 
(vii) Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual 
Condition2 and/or Range Accrual Condition3: 
[●] [Specify applicable Range Accrual 
Condition from Condition 5(d)] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) Applicable Rate(s): 
[(Specify absolute value (If applicable))] [The 
mathematical [difference between][sum of]] 
(specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location 
of 
Reference 
Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 435 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
435 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(x) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xi) Accrual Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xiv) Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xv) Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] 
 
(xviii) Minimum Rate of Interest1: 
[●]  
 
(xix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xx)  Maximum Rate of Interest1: 
[●]  
 
(xxi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xxii) Business Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[The Business Centre 
shall be [●]]

--- Page 436 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
436 
 
(xxiii) [[FX Rate(s): 
[●]]21 
 
(xxiv) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxvi) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(xxvii) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
 
(xxix) Valuation Time: 
[●]] 
20
Zero Coupon Note Provisions22 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(b)): 
[●] per cent. per annum, compounded 
[quarterly]/[semi-annually]/[annually] 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
21
CMS Linked Note Provisions23 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable  
 
21 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if Accrual Rate is not an FX Rate  
22 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
23 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 437 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
437 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the 
period [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the 
Maturity Date] [See Linear Interpolation 
below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[CMS(1)][CMS(2)][CMS(3)][CMS(4)] 
[CMS(5)][CMS(6)][CMS(7)][CMS(8)] 
[CMS(9)][CMS(10)][CMS(11)][CMS(12)] 
[CMS(13)][CMS(14)][CMS(15)][CMS(16)] 
[CMS(17)][CMS(18)][CMS(19)][CMSRA(1)] 
[CMSRA(2)][CMSRA(3)][CMSRA(4)] 
[CMSRA(5)] (If applicable, specify which 
formula is applicable in respect of different 
Interest Periods) 
 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(viii) CMS Rate: 
(Repeat sub-paragraph (i) to (iii) below for 
each of CMS Rate1, CMS Rate2 or CMS 
Rate3 where they apply. If the CMS Rate is 
determined by reference to another CMS 
formula, replicate such of the details below 
necessary to calculate such formula.)  
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below:  
 
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest

--- Page 438 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
438 
Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location 
of 
Reference 
Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(b) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Accrual Range: 
[●] 
(xi) Accrual Rate: 
[●] 
 
(xii) Applicable Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 439 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
439 
 
(xiii) Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xiv) Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
 
(xv) Gearing Factor, Gearing Factor1, Gearing 
Factor2, Gearing Factor3, Gearing Factor4 
and/or Gearing Factor5: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest1 
and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
 
(xix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xx) Maximum Rate of Interest1 and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
 
(xxi) Power: 
[●] 
 
(xxii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(xxiii) 
[FX Rate(s): 
[●]]24 
 
(xxiv) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(xxvi) 
FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(xxvii) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
 
(xxix) 
Valuation Time: 
[●]]25 
22
Variable Rate Note Provisions26 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Variation Notice: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[Minimum notice period if other than 5 
Business Days: 
[●]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
(ii) 
Variation Date[s]: 
[●]  
 
(iii) Initial Rate of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraph 16, 17, 18, 
19, 20 or 21, as applicable.) 
 
24 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if FX Rate is not applicable 
25 FX Rate provisions to be included where the Accrual Rate is calculated based upon one or more FX Rates  
26 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 440 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
440 
 
(iv) Varied Rate[s] of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraphs 16, 17, 18, 
19, 20 or 21, as applicable, specifying which 
Variation Date to which the Varied Rate of 
Interest relates.) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Senior Preferred Notes: 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
[6(d)(iii)]/[6(b)] shall apply] [[●] (insert other 
provisions)] 
– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]27 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
– 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
and 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes: 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
[6(c)]/[6(e)] shall apply] [[●] (insert other 
provisions)] 
– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]28 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
 
        – 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(iii) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
24
Put Option29 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
27 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable  
28 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable  
29 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 441 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
441 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply] [[●] (insert other provisions)] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[The holder shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]  
25
Automatic Early Redemption30 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[Condition [6(b)(iii)] shall apply]/[The notice 
period referred to in Condition 6(b)(iii) shall 
be [●] [days/Business Days]] 
26
Regulatory Call31 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
27
MREL Disqualification Event Call32 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
28
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable per 
Calculation Amount on redemption:  
Senior Preferred Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event of default 
(Condition 13); or (b) for illegality (Condition 6(f)); 
or (c) for taxation reasons (Condition 6(c)):  
Non-Preferred Senior Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a MREL Disqualification 
Event (Condition 6(e)): 
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a Regulatory Call 
(Condition 6(e)): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] 
29
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
30
Substitution and Variation33 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
30 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
31 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes.  
32 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
33 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 442 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
442 
31
Alignment Event34 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
32
Form of Notes 
[Bearer 
Notes/[Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes]35/Registered Notes]  
 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 
days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Tranche of which such Note is a part 
nor later than 40 days prior to the first 
anniversary of the Issue Date (i.e. [●]) which 
is exchangeable for Definitive Notes at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Note is a part nor later 
than 40 days prior to the first anniversary of 
the Issue Date (i.e. [●])]36 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]11 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the restricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Rule 144A)]37 
 
 
[Unrestricted] Global Certificate [registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg] [a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(that is, held under the NSS)] exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the unrestricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Regulation S)] 
 
34 [Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.] 
35 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
36 The exchange at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note/Certificate. 
37 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate.

--- Page 443 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
443 
 
 
[AMTN Global Certificate [registered in the 
name of Austraclear] that is held by the 
Australian Fiscal Agent.] 
33
New Global Notes:38 
[Yes/No] 
34
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 10(h) of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Condition 7(i) of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated 
Notes): 
Not Applicable / [Condition 10(h)(i)[(A)/(B)] of 
the Senior Preferred Notes] or [Condition 
7(i)(i)[(A)/(B)] of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes] 
applies. [Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraphs 16(iv), 17(iv), 18(iv) and 20(iv) 
relate] 
35
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
36
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary].  
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof,[[administrator 
legal name], as administrator of [specify 
benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is / are] 
not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]   
 
38 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form or in the form of Registered Notes to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 444 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
444 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue 
of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
of Rabobank.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information on the underlying has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
[SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE STATEMENT (N.B. only to be included in 
case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has been no significant change in 
the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group and there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Rabobank Group since [insert date of latest 
annual or interim financial statements].] 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised representative to lodge the listing application for the Notes with 
SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 445 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
445 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Amsterdam/Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/Other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [●] with effect from 
[●]/No application for admission to trading 
has been made].39  
[Application for definitive listing on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable thereafter and (if granted) will 
only be granted after the Issue Date. The 
last day of trading on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange will be [date]/[the second SIX 
Exchange Business Day prior to the Maturity 
Date. “SIX Exchange Business Day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the SIX Swiss Exchange 
is open for general business].]40 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(iv) In the case of Notes listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(b) 
Amsterdam Paying Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
2 Ratings 
 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][/][are
expected to be] rated:] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating. A brief explanation of the 
rating(s) assigned by each rating agency 
should be given] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch Australia: [●]] [Credit ratings are for 
distribution only to a person in Australia who 
 
39 Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading. 
40 Where the Notes are to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the expected last day of trading must be indicated.

--- Page 446 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
446 
is not a ‘retail client’ within the meaning of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia and is also a sophisticated 
investor, professional investor or other 
investor in respect of whom disclosure is not 
required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia. 
Anyone in Australia who is not such a 
person is not entitled to receive these Final 
Terms or the Base Prospectus and anyone 
who receives these Final Terms or the Base 
Prospectus must not distribute them to any 
person in Australia who is not entitled to 
receive them.]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(the above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)  
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, 
as applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU 
and (ii) registered under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, 
(ii) not registered under the CRA 
Regulation; but (iii) has applied for 
registration: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EU and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
although notification of the registration 
decision has not yet been provided. 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the 
EU; 
and 
(ii) 
has 
not 
applied 
for 
registration is not registered under the 
CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established

--- Page 447 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
447 
in the EU and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/ 2009. 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the 
EU but the relevant rating is endorsed by 
a 
CRA 
which 
is 
established 
and 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the 
EU and the relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation, but 
the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in 
the EU nor certified under the CRA 
Regulation and the relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EU and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
3 Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:)] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and 
[their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
4 Reasons for the offer and estimated net proceeds: 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in 
Base Prospectus]/[specify green

--- Page 448 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
448 
 
 
 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
bond/social bond/sustainability bond 
use of proceeds]/[●]  
 
(If reasons for offer different 
from making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those 
reasons here.)] 
[●] 
5 Yield (Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Reset Notes 
only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It 
is NOT an indication of future yield. 
6 Historic interest rates (Floating Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Details of the past and further performance of [USD LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/GBP-ISDA-Swap 
Rate/EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR/EONIA/STIBOR/CNH HIBOR/EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-Swap 
Rate/JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate/USD-ISDA-Swap Rate/other] can be obtained from [●] [free of 
charge/for a fee]. 
7 Operational information 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:41 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs42 as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
notes)] 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day 
credit 
operations 
by 
the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in 
 
41 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form. 
42 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.).

--- Page 449 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
449 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered notes)]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iv) German WKN-code: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(v) Private Placement number: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(vi) CUSIP Number:43 
[●] 
(vii) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and 
number(s))] 
(viii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying/Delivery Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
(x) Names (and addresses) of Calculation Agent(s):44 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom]/[●] 
8 Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
43 Applicable to Restricted Global Certificates. Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate.  
44 Separate Calculation Agency Agreement needed if the Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates or Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch.

--- Page 450 ---
Form of Final Terms – PR Notes (Other than Non-Exempt PR Notes) 
 
450 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●](give names)] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
 
 
[If the sole Dealer in respect of Notes 
issued by Rabobank is Rabobank (in 
its capacity as Dealer), such Dealer will 
not subscribe for the Notes, but will act 
as agent for the placement of Notes. 
Such Notes will be deemed to be 
issued at the time when the Notes are 
transferred from the Dealer to the 
subscriber and the Dealer receives 
funds from the subscriber on behalf of 
Rabobank] 
(v) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C /TEFRA D /Not Applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 451 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
451 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – EXEMPT NOTES1 
FINAL TERMS 
 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
EUR 160,000,000,000 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[●] Notes [year of issue] due [●]2 (the “Notes”) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer/Manager(s)] 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
 
1 Denominations must be at least €100,000 or equivalent in other currency and no admittance to listing or trading on a Regulated 
Market.  
2 For Floating Rate Notes and Inverse Floating Rate Notes, insert relevant month and year only, not the date within the month of 
maturity.

--- Page 452 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
452 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”]/[MiFID II]); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
 
3 Legend to be included only in the case where ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’ is marked ‘Applicable’.

--- Page 453 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
453 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended form time to time, the “SFA”) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]4 
 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the Supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [●]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus to obtain all the 
relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the 
Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [(collectively, the “Documentation”)]5. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
at, and copies may be obtained from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and 
the principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.bourse.lu. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] (the “Conditions”), which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [●]] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the 
Conditions [(collectively, the “Documentation”)] 6. The Notes will be issued on the terms of these Final 
Terms read together with the Base Prospectus and the Conditions. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at, and copies may be obtained from Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the 
Netherlands and the principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.bourse.lu.]7 
[THE NOTES REFERRED TO HEREIN THAT ARE REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
 
4 For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.   
5 To be included in the case of Notes listed on the Taipei Exchange.  
6 To be included in the case of Notes listed on the Taipei Exchange.  
7 This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an offering 
circular/base prospectus with an earlier date.

--- Page 454 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
454 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE 
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL CERTIFICATE]8 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.9 
 
 
Coöperatieve 
Rabobank 
U.A. 
Australia 
Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[(insert description of the Series)] (the 
“Existing Notes”) on [(insert date)/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [36] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [(insert date)]]]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
[plus accrued interest in respect of the period 
from, and including, [(insert date)/the Interest 
Commencement Date] to, but excluding, 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date] 
(if applicable)] 
 
8 Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A.  
9 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Senior Preferred Notes in NGN form, Senior Preferred Notes denominated in 
Sterling, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 455 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
455 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations:10 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(iii) Issue Date: 
[●] 
(iv) Interest Commencement Date: 
[As specified in Condition 1][[●] (specify if 
other than the Issue Date)]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date (or indicate if Notes are 
perpetual) or (for Floating Rate Notes) [The 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [●]] (insert the relevant month and 
year) 
 
 
(N.B. it will be necessary to use the alternative 
text for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
9
Interest Basis:11 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and 
every [●] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate 
Reset]12 
 
 
[[(specify applicable rate)] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CMS Linked] 
 
 
[Variable Rate] 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
 
[FX Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their 
nominal amount /The Final Redemption 
Amount shall be determined as provided 
below] 
 
12 Where multiple denominations above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000]”. Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 or equivalent should use “Form 
of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes”. 
11 Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes may only be issued on a Fixed Rate, Fixed Rate Reset or Floating 
Rate basis. Senior Preferred Notes may not be issued on a Fixed Rate Reset basis.  
12 Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes Only.

--- Page 456 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
456 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[FX Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Interest Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Dual Currency] 
 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
 
[Instalment] 
 
 
[Protection Amount] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
 
[The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined as provided below.] 
11
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis:13 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]  
[Further particulars specified below.] 
(If applicable, complete further detail in 
“Variable Rate Note” below.) 
12
Alternative Currency Equivalent:14 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent:15 
[●] 
 
(iii) Alternative Currency Calculation Agent:16 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[●] Business Days  
13
Put/Call Options/Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Put Option]17 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Automatic Early Redemption]18 
 
 
[Further particulars specified below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred – the Terms and Conditions 
of 
the 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
shall 
apply/Non-Preferred Senior – the Terms and 
Conditions of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
shall apply/Dated Subordinated – the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dated Subordinated 
Notes shall apply] 
 
13 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
14 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
15 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Adjudication Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
16 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Calculation Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
17 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
18 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 457 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
457 
 
(ii) 
Domestic Note (if Domestic Note, there will 
be no gross-up for withholding tax):19 
[No/Yes] 
 
(iii) Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 7(i) of the Non-Preferred 
Senior and Dated Subordinated Note will 
apply if an Interest Payment Date falls on a 
non-business day) 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
 
19 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 458 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
458 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payment and are 
open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [except in respect 
of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] Coupon]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 
[15(v)]) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable — Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] (Only applicable where 
Notes 
are 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi, 
otherwise delete this item) 
 
(viii) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Not Applicable/(give details)]

--- Page 459 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
459 
16
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions20 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]] [until and excluding [●]] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert final 
Interest Payment Date)]] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 7(i) will apply if an Interest 
Payment Date falls on a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payment and are 
open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Anniversary Date(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Reset Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
20 Not applicable for Senior Preferred Notes.

--- Page 460 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
460 
 
(vii) Reset Rate: 
[[Semi-annual][Annualised]Mid-Swap Rate] 
[Reference Bond Rate] 
 
(viii) Swap Rate Period: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Screen Page: 
[ICESWAP1]/[ICESWAP2]/[ICESWAP3]/ 
[ICESWAP4]/[ICESWAP5]/[ICESWAP6]/[●]/[
Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Fixed Leg: 
[[Semi-annual]/[Annual] calculated on a[n 
Actual/365]/[30/360]/[●] day count basis]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) Floating Leg: 
[[3]/[6]/[●]-month 
[USD 
LIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[CNH 
HIBOR] 
rate 
calculated on an[Actual/365]/[Actual/360]/[●] 
day count basis]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only 
be used in the case of Fixed Rate Reset 
Notes denominated in Renminbi where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to 
modification) 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount 
by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(xiv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on 
[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
NL/365; Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond 
Basis; 30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 
(ISDA); Actual/Actual-ICMA, RBA Bond Basis 
/ Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(xvi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or

--- Page 461 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
461 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon) 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 13(v)) 
 
(xvii) Party responsible for calculating the Rates 
of Interest and Interest Amounts: 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
17
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] [See Linear Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
interest 
determination)

--- Page 462 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
462 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/ (Insert details if interest will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) of the Senior Preferred Notes or 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes 
or include details of any other formula, in each 
case to be used for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s))] 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vii) Applicable 
formula 
to 
be 
used 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Condition [●] shall apply]/[●] 
(Specify the Condition which sets out the 
applicable formula, or include details of any 
other formula, in each case to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)) 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) – (E) of 
each of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
and Dated Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first 
day in each [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, or such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which, by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant 
Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location of Reference Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 463 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
463 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET Settlement 
Days or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(x) ISDA Determination (Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) 
of the Senior Preferred Notes and 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(A) of each of the Non-
Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
and 
Dated 
Subordinated Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different from 
those set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xvi) Gearing Factor:21 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvii)  Previous Coupon:22 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In respect of the Interest Period commencing 
on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.] 
 
21 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
22 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 464 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
464 
(xviii) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[●] 
18
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions23 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including [(insert final interest payment 
date)] 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment date)], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) [(insert final 
interest 
payment 
date)]] 
[See 
Linear 
Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vi) Applicable 
formula 
to 
be 
used 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[INV(1)][INV(2)][INV(3)][INV(4)][INV(5)] 
[INV(6)][INV(7)][INV(8)] 
 
23 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 465 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
465 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(viii) Inverse Rate:  
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect 
of 
the 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day falling the Relevant Number 
of Index Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, or such other date on which 
the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions, is excluded from the 
relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location 
of 
Reference 
Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back 
Period (being no less than 
5 London Banking Days, 
TARGET Settlement Days 
or U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days): 
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions]

--- Page 466 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
466 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xiii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xiv)  Gearing Factor: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(xv) Previous Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/The 
Previous 
Coupon shall be calculated by reference to 
the Interest Period commencing on [●]] 
[In respect of the Interest Period commencing 
on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Previous Coupon is [●] per cent.] 
(xvi) Fall back provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms relating 
to the method of calculating interest on 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[●] 
19
Range Accrual Note Provisions24 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
 
24 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 467 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
467 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] [See Linear Interpolation below.] 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vi) Applicable 
formula 
to 
be 
used 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[RAN(1)][RAN(2)][RAN(3)][RAN(4)][RAN(5)] 
(vii) Range Accrual Condition1, Range Accrual 
Condition2 
and/or 
Range 
Accrual 
Condition3: 
[●] 
(Specify 
applicable 
Range 
Accrual 
Condition from Condition 5(d)) 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(ix) Applicable Rate(s):  
[(Specify absolute value (If applicable))] [The 
mathematical [difference between][sum of]] 
(specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with

--- Page 468 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
468 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period/Interest Period]/[The day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable 
– 
Location 
of 
Reference 
Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back 
Period (being no less than 
5 London Banking Days, 
TARGET Settlement Days 
or U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days): 
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 469 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
469 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(x) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(xi) 
Accrual Rate:  
[●] 
(xii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
(xiii) 
Fixing Day: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(xiv) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(xv) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
(xvi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xvii)  Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●]  
(xviii)  Minimum Rate of Interest1: 
[●] 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●]  
(xx) 
Maximum Rate of Interest1: 
[●] 
(xxi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xxii) 
Business Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[The Business Centre 
shall be [●]] 
(xxiii) [[FX Rate(s): 
[●]]25 
(xxiv) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
(xxv) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
(xxvi) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
(xxvii) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(xxix) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(xxx) 
Fallback provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Range Accrual Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[●] 
 
25 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if Accrual Rate is not an FX Rate

--- Page 470 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
470 
20
Zero Coupon Note Provisions26 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(b)): 
[●] per cent. per annum, compounded 
[quarterly]/[semi-annually]/[annually] 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
[●] 
21
CMS Linked Note Provisions27 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date.]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] [See Linear Interpolation below.] 
 
26 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
27 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 471 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
471 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(v) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(vi) Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[CMS(1)][CMS(2)][CMS(3)][CMS(4)] 
[CMS(5)][CMS(6)][CMS(7)][CMS(8)] 
[CMS(9)][CMS(10)][CMS(11)][CMS(12)] 
[CMS(13)][CMS(14)][CMS(15)][CMS(16)] 
[CMS(17)][CMS(18)][CMS(19)][CMSRA(1)] 
[CMSRA(2)][CMSRA(3)][CMSRA(4)] 
[CMSRA(5)] (If applicable, specify which 
formula is applicable in respect of different 
Interest Periods) 
(vii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
(viii) CMS Rate: 
(Repeat sub-paragraph (i) to (iii) below for 
each of CMS Rate1, CMS Rate2 or CMS 
Rate3 where they apply. If the CMS Rate is 
determined by reference to another CMS 
formula, replicate such of the details below 
necessary to calculate such formula.)   
The mathematical [difference between][sum 
of]] (specify applicable rate(s)/Floating Rate 
Option(s)) determined in accordance with 
[ISDA 
Determination][Screen 
Rate 
Determination] as set out below: 
(a) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) – (G) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Specified Interest Payment Date]/[The day 
that is the [fourth] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period/Interest Period]/[The day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the 
operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 472 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
472 
– 
Location of Reference 
Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities 
Business Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(b) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A) of the Senior Preferred 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
– 
ISDA Definitions (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) Accrual Range:  
[●] 
(xi) Accrual Rate:  
[●] 
(xii) Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
(xiii) Fixing Day:  
[●] 
(xiv) Rate Cut-off Date:  
[●] 
(xv) Gearing Factor, Gearing Factor1, Gearing 
Factor2, Gearing Factor3, Gearing Factor4 
and/or Gearing Factor5: 
[●]

--- Page 473 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
473 
(xvi) Margin, Margin1, Margin2 and/or Margin3: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xvii)  Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] 
(xviii) Minimum Rate of Interest1 and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest2: 
[●]  
(xix) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xx) Maximum Rate of Interest1 and/or 
Maximum Rate of Interest2: 
[●] 
(xxi) Power: 
[●] 
(xxii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xxiii) [FX Rate(s): 
[●]28 
(xxiv) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
(xxv) Base Currency: 
[●] 
(xxvi) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
(xxvii) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
(xxviii) Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(xxix) Valuation Time: 
[●]]29 
(xxx) Fall back provisions, rounding provisions, 
denominator and any other terms relating 
to the method of calculating interest on 
CMS Linked Notes, if different from those 
set out in the Conditions: 
[●] 
22
Variable Rate Note Provisions30 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(i) 
Variation Notice: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[(a)  Minimum notice period if other than 5 
Business Days: 
[●]] (Delete if not applicable) 
(ii) 
Variation Date[s]: 
[●]  
(iii) Initial Rate of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraph 16, 17, 18, 19, 
20 or 21, as applicable.) 
 
28 Delete provisions (xxiii) – (xxix) if FX Rate is not applicable  
29 FX Rate provisions to be included where the Accrual Rate is calculated based upon one or more FX Rates  
30 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 474 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
474 
(iv) Varied Rate[s] of Interest: 
The [Fixed Interest Rate][Floating Interest 
Rate][Inverse Floating Interest Rate][Range 
Accrual Interest Rate][Zero Coupon Interest 
Rate][CMS Linked Interest Rate] specified 
below: 
(Replicate details in paragraphs 16, 17, 18, 
19, 20 or 21, as applicable, specifying which 
Variation Date to which the Varied Rate of 
Interest relates.) 
23
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions31 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Description of formula to be used for 
determining Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] 
(iii) [Index: 
[●] 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
Exchange: 
[●] 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges]]32 
 
(iv) [Basket: 
The basket composed of each Index specified 
below in the relative weighting specified: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Weighting 
 
 
Index 
Index Sponsor 
Business 
Centres 
Exchange(s) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
 
1
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
2
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
3
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each additional 
Index.)]33 
(v) Index 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s)]: 
[●] 
[Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
 
 
(NB: only applicable where Averaging Date(s) 
are specified) 
 
31 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
32 Delete entire paragraph if basket of indices. 
33 Delete if single index

--- Page 475 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
475 
(vi) Trade Date: 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
(vii) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(viii) Provisions for determining Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other variable is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions) 
(ix) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(x) Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
(xi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(xii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to 
and including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and

--- Page 476 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
476 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(xiv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[Please see sub-paragraph (iii) above]34/[●] 
(please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xviii) 
Correction of Index Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not 
apply and the Reference Level shall be 
calculated without regard to any subsequently 
published correction]. 
 
 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
(xix) [Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Index Valuation Dates other 
than the final Index Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Index 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Index Valuation Date, [●] Business Days prior 
to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xx) Such other additional terms or provisions 
as may be required: 
[●] 
 
34 Delete if single Index.

--- Page 477 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
477 
24
Equity Linked Interest Note Provisions35 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Description of formula to be used to 
determine Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
(iii) [Underlying Security: 
[●] 
Company: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Exchange: 
[●] 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges]]36 
(iv) [Basket: 
The 
basket 
composed 
of 
Underlying 
Securities of each Company specified below 
in the [relative proportions/number of shares 
of each Company] specified: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]37 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Weighting 
 
 
Index 
Index Sponsor 
Business 
Centres 
Exchange(s) 
Related 
Exchange(s) 
 
1
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
2
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
3
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each additional 
Index.)]38 
(v) [Equity 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s)]: 
[●] 
[Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] NB: (only applicable where 
Averaging Date(s) are specified) 
(vi) Trade Date 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
 
35 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
36 Delete entire paragraph if basket of Underlying Securities. 
 
37 Delete if single Underlying Security. 
40 Delete if single index

--- Page 478 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
478 
(vii) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(viii) Provisions for determining Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
where 
calculation by reference to Underlying 
Security and/or Formula is impossible or 
impracticable: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions, including: 
[Potential Adjustment Event] 
[Merger Event] 
[Tender Offer] 
[Nationalisation] 
[De-Listing] 
[Insolvency] 
[Other]) 
(ix) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(x) Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
(xi) Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(xii) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] and 
including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (xii) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) and including 
the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (xii) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (xii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable 
[There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and

--- Page 479 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
479 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
(xiii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/other (give details)] 
(xiv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[Please see sub-paragraph (iii) above]39 /[●] 
(please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvii) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(xviii) 
[Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Equity Valuation Dates other 
than the final Equity Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Equity 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Equity Valuation Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xix) Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
insert details) 
(xx) Such other additional terms or provisions as 
may be required: 
[●] 
25
FX Linked Interest Note Provisions40 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Description of formula to be used to 
determine Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount where calculated by 
reference to FX Rate: 
[●]/[Condition [●] shall apply] 
(ii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
 
39 Delete if single Underlying Security. 
40 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 480 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
480 
 
(a) Single FX Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(iv) FX Financial Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(b) Basket of FX Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
 
FX Rate: 
Base Currency: 
Reference Currency: 
Weighting: 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
 
FX Rate 
Sponsor: 
FX Price 
Source: 
Valuation Time: 
FX Financial Centre: 
 
1 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
(ii) 
[FXn:] 
[●] 
(iii) 
[FXo:] 
[●] 
(iv) 
Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(v) 
[FX Valuation Date(s)/Averaging Date(s)]: 
[●] 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(viii) Initial FX Averaging Date: 
[●] 
(ix) 
FX Interest Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(x) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (xv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment 
(xi) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
(xii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] and 
including the Maturity Date], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business

--- Page 481 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
481 
Day Convention set out in (xv) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) and including 
the Maturity Date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (xv) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) FX Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified 
Following 
/Nearest/Preceding/No 
Adjustment/other 
(give details)] 
(xiv) FX Financial Centre: 
[●] 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●]  
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
 
(xviii) Provisions for determining Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption or settlement disruption 
events and adjustment provisions) 
 
(xix) Disrupted Days: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and/or 
Inconvertibility Event as specified in Condition 
9] 
 
 
[Other Events] 
 
(xx) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)]

--- Page 482 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
482 
(xxi) Disruption Fallbacks: 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Determination/ 
Currency 
Reference 
Dealers/ 
Fallback 
Reference Price/ [Other]  
 
(Specify the order in which these will apply) 
(xxii) FX 
Averaging 
Reference 
Dates 
- 
Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Fallback Valuation Date: 
[●]/[As specified in Condition 9(a)]  
(xxiv) Successor Currency: 
[●] 
(xxv) Rebasing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) FX Reference Dealers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
please specify such dealers) 
(xxvii) FX Range Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(xxviii) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] and 
including the Maturity Date] 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) and including 
the Maturity Date. 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest 
period 
(the 
“[Short/Long] 
[First/Last] Coupon”) in respect of the period 
[from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
First Interest Payment Date]/[from (and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate 
Interest 
Payment Date)] to (and including) the Maturity 
Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
– 
Currency Pair: 
[●] 
– 
Minimum Currency Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Maximum Currency Rate: 
[●] 
– 
Observation Period: 
[●] 
– 
Rate1: 
[●] 
– 
Rate2: 
[●] 
– 
FX Determination Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(xxix) Such other additional terms or provisions 
as may be required: 
[●]

--- Page 483 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
483 
26
Dual Currency Note Provisions41 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Rate of Exchange/Method of calculating 
Rate of Exchange: 
[(Give details)] 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or interest due: 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
AG, 
London 
Branch] 
[(Specify other)] 
 
(iii) Provisions applicable where calculation by 
reference to Rate of Exchange is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[●] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; other] 
27
Interest Trigger Event42 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(ii) Reset Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(iii) Minimum Interest Amount: 
[●] 
28
Knock-in Event43 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(ii) Reset Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
(iii) Knock-in Barrier: 
[●] 
(iv) [Reference Period]/[Reference Time]: 
[Condition [●] shall apply]]/[●] 
(v) Relevant Rate: 
[●] (Specify or include a cross reference to the 
section in the Final Terms in which the 
Relevant Rate is set out) 
(vi) Other additional terms or provisions as may 
be required: 
[●]/[For the purposes of the definition of 
“Knock-in Event”, a Knock-in Event shall 
occur when the Relevant Rate is less than the 
Knock-in Barrier [at any time during the 
Reference Period]/[at the Reference Time]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
41 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
42 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
43 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 484 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
484 
29
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Condition 
[[6(d)(iii)]/[6(b)]]44/[[6(c)]/[6(e)]]45shall 
apply] 
[[●] (insert other provisions)] 
– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]46 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
– 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
30
Put Option47 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply] [[●] (insert other provisions)] 
(iii) Notice period: 
[The holder shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]  
31
Automatic Early Redemption48 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Commencement Date: 
[●] 
(iii) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
44 Senior Preferred Notes only.  
45 Senior Preferred and Dated Subordinated Notes only.  
46 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable  
47 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
48 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 485 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
485 
(iv) Notice period: 
[Condition [6(b)(iii)] shall apply]/[●]]/[The 
notice period referred to in Condition 6(b)(iii) 
shall be [●] [days/Business Days] 
32
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable per 
Calculation Amount and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions) on 
redemption:  
 
Senior Preferred Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event of default 
(Condition 13); or (b) for illegality (Condition 
6(f)); or (c) for taxation reasons (Condition 6(c)); 
or (d) in the case of Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes, following certain corporate events in 
accordance with Condition 7(i); or (e) in the case 
of Index Linked Redemption Notes, following an 
Index Modification, Index Cancellation or Index 
Disruption Event (Condition 8(g)); or (f)) in the 
case of Equity Linked Redemption Notes, Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or FX Linked 
Redemption Notes, following an Additional 
Disruption Event (if applicable) (Condition 6(h)): 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes:  
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 
6(d)); 
or 
(c) 
for 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event (Condition 6(e)): 
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
(a) on the occurrence of an event described in 
Condition 10; or (b) for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(d)); or (c) for a Regulatory Call 
(Condition 6(e)): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] [less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
payable on redemption following its Affiliates 
of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or 
Nationalisation, 
Delisting 
or 
Insolvency 
related hedging arrangements in respect of 
the Notes] 
(in the case of Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes and Index Linked Redemption Notes) 
[Early Redemption Amount includes an 
amount in respect of accrued interest: no 
additional amount in respect of accrued 
interest to be paid] or [Early Redemption 
Amount does not include an amount in 
respect of accrued interest: together with the 
Early Redemption Amount, accrued interest 
shall also be paid]

--- Page 486 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
486 
33
Regulatory Call49 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
34
MREL Disqualification Event Call50 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
35
Substitution and Variation51 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
36
Alignment Event52 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
37
Final Redemption Amount (all Notes except 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes, Index 
Linked Redemption Notes and FX Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[Not Applicable]  
38
Final Redemption Amount (Index Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note53 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Formula 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
(iii) [Index: 
[●] 
 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
Exchange: 
[●] 
 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(iv) [Index 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s)]: 
[●]]54 
(v) [Basket: 
The basket composed of each Index 
specified below in the relative weighting 
specified: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Index: 
Weighting: 
Index Sponsor: 
Valuation 
Time: 
Business 
Centre(s): 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
 
 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Multi-Exchange 
Index: 
 
 
49 Dated Subordinated Notes only.  
50 Non-Preferred Senior Notes only.  
51 Non-Preferred Senior Notes only.  
52 [Non-Preferred Senior Notes only.]  
53 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
54 Delete if basket of Indices.

--- Page 487 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
487 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(i) 
Index Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
 
[(ii) Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(i) 
Index Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
[(ii) Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[(i) 
Index Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
 
[(ii) Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each additional Index.)]55 
(vi) [Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (NB: only applicable where 
Averaging Date(s) are specified) 
(vii) Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption Amount where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is impossible or impracticable 
or otherwise disrupted: 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of market disruption events and adjustment 
provisions) 
(viii) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(ix)  Minimum Final Redemption: 
[●] 
(x)  Maximum Final Redemption: 
[●] 
(xi) Correction of Index Levels: 
Correction of Index Levels [applies/does not 
apply and the Reference Level shall be 
calculated without regard to any subsequently 
published correction]. 
 
 
(If Correction of Index Levels does not apply, 
delete the following sub-paragraph) 
(xii) [Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Index Valuation Dates other 
than the final Index Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Index 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
 
55 Delete if single Index.

--- Page 488 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
488 
Index Valuation Date, [●] Business Days prior 
to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xiii) Such other additional terms or provisions as 
may be required: 
[●] 
39
Final Redemption Amount (Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note56 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Formula 
for 
calculating 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
(iii) [Underlying Security: 
[●] 
Company: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Exchange: 
[●] 
Related Exchange: 
[●]/[All Exchanges] 
(iv) [Equity 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Averaging 
Date(s):] 
[●] 
(v) Valuation Time: 
[●]]57 
(vi) [Basket: 
The 
basket 
composed 
of 
Underlying 
Securities of each Company specified below 
in the [relative proportions/number of shares 
of each Company] specified: 
 
 
Underlying 
Security: 
Company: 
ISIN: 
Weighting: 
Valuation Time 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]  
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Multi-Exchange : 
 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
56 Senior Preferred Notes only.   
57 Delete if basket of Underlying Securities.

--- Page 489 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
489 
 
[(i)  
Equity Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
[(ii)  
Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(i)  
Equity Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
[(ii)  
Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[(i)  
Equity Valuation Date: 
[●]]  
 
[(ii)  
Averaging Dates: 
[●]]  
(Repeat as necessary for each additional Equity Index.)] 30 
(vii)  
 
[Adjustment provisions in the event of a 
Disrupted Day:] 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (NB: only applicable where 
Averaging Date(s) are specified) 
(viii) Business Centre: 
[Please see paragraph (iii) above]58/[●] 
(Please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres) 
(ix)  Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Physical Settlement does not apply, delete 
the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
[Underlying Securities Amount: 
[●] 
 
Presentation Date: 
[●] 
 
Clearing system through which the 
Underlying Securities Amount may 
be delivered upon redemption: 
[●] 
 
Delivery Agent: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.] [(Specify 
other)]] 
(x) [Correction Cut-Off Date: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Equity Valuation Dates other 
than the final Equity Valuation Date, [●] 
Business Days after the relevant Equity 
Valuation Date and in relation to the final 
Equity Valuation Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.] 
 
 
[In relation to Averaging Dates other than the 
final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days after 
the relevant Averaging Date and in relation to 
the final Averaging Date, [●] Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date.]] 
(xi) Provisions 
for 
determining 
Final 
Redemption Amount where calculation by 
[●] (If applicable, need to include a description 
of Final Redemption Amount where market 
 
58 Delete if single Underlying Security.

--- Page 490 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
490 
reference to Underlying Security and/or 
Formula and/or other variable is impossible 
or impracticable or otherwise disrupted: 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions, including: 
 
 
[Potential Adjustment Event] 
 
 
[Merger Event] 
 
 
[Tender Offer] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[De-Listing] 
 
 
[Insolvency] 
 
 
[Other (specify)] 
 
(xii) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(xiii) Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable 
insert details) 
(xiv) Such other additional terms or provisions 
as may be required: 
[●] 
40
Final Redemption Amount (FX Linked 
Redemption Notes) of each Note59 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Description of formula to be used to 
determine Final Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to a FX Rate: 
[●] 
(ii) Party responsible for calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Agent] [(Specify other)] 
 
(a) Single FX Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
FX Price Source: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
FX Financial Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
FX Rate Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(b) Basket of FX Rates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below.) 
 
59 Senior Preferred Notes only.

--- Page 491 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
491 
 
 
FX Rate: 
Base Currency: 
Reference Currency: 
Weighting: 
 
1 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[] per cent. 
 
 
FX Rate 
Sponsor: 
FX Price 
Source: 
Valuation Time: 
FX Financial Centre: 
 
1 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
 
2 [●] 
[●]  
[●] 
[●]  
 
3 [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]  
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[Issue Date (if either (a) there is no related 
swap transaction or (b) the Trade Date of the 
related swap transaction is the same date as 
the Issue Date)/[●] (Insert Trade Date of 
related swap transaction (if different from 
Issue Date))] 
(ii) 
 Number of FX Settlement Days: 
[●] 
(iii) [FX Valuation Date(s)/Averaging Date(s)]: 
[●] 
(iv) Valuation Time: 
[●] 
(v) Initial FX Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(vi) Initial FX Averaging Date: 
[●] 
(vii)  FX Business Day Convention: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Nearest/Preceding/No 
Adjustment/[●](give details)] 
(viii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA; Other] 
(ix)  Disrupted Days: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption 
and/or 
Inconvertibility Event as specified in Condition 
9] 
 
 
[Other Events] 
 
(x) Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remainder of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Other (give details)] 
(xi) Disruption Fallbacks: 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Determination/ 
Currency 
Reference 
Dealers/ 
Fallback 
Reference Price/ [Other] 
(Specify the order in which these will apply)

--- Page 492 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
492 
(xii) FX Averaging Reference Dates – Omission: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) Fallback Valuation Date: 
[●] 
(xiv) Successor Currency: 
[●] 
(xv) Rebasing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) FX Reference Dealers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, 
please specify such dealers) 
(xvii) Such other additional terms or provisions as 
may be required: 
[●] 
41
Any other terms relating to the redemption 
of the Notes, if different from those set out 
in the Conditions 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
42
Form of Notes 
[Bearer 
Notes/[Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes]60/Registered Notes] 
 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of 
the Tranche of which such Note is a part nor 
later than 40 days prior to the first anniversary 
of the Issue Date (i.e. [●]) which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Note is a part nor later 
than 40 days prior to the first anniversary of 
the Issue Date (i.e. [●])]61 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]20 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the restricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Rule 144A)]62 
 
60 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes. 
61 The exchange at any time options should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the permanent Global Note/Certificate. 
62 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate.

--- Page 493 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
493 
 
 
[Unrestricted] Global Certificate [registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg] [a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(that is, held under the NSS)] exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the unrestricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Regulation S)] 
 
 
[AMTN Global Certificate [registered in the 
name of Austraclear] that is held by the 
Australian Fiscal Agent.] 
43
New Global Notes:63 
[Yes/No] 
44
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 10(h) of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Condition 7(i) of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Dated 
Subordinated Notes) or other special provisions 
relating to payment dates: 
Not Applicable / [Condition 10(h)(i)[(A)/(B)] of 
the Senior Preferred Notes] or Condition 
7(i)(i)[(A)/(B)] of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes 
or 
Dated 
Subordinated 
Notes] 
applies/give details. [Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and 
not interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraphs 16(iv), 17(iv), 18(iv), 20(iv), 
22(xiii), 23(xiii) and 35(vi) relate] 
45
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late payment:64 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
46
Details relating to Instalment Notes: Amount of 
each instalment, date on which each payment 
is to be made:65 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
47
Other terms or special conditions: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
48
Additional steps that may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution in accordance with Condition 14(a) 
of the Senior Preferred Notes or Condition 
11(a) of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Dated Subordinated Notes: 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
49
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
50
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary].  
 
63 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form or in the form of Registered Notes to be held under the NSS. 
64 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.  
65 Not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 494 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
494 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof,[[administrator 
legal name], as administrator of [specify 
benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is / are] not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 
of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]   
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the 
issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note 
Programme of Rabobank.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information on the underlying has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
[SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE STATEMENT (N.B. only to be included 
in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has been no significant change 
in the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group and there has 
been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Rabobank Group since [insert 
date of latest annual or interim financial statements].] 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised representative to lodge the listing application for the Notes 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.]

--- Page 495 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
495 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 496 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
496 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
Listing66 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[None/[●] (specify an exchange-regulated market 
or a stock exchange located outside the EEA or 
the UK)] 
[Application will be made by the Issuer to the 
Taipei Exchange in Taiwan (the “TPEx”) for the 
listing of the Notes on the TPEx] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●]/No 
application for admission to trading has been 
made]  
[Application for definitive listing on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange will be made as soon as practicable 
thereafter and (if granted) will only be granted after 
the Issue Date. The last day of trading on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be [date]/[the second SIX 
Exchange Business Day prior to the Maturity 
Date. “SIX Exchange Business Day” means a 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
the SIX Swiss Exchange is open for general 
business].]67 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
 
[Application will be made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the TPEx with effect from 
the Issue Date. 
TPEx is not responsible for the content of this 
document and the Documentation and no 
representation is made by TPEx to the accuracy 
or completeness of this document and the 
Documentation. TPEx expressly disclaims any 
and all liability for any losses arising from, or as a 
result of the reliance on, all or part of the contents 
of this document and the Documentation. 
Admission to the listing and trading of the Notes 
on the TPEx shall not be taken as an indication of 
the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. The effective 
date of the listing of the Notes is on or about the 
Issue Date.] 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
2
Ratings 
 
 
66 Listing of Exempt Notes may only be on an exchange regulated market or on a stock exchange outside the EEA or the UK.  
67 Where the Notes are to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the expected last day of trading must be indicated.

--- Page 497 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
497 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][/][are
expected to be] rated:] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating. A brief 
explanation of the rating(s) assigned by each 
rating agency should be given] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch Australia: [●]] [Credit ratings are for 
distribution only to a person in Australia who is not 
a ‘retail client’ within the meaning of section 761G 
of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia and 
is also a sophisticated investor, professional 
investor or other investor in respect of whom 
disclosure is not required under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 
of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia. 
Anyone in Australia who is not such a person is 
not entitled to receive these Final Terms or the 
Base Prospectus and anyone who receives these 
Final Terms or the Base Prospectus must not 
distribute them to any person in Australia who is 
not entitled to receive them.]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(the above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and 
(ii) registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EU and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, (ii) 
not registered under the CRA Regulation; but 
(iii) has applied for registration: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EU and has applied for registration under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
although

--- Page 498 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
498 
notification of the registration decision has not yet 
been provided. 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU; and 
(ii) has not applied for registration is not 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EU and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/ 2009. 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU but 
the relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU and 
the relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation, but the CRA is certified under 
the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU but is certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the EU 
nor certified under the CRA Regulation and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EU and is not certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EU 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
3
[Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement):] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and 
[their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)]]]

--- Page 499 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
499 
4
Reasons for the offer and estimated net 
proceeds: 
Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus]/[specify 
green 
bond/social 
bond/sustainability bond use of proceeds]/[●]  
(If reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include 
those reasons here.)] 
[●] 
5
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is NOT an indication of 
future yield. 
6
Operational information 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:68 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs69 as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][(include this text for registered 
notes)] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the 
ICSDs 
as 
common 
safekeeper 
[(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,]([include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
 
68 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form. 
69 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.).

--- Page 500 ---
Form of Final Terms – Exempt Notes 
 
500 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series insert:) 
[Pending consolidation with the Existing Notes: [●] 
Following consolidation with the Existing Notes: 
[●]] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series insert:) 
[Pending consolidation with the Existing Notes: [●] 
Following consolidation with the Existing Notes: 
[●]] 
(iv) German WKN-code: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(v) Private Placement number: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(vi) CUSIP Number:70 
[●] 
(vii) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
(viii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying/Delivery Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
(x) Names (and addresses) of Calculation 
Agent(s):71 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester 
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 
2DB, United Kingdom] [(Specify other)] 
7
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
(iii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●](give names)] 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names)] 
(v) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/Not Applicable] 
(vi) Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
(vii) Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/(give details)] 
 
 
 
70 Applicable to Restricted Global Certificates. Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate.  
71 Separate Calculation Agency Agreement needed if the Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates or Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch.

--- Page 501 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
501 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES1 
FINAL TERMS 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
(Chamber of Commerce registration number 30046259) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
AUSTRALIA BRANCH 
(Australian Business Number 70 003 917 655) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
[COÖPERATIEVE RABOBANK U.A. 
NEW ZEALAND BRANCH 
(New Zealand Business Number 9429038354397) 
(a cooperative (coöperatie) formed under the laws of the Netherlands with its statutory seat in 
Amsterdam)] 
EUR 160,000,000,000 
Global Medium-Term Note Programme of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch, Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch 
Due from seven days to perpetuity 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[●] Notes [year of issue] due [●]2 (the “Notes”) 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Publicity Name(s) of Dealer/Manager(s)] 
The date of these Final Terms is [●] 
MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate]3 [(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
 
1 Denominations must be less than €100,000 or equivalent in other currency and may be admitted to listing or trading on a 
Regulated Market and not applicable for Non-Preferred Senior and Dated Subordinated Notes.   
2 For Floating Rate Notes, insert relevant month and year only, not the date within the month of maturity. 
3 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 502 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
502 
market]]4. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”]/[MiFID II]); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
 
4 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be 
appropriate.   
5 Legend to be included only in the case where ‘Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors’ is marked ‘Applicable’.

--- Page 503 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
503 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended form time to time, the “SFA”) and 
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP 
Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are]/[are not] “prescribed capital markets products” 
(as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]6 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph [8(vii)] of Part B below, provided 
such person is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer is made during the Offer 
Period specified in that paragraph; or 
(ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any [Dealer/Manager] has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in any other circumstances. 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the Supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [●]] ([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] Full information on 
the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained 
from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the principal office of the Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.bourse.lu. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and 
conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] (the “Conditions”), which are incorporated 
by reference in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 [and the supplemental prospectus[es] dated [●]] 
([together,] the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at, 
 
6 For any Notes to be offered to investors in Singapore, the Issuer should consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 504 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
504 
and copies may be obtained from, Rabobank at Croeselaan 18, 3521 CB Utrecht, the Netherlands and the 
principal office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, Amsterdam and www.bourse.lu.]7 
[THE NOTES REFERRED TO HEREIN THAT ARE REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL 
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON 
ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVE IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A 
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (3) PURSUANT TO 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE), IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE 
AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT FOR RESALES OF NOTES REPRESENTED BY A RESTRICTED GLOBAL CERTIFICATE]8 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light 
of its own circumstances. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs, save in respect of the items in Part B, which may be deleted in accordance with the relevant 
footnotes. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[Consider whether a drawdown prospectus is necessary in order to issue fungible Notes where the 
first Tranche was issued pursuant to a previous Base Prospectus/Offering Circular. This could arise in 
circumstances where, for example, the Final Terms for the original tranche included information which is 
no longer permitted to be included in Final Terms under the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant to guidance 
issued by ESMA.] 
1
Issuer: 
[Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.9 
 
 
Coöperatieve 
Rabobank 
U.A. 
Australia 
Branch 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand 
Branch] 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
 
7 This alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under an offering 
circular/base prospectus with an earlier date.  
8 Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A.  
9 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form and Notes denominated in Sterling.

--- Page 505 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
505 
[(insert description of the Series)] (the 
“Existing Notes”) on [(insert date)/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [(insert date)]]]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate nominal amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
[plus accrued interest in respect of the period 
from, and including, [(insert date)/the Interest 
Commencement Date] to, but excluding, 
[(insert 
date)/the 
Issue 
Date] 
(if applicable)] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof, up to and including [●].] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[As specified in Condition 1][[●] (specify if 
other than the Issue Date)]/[Not Applicable] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●] (Specify date (or indicate if Notes are 
perpetual) or (for Floating Rate Notes) [The 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [●]] (insert the relevant month and 
year) 
 
 
(N.B. it will be necessary to use the alternative 
text for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification) 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[(specify applicable rate)] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10
Change of Interest Basis: 
Not Applicable 
11
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100.00 per cent. of 
their nominal amount 
12
Alternative Currency Equivalent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[●]

--- Page 506 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
506 
 
(ii) 
Alternative 
Currency 
Adjudication 
Agent:10 
[●] 
 
(iii) Alternative 
Currency 
Calculation 
Agent:11 
[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[●] Business Days 
13
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Further particulars specified below] 
14
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior – the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Preferred Notes shall apply 
 
(ii) 
Domestic Note (if Domestic Note, there 
will be no gross-up for withholding tax): 
[No/Yes] 
 
(iii) Date of approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in 
arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to and 
including the Maturity Date] 
 
 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest period (the “[Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon”) in respect of the period [from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date 
to (but excluding) the First Interest Payment 
Date]/[from 
(and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate Interest Payment Date)] to (and 
including) the Maturity Date] 
 
 
(N.B. Condition 10(h) will apply if an Interest 
Payment Date falls on a non-business day) 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only be 
used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
 
10 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Adjudication Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Adjudication Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.  
11 When paragraph 12 (Alternative Currency Equivalent) is ‘Applicable’, a separate Alternative Currency Calculation Agency 
Agreement will be needed if the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates.

--- Page 507 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
507 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Provided that, if any Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be the next 
succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 
 
For these purposes, “Business Day” means a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payment and are 
open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong.] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount [except in respect 
of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] Coupon]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. The alternative text below should only be 
used in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in Renminbi where the Interest 
Payment Dates are subject to modification) 
 
 
[Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the 
Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by 
the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, with 
CNY0.005 being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon, [●] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling on [●]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
 
(Day Count Fraction should be Actual/Actual 
ICMA for all fixed rate issues other than those 
denominated in U.S. Dollars or Renminbi, 
unless otherwise agreed) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon)

--- Page 508 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
508 
 
 
(Determination Date must be specified if 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is specified in Item 16(v)) 
 
(vii) [Business Day Convention:] 
[Applicable — Modified Following Business 
Day Convention] (Only applicable where 
Notes 
are 
denominated 
in 
Renminbi, 
otherwise delete this item) 
16
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[As specified in Condition 1]/[●]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iii) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment date)], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
[[●] in each year, commencing on [●] (the 
“First Interest Payment Date”) up to and 
including [(insert final interest payment date)], 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (iii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] fixed 
interest period (the “[Short/Long] [First/Last] 
Coupon”) in respect of the period [from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date 
to (but excluding) the First Interest Payment 
Date]/[from 
(and 
including) 
[(insert 
penultimate Interest Payment Date)] to (and 
including) [(insert final interest payment date)]] 
[See Linear Interpolation below.] 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(iv) Business Centre(s) (Condition 1(a)): 
[●] (please provide all the relevant Business 
Centres 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
interest 
determination)

--- Page 509 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
509 
 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/(specify dates)] 
 
(vii) Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable]/Condition [●] shall apply] 
(Specify the Condition which sets out the 
applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[●]] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(b)(iii)(B) – (G)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Rate(s): 
[● month] [●] 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[[●][TARGET] Business Days [in [(specify 
city)] for [(specify currency)]] prior to the first 
day in each [Interest Accrual Period/Interest 
Period]/[The day that is the [fourth] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Accrual Period/Interest Period]/[The 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment 
of interest falls due (but which, by its definition 
or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
– 
Location of Reference Banks: 
[[●]/As per the Conditions/Not Applicable] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR, 
Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted Average SOFR 
–  
Observation Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where 
Lock-out date means the date 5 [London 
Banking Days][U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] prior to the applicable Interest 
Payment Date] 
– 
Observation Look-back Period 
(being no less than 5 London 
Banking Days, TARGET 
Settlement Days or U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days):  
[specify 
number] 
[London 
Banking 
Days]/[TARGET 
Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded Index Rate 
– 
Compounded Index: 
[SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
– 
Relevant Decimal Place:  
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
– 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]

--- Page 510 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
510 
– 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(x) ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(b)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction (Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual; 
Actual/Actual-ISDA; 
Actual/365 (Fixed); Actual/365 (Sterling); 
Actual/360; 30/360; 360/360; Bond Basis; 
30E/360; Eurobond Basis; 30E/360 (ISDA); 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition [6(b)] 
shall apply]  
[– 
[Reference Rate:] 
[●]12 
– 
[Strike Rate:] 
[●] 
– 
[X:] 
[●] 
– 
[Observation Date:] 
[As per Conditions]/[●]] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[The Issuer shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date] 
18
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
12 Delete Reference Rate, Strike Rate, X and Observation Date if not applicable

--- Page 511 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
511 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Condition 6(b) 
shall apply] [[●] (insert other provisions)] 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[The holder shall give notice of its intention to 
redeem the Notes not less than 15 nor more 
than 60 days prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date]  
19
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable per 
Calculation Amount on redemption (a) on the 
occurrence of an event of default (Condition 
13); or (b) for illegality (Condition 6(f)); or (c) 
for taxation reasons (Condition 6(c)): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/As set out in the 
Conditions] 
20
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21
Form of Notes 
[Bearer 
Notes/Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes/Registered Notes]  
 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note not earlier than 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of 
the Tranche of which such Note is a part nor 
later than 40 days prior to the first anniversary 
of the Issue Date (i.e. [●]) which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in 
the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the 
Tranche of which such Note is a part nor later 
than 40 days prior to the first anniversary of 
the Issue Date (i.e. [●])]13 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note]11 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the restricted 
 
13 The Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by 
a Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes, other than in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note/Certificate.

--- Page 512 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
512 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Rule 144A)]14 
 
 
[Unrestricted] Global Certificate [registered in 
the name of [a nominee for DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg] [a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(that is, held under the NSS)] exchangeable 
for Definitive Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the unrestricted 
Global Certificate (for Notes issued pursuant 
to Regulation S)] 
22
New Global Notes:15 
[Yes/No] 
23
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 10(h)): 
Not Applicable / Condition 10(h)(i)[(A)/(B)] 
applies. [Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which sub-
paragraphs 16(iv), 17(iv), 18(iv) and 20(iv) 
relate] 
24
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary].  
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof,[[administrator 
legal name], as administrator of [specify 
benchmark][repeat as necessary] [is / are] not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 
of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011]/[the 
transitional 
provisions in 
Article 
51 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[insert names(s) of administrator(s)] [is/are] 
not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[Not Applicable]   
 
14 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. 
15 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form or in the form of Registered Notes to be held under the NSS.

--- Page 513 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
513 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue 
of Notes described herein pursuant to the EUR 160,000,000,000 Global Medium-Term Note Programme 
of Rabobank.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
Information on the underlying has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
[SIGNIFICANT OR MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE STATEMENT (N.B. only to be included in 
case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
[Save as disclosed in [refer to any relevant disclosure],] There has been no significant change in 
the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group and there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Rabobank Group since [insert date of latest 
annual or interim financial statements].] 
[REPRESENTATIVE (N.B. Only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
In accordance with article 58a of the Listing Rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has 
appointed [●], located at [●], as recognised representative to lodge the listing application for the Notes 
with SIX Exchange Regulation AG.] 
[RESPONSIBILITY (N.B. only to be included in case of Notes listed on SIX Swiss Exchange) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 514 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
514 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam/Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●]/No 
application for admission to trading has been 
made].16  
[Application for definitive listing on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange will be made as soon as 
practicable thereafter and (if granted) will only 
be granted after the Issue Date. The last day of 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange will be 
[date]/[the second SIX Exchange Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date. “SIX Exchange 
Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which the SIX Swiss 
Exchange is open for general business].]17 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
(iv) In the case of Notes listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(b) 
Amsterdam Paying Agent: 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
2
Ratings 
 
Rating: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][/][are
expected to be] rated:] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating. A 
brief explanation of the rating(s) assigned by 
each rating agency should be given] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch Australia: [●]]  
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
16 Where documenting a fungible issue, indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading. 
17 Where the Notes are to be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, the expected last day of trading must be indicated.

--- Page 515 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
515 
 
 
[[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(the above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU 
and 
(ii) 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU, 
(ii) 
not 
registered 
under 
the 
CRA 
Regulation; 
but 
(iii) 
has 
applied 
for 
registration: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, although 
notification of the registration decision has not 
yet been provided. 
 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU; 
and (ii) has not applied for registration is 
not registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EU and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/ 2009. 
 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU 
but the relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under 
the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
not 
established in the EU but the rating it has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EU and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU 
and the relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation, but the CRA is 
certified under the CRA Regulation:

--- Page 516 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
516 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
not 
established in the EU but is certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009. 
 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the 
EU nor certified under the CRA Regulation 
and the relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation: 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency 
entity 
providing 
rating] 
is 
not 
established in the EU and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. 
3
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the offer 
[(Include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:)] 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] 
and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
4
[Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” wording in 
Base 
Prospectus]/[specify 
green 
bond/social bond/sustainability bond 
use of proceeds]/[●]  
 
 
(If reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain 
risks will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than 
one use will need to split out and 
present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [(Include breakdown of expenses.)] 
5
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]

--- Page 517 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
517 
The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It 
is NOT an indication of future yield. 
6
Historic interest rates (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of the past and further performance of [USD LIBOR/LIBID/LIMEAN/GBP-ISDA-Swap 
Rate/EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR/EONIA/STIBOR/CNH 
HIBOR/EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR-
Swap Rate/JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate/USD-ISDA-Swap Rate/other] can be obtained from [●] [free 
of charge/for a fee]. 
7
Operational information 
 
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:18 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” 
simply means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs19 as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered 
notes)] 
and 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day 
credit 
operations 
by 
the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] /  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified 
as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
should 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][(include 
this 
text 
for 
registered notes)]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that 
 
18 Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes in NGN form. 
19 The International Central Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.).

--- Page 518 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
518 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
[(If fungible with an existing Series 
insert:) 
[Pending 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●] 
Following 
consolidation 
with 
the 
Existing Notes: [●]] 
(iv) German WKN-code: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(v) Private Placement number: 
[●]/Not Applicable 
(vi) CUSIP Number:20 
[●] 
(vii) Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and 
number(s))] 
(viii) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(ix) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional 
Paying/Delivery Agent(s) (if any): 
Not Applicable/[●] 
(x) Names 
(and 
addresses) 
of 
Calculation 
Agent(s):21 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom]/[●] 
8
Distribution 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers: 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
names 
and 
addresses)] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of 
entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or extra information 
will be required if the managers and 
underwriters are not the same or if the 
 
20 Applicable to Restricted Global Certificates. Only Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. may issue Notes represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate.  
21 Separate Calculation Agency Agreement needed if the Calculation Agent is not a Dealer or one of its affiliates or Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch.

--- Page 519 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
519 
placing is on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where applicable, set out 
the 
material 
features 
of 
any 
underwriting 
agreements, 
including 
quotas, and where an issue is only 
partially 
underwritten, 
include 
a 
statement of the portion not covered.) 
(iii) Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[●](give names)] 
(v) [Managers’/Dealer’s] Commission: 
[●] 
(vi) If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not 
Applicable/(give 
names 
and 
addresses)] 
 
 
[If the sole Dealer in respect of Notes 
issued by Rabobank is Rabobank (in 
its capacity as Dealer), such Dealer will 
not subscribe for the Notes, but will act 
as agent for the placement of Notes. 
Such Notes will be deemed to be 
issued at the time when the Notes are 
transferred from the Dealer to the 
subscriber and the Dealer receives 
funds from the subscriber on behalf of 
Rabobank] 
(vii) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[TEFRA C /TEFRA D /Not Applicable] 
(viii) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes 
may be made by the Manager(s) [and 
[[]] (together [with the Managers], the 
“Initial Authorised Offerors”) [and 
any other Authorised Offerors in 
accordance with paragraph [] below] 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in [specify 
relevant 
jurisdiction(s) 
where 
the 
Prospectus and any supplements have 
been passported] (the “Public Offer 
Jurisdictions”) during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] (the 
“Offer Period”). See further paragraph 
[9(xii)] below.] 
 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling 
restriction) 
 
(x) General Consent: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 520 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
520 
9
General 
[Applicable/Not Applicable], (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)22 
(i) 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not 
fixed, description of the arrangements and time 
for announcing the definitive amount to the 
public: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on 
their issue. As between the Authorised 
Offerors and their customers, offers of 
the Notes are further subject to 
conditions as may be agreed between 
them and/or as specified in the 
arrangements in place between them.] 
[●] 
(iii) Description of the application process: 
[A prospective Noteholder should 
contact the 
applicable Authorised 
Offeror in the applicable Public Offer 
Jurisdiction prior to the end of the Offer 
Period. A prospective Noteholder will 
subscribe for the Notes in accordance 
with 
the 
arrangements 
existing 
between such Authorised Offeror and 
its 
customers 
relating 
to 
the 
subscription of securities generally. 
Noteholders will not be required to 
enter 
into 
any 
contractual 
arrangements directly with the Issuer in 
connection with the subscription of the 
Notes.] [●] 
(iv) Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for any 
reductions of subscriptions.] [●] 
(v) Manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for any 
refunds of excess amounts paid by 
applicants.] [●] 
(vi) Minimum 
and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application: 
[There are no pre-identified allotment 
criteria. The Authorised Offerors will 
adopt allotment criteria in accordance 
with customary market practices and 
applicable laws and regulations.] [●] 
(vii) Method and time limit for paying up the securities 
and for delivery of the Notes: 
[Investors will be notified by the 
relevant Authorised Offeror of their 
allocations of Notes and the settlement 
arrangements in respect thereof. The 
 
22 Not applicable if the Notes are offered in circumstances which do not require the publication of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 521 ---
Form of Final Terms – Non-Exempt PR Notes 
 
521 
Notes will be issued on the Issue Date 
against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys.] [●] 
(viii) Manner and date on which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
[Investors will be notified by the 
applicable Authorised Offeror of their 
allocations of Notes and the settlement 
procedures in respect thereof.] [●] 
(ix) Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, the negotiability of subscription rights 
and the treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for a 
procedure for the exercise of any right 
of pre-emption or negotiability of 
subscription rights.] [●] 
(x) Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries. 
Not Applicable. The terms of the Public 
Offer do not reserve any tranche(s) for 
certain countries. 
(xi) Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[A prospective Noteholder will receive 
100 per cent. of the amount of the 
Notes allocated to it at the end of the 
Offer Period. Prospective Noteholders 
will be notified by the applicable 
Authorised Offeror in accordance with 
the arrangements in place between 
such Authorised Offeror and the 
prospective Noteholders. No dealings 
in the Notes on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II (Directive 
2014/65/EU) may take place prior to 
the Issue Date.] [●] 
(xii) Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable. The terms of the 
Public Offer do not provide for any 
expenses and/or taxes to be charged 
to any subscriber and/or purchaser of 
the Notes.] [●] 
(xiii) Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
The 
Initial 
Authorised 
Offerors 
identified in paragraph [●] above [and 
any additional Authorised Offerors who 
have or obtain the Issuer’s consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in connection 
with the Public Offer [and who are 
identified on the Issuer’s website as an 
Authorised 
Offeror/in 
the 
manner 
described in the Base Prospectus] 
(together, the “Authorised Offerors”).

--- Page 522 ---
General information 
 
522 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Notes. The update and amendment to the Programme was 
authorised by Rabobank by a resolution of the Managing Board of Rabobank passed on 30 
November 2020, by a resolution of the Supervisory Board passed on 16 December 2020 and by a 
secretary’s certificate dated 12 May 2021. 
2. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, other than as disclosed in the sub-section entitled “Recent 
Developments”, under the “Description of Business of Rabobank Group” section, there has been no 
significant change in the financial position and financial performance of the Issuer or of Rabobank 
Group, since 31 December 2020, and other than as disclosed in the sub-section entitled “Recent 
Developments”, under the “Description of Business of Rabobank Group” section, there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or of Rabobank Group, since 31 December 
2020, the last day of the financial period in respect of which audited financial statements of the 
Issuer have been prepared. 
3. 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled “Legal and arbitration proceedings” on pages 297 to 298 
of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the period 
covering the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or Rabobank Group’s financial position or 
profitability. 
4. 
Each Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States 
person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax 
laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
5. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems. In addition, Rabobank will make an application with respect to any Restricted Notes of a 
Registered Series to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. Acceptance by DTC of 
Restricted Notes of each Tranche of a Registered Series issued by Rabobank will be confirmed in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number 
(ISIN), the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedure (CUSIP) number and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg and the 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041 USA.  
6. 
The AMTNs have been accepted for clearance through the Austraclear System operated by 
Austraclear Ltd (ABN 94 002 060 773) (“Austraclear”) (which is the entity in charge of keeping the 
records). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where 
applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
AMTNs will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Austraclear is 20 Bridge Street Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. 
7. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined based on the prevailing 
market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation 
to any issues of Notes.

--- Page 523 ---
General information 
 
523 
8. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will 
be 
available 
at 
https://www.rabobank.com/en/investors/funding/funding-
programmes/Rabobank_Nederland_EUR_160_bn_GMTN_Programme.html: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (which includes 
the form of the Global Notes, the Registered Notes, the Definitive Notes, and the Coupons, 
Talons and Receipts relating to Definitive Notes) and the Covenant (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time); 
(ii) 
the Australian Agency Agreement (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (which 
includes the form of the Certificates) and the Covenant; 
(iii) 
the articles of association of Rabobank; 
(iv) 
the audited and consolidated financial statements of Rabobank and Rabobank Group for the 
years ended 31 December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 (together with 
the explanatory notes and the independent auditor’s reports in respect thereof); 
(v) 
the audited financial statements of Rabobank for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 
and 2018 (in each case, together with the explanatory notes and the independent auditor’s 
reports in respect thereof); 
(vi) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity); 
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus and any such supplement); and 
(viii) 
a copy of the ISDA Definitions and the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions. 
9. 
The consolidated financial statements of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and its subsidiaries and the 
company financial statements of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V., an independent 
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their auditor’s reports incorporated by reference 
herein. The auditor signing the auditor’s report on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member 
of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants).  
10. 
The latest published financial information was for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
11. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interim financial information in respect of the Issuer has 
been published subsequent to 31 December 2020. 
12. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Rabobank Group is not party to any contracts (not entered 
into in the ordinary course of business) that are considered material to its results, financial condition 
or operations. 
13. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. is DG3RU1DBUFHT4ZF9WN62.

--- Page 524 ---
General information 
 
524 
14. 
The website of the Issuer is www.rabobank.com. The information on www.rabobank.com does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
16. 
The yield for any particular Series of Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were 
to be purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. Set out below is the 
formula for the purposes of calculating the yield of Fixed Rate Notes.  
Issue Price = Rate of Interest × 
1 − (
1
(1 + Yield)n)
Yield
 + [Final Redemption Amount × 
1
(1 + Yield)n] 
Where: 
“Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest expressed as a percentage as specified in the relevant
Final Terms and adjusted according to the frequency i.e. for a semi-annual paying Note, the Rate
of Interest is half the stated annualised Rate of Interest in the Final Terms; 
“Yield” means the yield to maturity calculated on a frequency commensurate with the frequency of
interest payments as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“n” means the number of interest payments to maturity. 
 
Set out below is a worked example illustrating how the yield on a Series of Fixed Rate Notes could 
be calculated on the basis of the above formula. It is provided for purposes of illustration only and 
should not be taken as an indication or prediction of the yield for any Series of Notes; it is intended 
merely to illustrate the way which the above formula could be applied. 
Where: 
n = 6 
Rate of interest = 3.875 per cent. 
Issue Price = 99.392 per cent. 
Final Redemption Amount = 100 per cent.

--- Page 525 ---
General information 
 
525 
99.392 = 3.875 
1 − [
1
(1 + Yield)6]
Yield
 + [100 × 
1
(1 + Yield)6] 
Yield = 3.99 per cent. (calculated by iteration)  
The yield specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of a Series of Fixed Rate Notes will not be 
indication of future yield. 
17. 
The following table sets forth the payments made by Rabobank to Stichting AK Rabobank 
Certificaten with respect to Rabobank’s participations (“Rabobank Participations”) relating to the 
financial years indicated. Stichting AK Rabobank Certificaten paid the payments it received in 
respect of the Rabobank Participations to the holders of the Rabobank certificates. On 15 December 
2020, the ECB issued a recommendation to banks to refrain from or limit dividends until at least 30 
September 2021. Rabobank is adhering to this recommendation and announced on 11 February 
2021 its intention to make a quarterly distribution of €0.13674 per Rabobank certificate on 29 March, 
29 June and 29 September 2021, respectively (and subsequently paid the first of such quarterly 
distributions on 29 March 2021). Rabobank intends to revert to its payment policy if the ECB 
withdraws its recommended limitation on dividend distribution. At that time Rabobank will, at its full 
discretion, decide on any future distributions, considering whether it is prudent to make a distribution 
and, if so, the level of such distribution.  
Financial year 
 
Number of
Rabobank
Participants for
calculation of the
payment 
Payment in cash (in euro per Rabobank 
Participation) 
 
 
 
 
Q1 
Q2 
Q3 
Q4 
2020 ..............................  
313,005,461 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2019 ..............................  
297,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2018 ..............................  
297,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2017 ..............................  
297,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2016 ..............................  
237,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2015 ..............................  
237,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
2014 ..............................  
237,961,365 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
€0.40625 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The payment history is no indication of future payments by the Issuer on the Rabobank 
Participations. 
Up until 2015, a dividend could be paid from the profits of Rabobank, the amount of which was 
determined by the General Meeting on the proposal of the Managing Board. In 2015 a dividend of 
€264 million was distributed to the local Rabobanks. In previous years, such distributed dividends 
to the local Rabobanks amounted to €218 million in 2014, €0 million in 2013 and €493 million in 
2012. At Rabobank Group level, these dividend distributions did not have any impact on equity. As 
a result of the legal merger on 1 January 2016 between the local cooperative Rabobanks and 
Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A., the surviving company (the Issuer) no 
longer has any shareholders nor a distribution policy.

--- Page 526 ---
526 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES OF THE ISSUER  
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Australia Branch 
Darling Park Tower 3 
Level 16, 201 Sussex Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
New Zealand Branch 
NTT Tower 
157 Lambton Quay 
Wellington 6011 
New Zealand 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. 
Thomas R. Malthusstraat 5 
1066 JR Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
(in its capacity as Dealer) 
Thames Court 
One Queenhithe 
London EC4V 3RL 
United Kingdom 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE CEDEX 
France 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores 
S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
5 King William Street 
London EC4N 7AX 
United Kingdom

--- Page 527 ---
527 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho International plc 
Mizuho House 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
TD Global Finance unlimited company 
5th Floor, One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
 
ARRANGER 
Credit Suisse Securities Sociedad de Valores S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 528 ---
528 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
AUSTRALIAN FISCAL AGENT, AUSTRALIAN REGISTRAR AND AUSTRALIAN CALCULATION AGENT
Citigroup Pty Ltd (ABN 88 004 325 080) 
Level 16 
120 Collins Street 
Melbourne VIC 3000 
Australia 
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
PAYING AGENT 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
60 Wall Street 
27th Floor — MS NYC60-2710 
New York, New York 10005 
United States 
LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
EURONEXT AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. 
Croeselaan 18 
3521 CB Utrecht 
The Netherlands 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. in respect of Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A  
1013 GE Amsterdam  
The Netherlands

--- Page 529 ---
529 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. and Coöperatieve 
Rabobank U.A. Australia Branch 
in respect of Australian law 
To Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A. New Zealand Branch
in respect of New Zealand law 
Ashurst 
Level 11, 5 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Bell Gully 
ANZ Centre 
171 Featherston Street 
Wellington 
New Zealand 
To the Dealers 
in respect of Dutch law 
in respect of United States law 
In respect of Australian law 
Linklaters LLP 
WTC Amsterdam 
Zuidplein 180 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Linklaters LLP 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 
United States 
Allens 
Level 37, 101 Collins Street 
Melbourne 3000 
Victoria 
Australia