--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the Base 
Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this page, and you are therefore required to read this 
carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the 
Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including any 
modifications to them any time you receive any information from us as a result of such access. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS 
PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO PERSONS THAT ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED ("THE SECURITIES ACT"). ANY 
FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE 
MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS 
OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR 
THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS. 
Confirmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view the Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities described in the Base Prospectus, you must be a 
person other than a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act) who 
is outside the United States. By accepting the email and accessing the Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to represent that you are not, and that any customer represented by you is not, a U.S. person; 
the electronic mail address that you have given to us and to which this e-mail has been delivered is 
not located in the U.S., its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any State of the United 
States or the District of Columbia; and that you consent to delivery of the Base Prospectus by 
electronic transmission. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a 
person into whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located, and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver 
the Base Prospectus to any other person. 
Any materials relating to the potential offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection 
with, an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a 
jurisdiction requires that the potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any 
underwriter or any affiliate of any underwriter is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, any 
offering shall be deemed to be made by the underwriter or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in 
such jurisdiction. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus may only be communicated to 
persons in the United Kingdom in circumstances where section 21(1) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 does not apply. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission 
and consequently no responsibility whatsoever will be accepted in respect of any difference between 
the Base Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and a hard copy version that may be 
made available to you.

--- Page 2 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
COOP PANK AS 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Estonia) 
EUR 750,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
 
Under this EUR 750,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the "Programme"), Coop Pank AS ("Coop" or the "Issuer" 
or the "Bank") may from time to time issue covered bonds (as defined in the Estonian Covered Bond Act; the "ECBA") 
(the "Covered Bonds"). Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer and/or registered form (respectively "Bearer Covered 
Bonds" and "Registered Covered Bonds") each denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealers (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank of Ireland"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality 
of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of 
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The 
obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Application will be made to the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") of Euronext 
Dublin and to trading on the regulated market (the "Regulated Market") of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as 
may be agreed with Coop Pank AS. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be rated by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's"). 
Moody's is established in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-andcertified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's is not established in the United 
Kingdom (the "UK") and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Accordingly, the ratings issued by Moody's will be endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. Moody's Investors Service Limited is established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") are set out in the section entitled "EU Benchmarks Regulation" in this 
Base Prospectus. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any 
change in the registration status of the administrator.  
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may 
affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
below.

--- Page 3 ---
Arranger and Dealer 
Nordea 
Dealers 
Barclays 
DZ BANK AG 
Erste Group 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
UniCredit 
 
19 February 2025

--- Page 4 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Covered Bonds will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to each 
such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche 
(the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. In 
relation to Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin, such Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses 
will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds which is 
the subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale 
of the Covered Bonds) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is 
not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in 
the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Covered Bonds) not misleading in any 
material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that 
third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme 
or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given 
or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Agents (as defined in the Conditions), nor any of their respective affiliates have 
authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or 
warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other 
than the relevant Dealer or Agent) in connection with the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds nor do 
the Dealers nor the Agents, nor any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents take any 
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer or 
Agent) in connection with the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. No fiduciary duty between the 
relevant Dealer and any investors has been created in respect of any issue and offering of the Covered 
Bonds. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of 
any Covered Bond shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to

--- Page 5 ---
- ii - 
 
 
involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial position or performance of the Issuer since the 
date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Covered Bonds, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Covered Bonds have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities 
Act") and Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or 
purchase any Covered Bonds. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. The 
Dealers have not provided any financial or taxation advice in connection with the Programme or Covered 
Bonds issued thereunder. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –  If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 6 ---
- iii - 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET  
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN BELGIUM: If the 'Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers' is specified as applicable in the applicable 'Final Terms', the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer (consumment/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as amended from 
time to time. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 750,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Covered Bonds denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds 
(calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal 
amount of Covered Bonds which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be 
increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement 
as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area. 
References to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references to "EUR", "€" 
or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended and references to "NOK" are to Norwegian kroner. 
References to the "Coop Group" or the "Group" are to Coop Pank AS and its subsidiaries. 
References to a "billion" are to a thousand million. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 7 ---
- iv - 
 
 
Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the 
rating(s) assigned to Covered Bonds already issued. Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Bank's and/or the Group's plans, objectives, goals, strategies, 
future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, 
“plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward 
looking statements. These forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”, 
“Description of the Bank”, “Financial Review” and “Market Environment” and other sections of this Base 
Prospectus. The Bank has based these forward looking statements on the current view of its management 
with respect to future events and financial performance. Although the Bank believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below 
or which the Bank has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Bank’s underlying 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Bank’s actual results of operation may vary from 
those expected, estimated or predicted.

--- Page 8 ---
- v - 
 
 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Bank's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in Estonia and the wider region in which the Bank operates; 
• 
the Bank's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments it 
is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Bank’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; and 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Bank and its 
customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Bank 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Historical financial statements 
The historical financial statements relating to the Group and incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus are: 
• 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the fourth quarter and 
twelve months ended 31 December 2024 (the "Interim Financial Statements"); 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the 
"2023 Financial Statements"); and 
• 
the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 
"2022 Financial Statements" and, together with the 2023 Financial Statements, the "Annual 
Financial Statements"). 
The Annual Financial Statements and the Interim Financial Statements are together referred to as the 
"Financial Statements". The Annual Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (the "EU") ("IFRS"). The 
Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the international financial reporting 
standard IAS 34 "Interim Financial Reporting", as adopted in the EU. Unless otherwise indicated, the 
financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Group has been derived from the Financial 
Statements. 
The Bank's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to "2023" and 
"2022" are to the 12 month period ending on 31 December in each such year. 
Auditors and unaudited information 
The 2022 Financial Statements and the 2023 Financial Statements have been audited by AS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, independent auditors, in each case in accordance with International Standards on 
Auditing, who have issued unqualified reports on the Annual Financial Statements. The Interim Financial 
Statements have not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors.

--- Page 9 ---
- vi - 
 
 
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus identified as such is unaudited financial information 
which has been extracted without material adjustment from the accounting records of the Bank which form 
the underlying basis of the Financial Statements. 
Certain non-IFRS financial information 
This Base Prospectus includes references to capital, leverage and certain other ratios. Although these ratios 
are not IFRS measures, the Bank believes that the capital and leverage ratios in particular are important to 
understanding its capital and leverage position, particularly in light of current or planned future regulatory 
requirements to maintain these ratios above prescribed minimum levels. Certain of these ratios also 
constitute Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as defined in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. See "Selected consolidated 
financial information—Selected consolidated ratios and APMs of the Group" for more information and 
explanation of each such metric’s components and calculation method. These non-IFRS measures have 
been calculated based on data derived from the Financial Statements and unaudited accounting records and 
management accounts. None of this financial information were audited, reviewed nor otherwise reported 
on by independent auditors. 
The ratios referred to above should not be used instead of, or considered as alternatives to, the Bank's 
consolidated historical financial results based on IFRS. The non-IFRS measures relate to the reporting 
periods and are not meant to be predictive of future results. They are not defined under, or presented in 
accordance with, IFRS. Management of the Bank uses APMs because the Bank believes that these measures 
are commonly used by lenders, investors and analysts. The Bank's use of the APMs and its method of 
calculating APMs may vary from other companies' use and calculation of such terms. These measures are 
presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of the Bank's financial 
performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by the Bank when managing its business. 
PRESENTATION OF OTHER INFORMATION 
Currencies 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been expressed 
in euro. The Bank's functional currency is euro and the Bank prepares its financial statements in euro. 
Third party and market share data 
This Base Prospectus contains information regarding the Bank's business and the industry in which it 
operates and competes, which the Bank has obtained from third party sources. Where third party 
information has been used in this Base Prospectus, the source of such information has been identified. 
Statistical information relating to Estonia included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from official 
public sources, including the statistical releases of the Bank of Estonia, the Estonian Statistical Office and 
the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority. All such statistical information may differ 
from that stated in other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-
off times. This data may subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such revised data 
will not be circulated by the Bank to investors who have purchased the Covered Bonds. 
In some cases, independently determined industry data is not available. In these cases, any Bank market 
share data included in this Base Prospectus is referred to as having been estimated. All such estimates have 
been made by the Bank using its own information and other market information which is publicly available. 
The Bank believes that these estimates of market share are helpful as they give prospective investors a 
better understanding of the industry in which the Bank operates as well as its position within that industry. 
Although all such estimations have been made in good faith based on the information available and the 
Bank's knowledge of the market within which it operates, the Bank cannot guarantee that a third-party 
expert using different methods would reach the same conclusions. 
Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Bank's own information.

--- Page 10 ---
- vii - 
 
 
No incorporation of website information 
The Bank is the parent company of the Group and its website is: https://www.cooppank.ee/en. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information on this website or any other 
website mentioned in this Base Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites 
(including, but not limited to, https://www.cooppank.ee/en) has not been verified, is not incorporated by 
reference into, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus, and investors should not rely on it. 
Rounding 
Certain data in this Base Prospectus has been rounded. As a result of such rounding, the totals of data 
presented in tables in this Base Prospectus may vary slightly from the arithmetic totals of such data. Where 
used in tables, the figure "0" means that the data for the relevant item has been rounded to zero and the 
symbol "—" means that there is no data in respect of the relevant item.

--- Page 11 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 38 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................................... 39 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................................................. 40 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................ 46 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS ................................................................... 74 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 90 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM .................................................................................................................................................. 91 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP............................... 94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK ........................................................................................................ 100 
FINANCIAL REVIEW ...................................................................................................................... 122 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT .............................................................................................................. 138 
THE ESTONIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET ...................................................................... 142 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL ......................................................... 149 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS ........................... 152 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION ................................................................................................. 169 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 170 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 173 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 176

--- Page 12 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction to 
this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration 
of the Base Prospectus as a whole and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer: 
Coop Pank AS 
Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 750,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp (the "Arranger") 
Description: 
Covered Bond Programme 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am 
Main 
Erste Group Bank AG  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
 
(together with the Arranger, the "Dealers") 
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the "Fiscal Agent") 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe Plc (the "Registrar") 
Currencies: 
Covered Bonds may be denominated in Euros or in any other currency 
or currencies, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Method of Issue: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Covered 
Bonds of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Covered Bonds of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save that 
a Tranche may comprise Covered Bonds of different denominations. 
Denominations: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements), save that the minimum denomination of each 
Covered Bond will be EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Listing and Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on its regulated market. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued as covered bonds under the ECBA 
and will constitute direct and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 13 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
The Covered Bonds will be covered by a cover pool comprising the 
claims of the Issuer arising from Mortgage Loans (as defined in the 
Conditions) and certain other types of assets which qualify as 
substitute cover assets under the ECBA and are registered in the cover 
register maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the ECBA 
("Cover Pool"). The Covered Bonds will rank pari passu among 
themselves and with Derivative Instruments (as defined in the 
Conditions) registered in the cover register and included in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the ECBA. On declaration of the Issuer's 
bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the 
Covered Bonds together with the Cover Pool (including the Derivative 
Instruments) ("Covered Bond Portfolio") will be separated from 
other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form an independent pool 
of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and 
to be used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of 
the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments and to cover the 
expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio.  
Pursuant to the ECBA, the separation of the Covered Bonds Portfolio 
will not affect the liability of the Issuer for the claims arising from the 
Covered Bonds. If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes insolvent, to 
the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the 
Covered Bonds are not satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy 
proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual claims of the 
Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as 
may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
The statutory cover conferred on holders of the Covered Bonds by the 
ECBA extends to Mortgage Loans owned by the Issuer and other 
certain other types of assets which qualify as substitute cover assets 
under the ECBA (together "Eligible Assets") included in the Cover 
Pool. The composition of the portfolio of such Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for 
example, the inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans and other 
Eligible Assets to and from the Cover Pool from time to time by the 
Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of the requirements of the ECBA. 
Claims of the Covered Bondholders will not be backed by assets of 
the Issuer which do not qualify for this purpose or which are not 
included in the Cover Pool, nor will any security be taken over the 
Issuer's rights under any agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme or Covered Bonds issued thereunder. 
The rights of the Covered Bondholders shall be subject to any present 
or future Estonian laws or regulations relating to the insolvency, 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms in 
Estonia which are or will be applicable to the Covered Bonds only as 
a result of the operation of such laws or regulations. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or (2) 
pursuant to a Drawdown Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds will be the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The price and amount of 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Covered Bonds may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and may 
vary during the lifetime of the relevant series. 
Forms of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered 
Bonds") or in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds"). Bearer 
Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Registered Covered 
Bonds and Registered Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for 
Bearer Covered Bonds. No single Series or Tranche may comprise 
both Bearer Covered Bonds and Registered Covered Bonds. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of 
either a temporary global covered bond (the "Temporary Global 
Covered Bond") or a permanent global covered bond (the 
"Permanent Global Covered Bond"), in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each a "Global Covered Bond"). Each Global 
Covered Bond which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
form ("NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a depositary or a 
common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Covered 
Bond which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant issue 
date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Covered Bond will be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Covered Bonds. 
Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition 
precedent to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond or receipt of any payment of interest in respect of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
 
Each Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds in accordance with its terms. Definitive 
Covered Bonds will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, 
if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons. 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be represented by 
either Individual Covered Bond Certificates or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond which is not intended to be 
held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping 
Structure" or "NSS"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will 
be registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will 
be deposited on or about the issue date with the common depositary. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond intended to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
will be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or its 
nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered 
Covered Bond will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 15 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled in 
accordance with the Conditions, Covered Bonds will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the Maturity Date. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to certain Conditions, and if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Covered Bonds may be redeemed before the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (as described in Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)). No redemption at the 
option of the Covered Bondholders is permitted. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above (and subject to 
certain conditions), early redemption will only be permitted for tax 
reasons, as described in Condition 9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Extended Maturity Date: 
The relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may 
be, may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
If: 
(a) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
an insolvency, winding-up or similar event (as more fully 
described in Condition 9(i)(i)(B)) has occurred in respect of 
the Issuer, or the EFSA otherwise resolves on the separation 
of the Covered Bond portfolio from the Issuer on the grounds 
stipulated in the ECBA; and  
(c) 
as a result of such an event, the Covered Bonds are not 
redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days 
thereafter,  
the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such 
Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of the 
Conditions will be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity 
Date, subject as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. In 
that event, the Issuer shall redeem the outstanding principal amount of 
such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Extended Maturity Date. In addition, all or any part of the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds may be redeemed on any 
Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In each of the above scenarios, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Covered Bondholders and to the Paying Agents in 
accordance with Condition 9(i)(i)(C). 
 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and, as a result of any of the events specified in Condition 9(i) 
(Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) the Covered Bonds 
are not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount or within three Business Days thereafter, the 
Covered Bonds will bear interest on the principal amount outstanding 
of such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed and 
will be payable in arrear or as otherwise provided for in the relevant 
Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date at 
the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds with an Extended Maturity Date, those 
Covered Bonds may be issued as fixed rate, floating rate, or zero 
coupon in respect of the period from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date and issued as fixed rate or floating 
rate in respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity Date to 
(but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are non-interest bearing to the 
Maturity Date and for which an Extended Maturity Date applies, the 
initial outstanding principal amount on the Maturity Date for the 
above purposes will be the total amount otherwise payable by the 
Issuer but unpaid on the applicable Covered Bonds on the Maturity 
Date. 
Asset Monitor:  
KPMG Baltics OÜ has been appointed pursuant to an asset monitor 
agreement dated 28 June 2024 (the "Asset Monitor Agreement") as 
an independent monitor to perform the tasks of a cover pool monitor 
which are provided in the ECBA (including carry out the required tests 
in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions as described in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Events of Default and Cross 
Acceleration:  
The Covered Bonds will not provide for events of default entitling 
Covered Bondholders to demand immediate redemption and will not 
provide for a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and together with Euroclear, the 
"ICSDs") and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves 
certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its respective obligations under the Covered Bonds 
are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be 
used for the general banking and other corporate purposes of the 
Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds shall be governed by English law, except for: 
(i) 
Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds);

--- Page 17 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the provisions relating to coverage of the Covered Bonds and 
the Coupons pursuant to the ECBA; and 
(iii) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds, where 
provisions of Estonian laws mandatorily apply to covered 
bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia,  
which shall be governed by Estonian law. 
Ratings: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme may be rated by Moody's. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the EEA, the UK, Japan and the Republic 
of Estonia, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 18 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Covered Bonds is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Before making any 
investment decision, prospective investors should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties associated 
with an investment in the Covered Bonds, the Bank's business and the countries and markets in which it 
operates, together with all of the other information that is included in this Base Prospectus. Prospective 
investors should also consult their own financial and legal advisers about the risks associated with an 
investment in the Covered Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds in light of their 
particular circumstances, without relying on the Bank. Should one or more of the events or circumstances 
described as risks below occur at the same time or separately, this could have a material adverse effect on 
the Bank. As used in this section, "material adverse effect" and related expressions when used in relation 
to the Bank mean that the Bank's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, business, prospects 
and/or reputation could be materially adversely affected and/or the value of the Covered Bonds could 
decline and these factors could result in an investor losing part or all of its investment. 
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Bank becoming unable 
to make all payments due. Whilst the Bank believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds the Bank may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of 
events outside of the Bank's control. Factors which the Bank believes may be material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds are also described below. 
The Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds, but the Bank may be unable to pay amounts due in connection with the Covered Bonds for 
other reasons and the Bank does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding the 
Covered Bonds are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP  
The Group's operations and assets are principally located in Estonia and, accordingly, the Group is 
exposed to general economic conditions in Estonia  
The Bank is an Estonian bank and the vast majority of its assets and business are located in Estonia. 
Reflecting this fact, the Group is affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions in Estonia, 
changes in which are outside the Group's control. The Estonian economy is a small open economy that is 
closely linked to the global economy and especially to macro-economic conditions in European countries. 
Global macroeconomic conditions may, for example, be adversely affected by geopolitical tensions, 
conflicts and/or expansion of sanctions, or the imposition of further international trade tariffs such as those 
proposed by the US at the start of 2025). The prolongation of such geopolitical tensions, sanctions and 
political uncertainty, or the imposition of further international trade tariffs could negatively impact 
economic growth and business operations, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Estonian economy.  
For a discussion of economic trends impacting the Group in Estonia, see "Market Environment".  
The main driver of growth in Estonia's economy has been domestic demand (led by private consumption 
and investments) and exports to EU countries.  
Real gross domestic product ("GDP") in Estonia contracted by 0.11 per cent. in 2024 according to the 
Estonian Statistical Office flash estimate (2023: -3.1 per cent.). Growth in the Estonian consumer price 
index has been among the highest in Europe in recent years, amounting to 3.52 per cent. in 2024 (2023: 9.2 
per cent.), which may have an impact on the ability of the Group's customers to service their debts. The 
European Central Bank ("ECB") has started to decrease central key interest rates to support the economy, 
Estonian private and corporate customers are predominantly financed on a floating rate basis and as such 
the impact of these decreases is expected to be imminent. However, the Estonian economy is an open 
 
1 Source: https://www.stat.ee/en/news/gdp-flash-estimate-economy-contracted-01-q4 
2 Source: https://www.stat.ee/en/news/consumer-price-index-rose-35-2024

--- Page 19 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
economy and its growth relies on the economic success of its main trading partners. Greater friction in 
global trade could weigh on the euro area's growth by dampening exports, increasing inflation and 
weakening the global economy. Lower confidence could also prevent consumption and investment from 
recovering as fast as expected. This could be amplified by geopolitical risks, which could disrupt energy 
supplies and further weigh on global trade. Growth could also be lower if the lagged effects of monetary 
policy tightening last longer than expected3. This could result in an adverse impact on the Estonian economy 
and could impact the creditworthiness of the Group's borrowers. Further deterioration in the Estonian 
economy could have a negative impact on the financial position and profitability of the Group. 
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of borrowers and other counterparties due to its lending 
activities 
The Group's debtors may be unable to repay their debts to the Group in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant contract and the loan collateral securing the Group's claims against debtors might 
be insufficient to satisfy the Group's claims in full. The Group's claims against central banks and credit 
institutions, as well as its financial investments, are also exposed to credit risk. The recoverability of the 
credit given to customers can be adversely affected by circumstances which are beyond the Group's control, 
such as negative changes in the overall economic, political or regulatory environment, or a decrease in 
collateral value. The Group implements reserves for expected credit losses in accordance with the 
applicable requirements, including IFRS requirements; however, such reserves are established based on 
available information, estimates and assumptions, which are subject to uncertainty. The Group has created 
a loss allowance for expected credit losses, but there is no assurance that the reserves will cover all the 
potential credit losses. Further, although the Group regularly conducts stress tests on its credit portfolio to 
assess the financial effect of potential negative scenarios on the Group's capital, such tests are based on 
available information and historical market behaviour which might not be adequate in future situations. 
Materialisation of credit risks may have significant adverse effects on the Group's financial results and 
profitability. 
The Group's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans received are 
concentrated in Estonia 
Geographically, the Group's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans 
received are concentrated in Estonia.  
As at 31 December 2024, the Group's loans and advances to customers accounted for 81.1 per cent. of its 
total assets compared to 75.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2024, 99.2 per cent. of 
the Group's loans and advances to customers were classified as "Estonian risk", meaning that the borrowers 
are Estonian entities or individuals. As at 31 December 2023, the comparative percentage was 99.1 per 
cent.  
The only other materially significant class of assets on the Group's statement of financial position is the 
amounts due from the Estonian Central Bank (representing demand deposits and mandatory reserve kept in 
the Estonian Central Bank), other financial institutions and cash which represented 15.7 per cent. of the 
Group's total assets as at 31 December 2024 compared to 21.6 per cent. of its total assets as at 31 December 
2023. 
As at 31 December 2024, the Group's deposits from customers and loans received were EUR 1,886.1 
million, equal to 86.2 per cent. of its total liabilities and shareholders’ equity compared to EUR 1,721.8 
million, or 86.7 per cent. of its total liabilities and shareholders’ equity as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 
December 2024, 81.5 per cent. of the Group's deposits from customers and loans received were classified 
as Estonian risk, meaning that the depositors are Estonian entities. As at 31 December 2023, the 
comparative percentage was 86.9 per cent.  
 
3Source: https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/press_conference/monetary-policy-
statement/shared/pdf/ecb.ds250130~1ac86112bf.en.pdf

--- Page 20 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Accordingly, any deterioration in general economic conditions in Estonia or any failure by the Group to 
effectively manage its geographic risk concentrations could have a more significant adverse effect on its 
business than on that of a more geographically diversified banking group. 
The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations 
The Group considers concentration risk as part of credit and liquidity risk. Concentration risk arises from 
the distribution of existing customers and claims arising from transactions made with customers among the 
customers operating in different areas of activity. If loans are concentrated in one specific area, the Group 
is also exposed to the risks related to this area. In accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (as 
amended, the "CRR") of the European Parliament and of the Council, an institution's exposure to a client 
or group of connected clients shall be considered a large exposure where its value is equal to or exceeds 10 
per cent. of its eligible capital. The Group follows the principle of credit risk diversification according to 
areas of activity, geographical areas within Estonia, and products, and diversifies the portfolio of loans 
granted to a group of connected corporate entities in order to keep the total share of large exposures (>10% 
of eligible capital) well below risk limits.  
As at 31 December 2024, loans granted to private individuals (including outstanding limits not in use) form 
51.8 per cent. of the whole credit portfolio of the Group (including outstanding limits not in use), and loans 
to granted to corporate entities form 48.2 per cent. of the whole credit portfolio of the Group, of which 40.5 
per cent. have been granted to companies engaged in the real estate sector and 14.2 per cent. have been 
granted to wholesale and retail companies. As the Group's credit activity is concentrated in the Estonian 
market, it means that any negative developments relating to the wellbeing of the Estonian economy, 
primarily within the real estate and wholesale sectors, may have a material adverse effect on the Group. 
Notable market decline in the Estonian property market, but also in wholesale and retail sale industry, may 
lead to increased credit losses and the need for additional allowances, which in turn would have an adverse 
effect on the Group's financial performance and financial position. In addition, as at 31 December 2024, 
the Group has six customer groups towards whom the risk position exceeds 10 per cent. of the Group´s 
eligible capital, with a total value of EUR 151.1 million, which forms 82.7 per cent. of the Group´s eligible 
capital. The largest single position is EUR 30.7 million.  
Liquidity concentration risk refers to the risk that arises if the Group relies heavily on a limited number of 
funding sources. This concentration can make the Group vulnerable to liquidity shortages if those sources 
become unavailable or become more expensive. The share of the Group's 20 largest depositors of the total 
customer deposits and loans received was 21.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2024 compared to 22.2 per cent. 
as at 31 December 2023. As at 31 December 2024, there were eight customers whose deposits and loans 
exceeded 1 per cent. of the Group's total customer deposits and loans received and their deposits and loans 
received amounted to an aggregate of EUR 249.7 million. As at 31 December 2023, there were seven 
customers whose deposits and loans exceeded 1 per cent. of the Group's total customer deposits and loans 
received and their deposits and loans received amounted to an aggregate of EUR 245.6 million. 
Materialisation of concentration risk may have a significant adverse effect on the Group's operations, 
financial position and performance. See also "The Group's operations and assets are principally located in 
Estonia and, accordingly, the Group is exposed to general economic conditions in Estonia" and "The 
Group's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans received are 
concentrated in Estonia" above.   
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding 
commitments, as they become due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a 
number of enterprise-specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, 
for example, short-term and overnight funding and, particularly in the Group's case, demand deposits), 
changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and major disasters.  
The Group's assets have, on average, a longer maturity than the Group's funding sources. The Group has 
historically principally relied on deposits from customers, which are mainly repayable on demand or short-
term and generally low cost in nature, to meet most of its funding needs. For example, as at 31 December 
2024, deposits and loans received from customers amounted to 95.4 per cent. of the Group's total liabilities

--- Page 21 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
(31 December 2023: 95.6 per cent.). As at 31 December 2024, demand deposits amounted to 30.3 per cent. 
of total deposits and loans received from customers (31 December 2023: 28.7 per cent.) and term deposits 
amounted to 69.2 per cent. of total deposits and loans received from customers (31 December 2023: 70.7 
per cent.).  
The availability of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to factors outside the Group's control, including 
possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, and this could result in a significant outflow of 
deposits within a short period of time or may cause the Group to increase the return paid on its deposits to 
ensure that it retains a sufficient amount of deposits. As part of its liquidity risk management strategy, the 
Group makes assumptions in relation to the potential deposit outflows which could occur at times of stress. 
For example, demand deposits raised from retail customers are assumed to be a relatively stable source of 
funding based on historical behaviour analysis. Nevertheless, they are contractually repayable on demand. 
If any of these assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Group could face unplanned liquidity outflows which 
have not been taken into account in the Group's liquidity contingency plans and funding plans.  
As at 31 December 2024 only 9.0 per cent. of the Group's total funding (which comprises deposits from 
customers and loans received and subordinated debt) had a remaining contractual maturity in excess of one 
year (31 December 2023: 7.5 per cent.). The Group may experience outflows of deposits at times when 
liquidity is constrained generally in Estonia or when its major depositors experience short- or longer-term 
liquidity requirements. 
In addition, the Group's deposits are geographically concentrated and the Group is reliant on certain large 
deposits from a limited group of customers. 
The Bank has not previously issued bonds internationally. Even after making the relevant arrangements, 
including the establishment of this Programme by the Bank, the Group may not be able to raise funds from 
money and/or capital markets. Access to, and the cost of financing through, money and capital markets are 
affected, among other things, by general interest rate levels, the situation on the financial markets, 
downturns in the performance of market participants and the Group's own capital adequacy and credit 
ratings.  
If a substantial portion of the Bank's depositors, or any of its largest depositors, withdraw their demand 
deposits or do not roll over their time deposits at maturity, the Group may need to seek other sources of 
funding or may have to sell, or enter into sale and repurchase or securitisation transactions over, certain of 
its assets to meet its funding requirements. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain 
additional funding as and when required or at prices that will not affect its ability to compete effectively 
and, if the Group is forced to sell assets to meet its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a 
result.  
In extreme cases, if the Group is unable to refinance or replace such deposits with alternative sources of 
funding to meet its liquidity needs through deposits, the interbank markets, the international capital markets 
or through asset sales, this would have a material adverse effect on its business generally and could 
potentially result in its insolvency. 
The Group could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other financial 
institutions and counterparties 
In the connected landscape of global and European finance, the stability and performance of the Group can 
be significantly influenced by the soundness or perceived soundness of other financial institutions and 
counterparties. This interconnectedness means that the Group has both direct and indirect credit exposures 
to various financial institutions and counterparties, and in general, the perceived soundness of other 
institutions can influence market confidence. As at 31 December 2024, the Group's total assets held in other 
financial institutions (excluding funds held in the Estonian Central Bank) amounted to EUR 24.2 million, 
representing 1.1 per cent. of the Group's assets. The biggest exposure towards one counterparty was EUR 
19.6 million. As at 31 December 2024, the Group's total liabilities held against other financial institutions 
was EUR 38.3 million. representing 1.7 per cent. of the Group's total assets. If these entities were to face 
financial difficulties, it could adversely affect the Group's financial position and impact the Group's 
operations. The potential risks arising from fluctuations in the soundness or perceived soundness of other 
financial institutions and counterparties include the risk that counterparties may default on their obligations

--- Page 22 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
leading to financial losses, the risk that market disruptions caused by the financial instability of other 
institutions could affect the Group's liquidity position, and the risk that association with financially troubled 
institutions could harm the Group's reputation and stakeholder confidence. To mitigate these risks, the 
Group employs several strategies including diversifying its exposure across a broad range of counterparties 
to reduce concentration risk, conducting thorough due diligence and continuous monitoring of the financial 
health of its counterparties, implementing robust risk management practices, including stress testing and 
scenario analysis, to assess and prepare for potential adverse impacts from the materialisation of such risks 
and developing and maintaining contingency plans to ensure operational resilience in the face of financial 
instability in the broader market. However, these measures may not be fully effective in all circumstances, 
and the materialisation of such risks may therefore have an adverse effect on the Group's operations, 
financial position and performance. 
The Group is exposed to reputational risks related to its operations and industry 
Maintaining a positive reputation is important in the banking sector, particularly as regards a financial 
institution's solvency and liquidity position, and any deterioration in the Group's reputation may reduce its 
competitiveness and perceived trustworthiness in the market. The publication of negative information, or 
information that is perceived negatively, about the Group may have an adverse effect on its reputation 
among the public, investors and customers regardless of the accuracy of the information. The Group relies 
on the "Coop" brand and its good reputation when competing for customers. Rumours and speculation as 
to the Group's solvency and liquidity position may cause deposit outflows, and the Group's ability to control 
this may be limited.  
The Group shares the "Coop" brand of Coop Eesti Keskühistu with the stores of the consumer co-operatives 
belonging to the Coop retail trade chain. The activities and reputation of the Coop retail trade chain may 
therefore directly and indirectly impact the Group's reputation. Future decisions regarding the business of 
the Group and its choice of services and products may have a negative impact on the "Coop" brand and the 
reputation of the Group. In addition, disputes in which the Group's companies are involved, and external 
factors which affect the financial sector, could also influence public perceptions of the "Coop" brand and 
the Group's reputation.  
The Group is exposed to strategic risk as a result of its growth phase  
Strategic risk is the risk of losses arising from poor or sub-optimal strategic decisions or the inability to 
successfully implement a chosen strategy. The Group is currently in a growth phase, and so it considers 
itself to be more exposed to strategic risk than if it were in a more stable phase of its development. Whilst 
the Group is focused on implementing a rigorous business plan, and supports its growth by employing 
specialists with long-term experience in banking and/or business, there can be no assurance that the Group's 
strategic decisions will prove to be optimal or that such strategies will be implemented effectively. The 
materialisation of such risks may have a significant negative effect on the Group's operations, financial 
position and results of operations. 
The Group could be adversely affected by market risks 
The Group's trading, investment and lending activities are susceptible to market risk. Market risk arises 
primarily in interest rate product markets, foreign exchange and stock markets, and activities involving the 
provision of finance such as lending operations, and take the form of interest rate risk, currency risk and 
price risk. These risks, each of which are explained further below, materialise through changes in interest 
rates, exchange rates and prices of financial assets, respectively. Whilst the Group seeks to combat these 
risks through internal controls, such as the imposition of conservative limits on the acceptable level of risk 
within the Group's investment activities and the level of open foreign currency risk, there can be no 
assurance that such controls will be effective in all circumstances. The materialisation of any such market 
risks may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial position and performance.  
Investment Risk 
The Group's main assets subject to price risk are investments in bonds. The value of the Group´s debt 
securities at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio was EUR 37.8 million as at 31 
December 2024 (EUR 36.4 million as at 31 December 2023) of which government debt securities accounted

--- Page 23 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
for 81.9 per cent. (82.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2023), debt securities of credit institutions accounted 
for 9.2 per cent. (12.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2023), and debt securities of other non-financial 
companies accounted for the remainder. All debt securities are EUR denominated. The price risk of the 
debt securities portfolio is mainly affected by the maturity date, coupon and currency of the debt securities 
as well as possible changes in interest rates. The Group calculates the price risk of the financial investment 
portfolio using the Value at Risk ("VaR") method which estimates the possible financial losses across a 12 
month period. The largest possible loss of the government bond portfolio calculated with historical VaR 
for 1 year horizon and at 99 per cent. probability as at 31 December 2024 was EUR 2.0 million.  
Exchange Rate Risk 
Changes in exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the financial performance of the Group. Currency 
risk is defined as the risk arising from differences in the currency structure of the Group's assets and 
liabilities. Changes in currency exchange rates cause changes in the value of assets and liabilities, as well 
as the amount of income and expenses measured in the functional currency. The Group limits currency risk 
and maintains minimum foreign currency positions required for the provision of services to customers. The 
total amount of open currency positions as at 31 December 2024 was EUR 0.16 million (31 December 
2023: EUR 0.15 million). The Group's currency risk exposure is therefore limited. However, future foreign 
exchange rates may be affected by complex political and economic factors (such as relative rates of 
inflation, interest rate levels, the balance of payments between countries, the monetary, economic and trade 
policies pursued by the governments of the relevant currencies, and exchange rate devaluation or 
appreciation). For example, if exchange rates were to change by 10 per cent., the Group's potential losses 
would amount to EUR 0.02 million. Additionally, as the Group's foreign currency risk management is based 
on risk policies, limits and internal procedures, which, however, may turn out to be inadequate and 
accordingly, the materialisation of foreign currency risk may have an adverse effect on the financial results 
of the Group. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The operations of the Group, and particularly those of the Bank and Coop Liising, are inherently exposed 
to interest rate risk, and the amount of interest income earned materially affects the revenues and 
profitability of the operations of the Group. The levels of interest income could be affected by unforeseen 
adverse changes in interest rates. The Group has evaluated that as at 31 December 2024, according to the 
European Banking Authority’s ("EBA") Standard Outlier Test4 a decrease of short-term interest rates would 
have the most negative impact on its net interest income in the amount of EUR -3.2 million. The EBA 
Standard Outlier Test for economic value as at 31 December 2024 has the most negative outcome on the 
Group in the circumstance of a rates parallel shift of -200 basis points, resulting in a negative effect on 
economic value of EUR -3.6 million. It should be noted, however, that the Group has concluded the vast 
majority of its loan agreements with minimum interest rates (base rate floors) such that any interest rate 
index (Euribor) below zero would not be used and floor 0 per cent. is applied in such cases to the base rate. 
The Group manages interest risk by controlling the weighted average interest repricing gap of assets and 
liabilities in different currencies and monitoring the structure thereof. As at 31 December 2024, the Group 
has no equity trading positions nor has it used interest rates derivatives and has no such contracts in force, 
however the Group may use interest rate derivates in the future if needed. Furthermore, interest rates are 
affected by numerous factors beyond the Group's control and may not be accurately estimated. Such 
fluctuations may cause a mismatch between the interest income earned from the Group's lending operations 
and the interest costs paid on its interest-bearing liabilities. This may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's operations, financial position and performance. 
The Group may be materially adversely affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine  
The global and European economic and political environment has been influenced by the Russian war 
against Ukraine since 24 February 2022. This aggression was followed by comprehensive sanctions against 
Russian and Belarusian leaders and companies. The war has put additional pressure on the growth of energy 
and commodity prices. Whilst Estonian companies have been able to rearrange supply chains and adjust 
consumption, and the Group has been able to manage related risks including credit and AML-related risks 
successfully to date, there is no certainty that this will continue or that there will not be a further 
 
4  Source: 
https://www.eba.europa.eu/activities/single-rulebook/regulatory-activities/supervisory-review-and-evaluation-process-
srep-and

--- Page 24 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
deterioration in the geopolitical and economic environment as a result of Russia's war against Ukraine. 
Should any such risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the financial position and 
profitability of the Group.  
Exposure to market practices of other participants in financial markets transactions 
The possibility of the Group participating in derivatives transactions could be negatively affected by the 
business practices of other market participants. Given the interconnected nature of financial markets, any 
failure by other participants to adhere to prudent business standards may lead to widespread liquidity issues 
or systemic market disruptions. Such events could limit the Group's access to the derivatives markets and 
financing. In particular, failures related to money laundering concerns, especially within the banking sectors 
of Estonia and the Baltics, may impair the Group's ability to secure the capital it requires and increase the 
cost of such acquiring capital. Additionally, the Group faces counterparty risks from its relationships with 
a variety of market participants in derivative trading. Should these parties fail to meet their obligations, it 
may expose the Group to default risks with its own counterparties, which could significantly affect the 
Group's financial health and operations.  
The Group is exposed to operational risks 
The Group is exposed to a range of operational risks. In particular, the Group is exposed to the risk of loss 
as a result of employee misconduct and improper practice and through any failure of the Group's 
Information Technology ("IT") systems. 
Operational risk is arises from malfunctions or deficiencies in the Group's information systems, personnel 
or external factors causing damage to or disturbance in the Group's daily business activities. Operational 
risk includes information systems risk, information security risk, physical security risk, process risk, 
personnel risk, legal risk, compliance risk, work environment risk and loss of property risk. The Group 
conducts operational risk self-assessments, in the course of which the main operational risks arising in the 
Group's operations and the action plan for mitigating and minimising these risks are detected and assessed. 
One of the substantial operational matters covered in the Group's operational risk self-assessments is the 
need for a functional alternative place of operation and back-up servers, along with the operational 
capability to switch operations over to the alternative place of operations, when needed. Since 2023, the 
Group has been nominated as a 'Vital Service Provider' (“Elutähtsa Teenuse Osutaja, ETO” in Estonian) 
responsible for providing reliable and continuous payment and cash services. To meet these expectations, 
the Group has improved its readiness and capabilities via contingency planning exercises. The capital 
allocated for covering operational risks in line with the regulatory method of assessing operational risk was 
EUR 18.3 million as at 31 December 2024 to cover operational risk of EUR 112.7 million. Due to 
operational risk incidents, the Group incurred financial losses of EUR 0.07 million in 2024. The Group's 
information systems and rules of procedures are regularly revised, and the Group maintains special 
insurance against fraud and cyberattacks, to minimise losses caused by operational matters. However, the 
materialisation of operational risks may nonetheless have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
operations, financial position and results of operation.  
The Group is dependent on its IT systems and any disruption to these systems could materially 
disrupt the Group's business 
The Group has developed and uses several important information technology systems and web-based 
applications in its everyday operations. Any failure of, or significant disruption to, the Group's IT systems 
could prevent the Group from conducting its operations. Additionally, should the Group's rapid growth 
trajectory of recent years continue, the Group's existing information technology systems may no longer 
fully comply with the Group's needs. The Group is currently redeveloping its core IT system to replace it 
with a modular one which is more flexible and therefore more compatible with the Group's ongoing growth. 
The activities of the Group require correct and safe processing of vast amounts of data, which is often 
confidential. As part of its business operations, the Group processes personal and banking data received 
from its customers, which is subject to data protection and banking secrecy regulations and legislation. 
Should the Group fail to adhere to its information security-related obligations, such as if someone were to 
unlawfully gain access to confidential information or such information is unlawfully modified, the Group 
could bear significant costs. Additionally, ensuring compliance with the Group's data protection and

--- Page 25 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
banking secrecy-related obligations is expensive and time-consuming. Changes in such regulations and 
legislation may impose more burdensome obligations on the Group and lead to a greater risk of non-
compliance. Any issues regarding compliance with such obligations may cause disruptions or delays in the 
Group's ability to serve its customers, which could affect the Group's reputation and customers' willingness 
to use the Group's services, and may lead to customers filing claims for damages against the Group. Such 
matters may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial position, and results of 
operations. 
The Group also depends on its IT systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate and 
timely basis and to store and process substantially all of the Group's business and operating data. The proper 
functioning of the Group's financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, 
customer service, and other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between its branches and 
main data processing centres, are critical to its business and its ability to compete effectively. The Group's 
business activities would be materially disrupted if there were a partial or complete failure of any of these 
IT systems or communications networks. Such failures can be caused by a variety of reasons, some of 
which are outside the Group's control, including natural disasters, extended power outages, and computer 
viruses and other external electronic attacks. The proper functioning of the Group's IT systems also depends 
on accurate and reliable data and other system inputs, which are subject to internal human errors. Any 
failure or delay in recording or processing transaction data could subject the Group to claims for losses and 
regulatory fines and penalties. There can be no assurance that the Group's IT safeguards will be fully 
effective in the event of a disaster or that they will protect the Group from all losses that could occur. 
The Group's business is dependent on its IT systems which are subject to potential cyber-attack  
As a financial institution, the threat of security breaches and cyberattacks to the security of the Group's 
information and customer data presents a real and growing risk to the Group's business. Activists, rival 
nation states and cyber criminals are among those targeting IT systems around the world. Risks to 
technology and cyber-security evolve and change rapidly, requiring the Group's continued focus, 
monitoring and investment in preventative measures. Given the increasing sophistication and scope of 
potential cyberattacks, it is possible that future attacks may lead to significant breaches of security. A failure 
to adequately manage cybersecurity risk and continually monitor, review and update current processes in 
response to new threats could have a number of adverse effects on the Group, including disruption to its 
business, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information, significant financial and/or legal exposure 
and damage to its reputation.  
The Group's risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks 
Financial institutions operate in a complex landscape where effective risk management is paramount to the 
stability and success of each institution. The Group is committed to maintaining robust risk management 
policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, control, and monitor various risks, relying on a risk 
management framework that encompasses a multi-layered approach. This approach includes continuous 
monitoring and assessment of potential risks across all operational areas, utilisation of advanced analytical 
tools and methodologies to quantify risk exposure, implementation of policies and procedures to mitigate 
identified risks, and regular review and reporting of risk metrics to ensure timely identification and 
response. 
Despite the Group's rigorous risk management practices, there remains the possibility of exposure to risks 
that have not been identified. These unidentified risks may arise from matters including rapid changes in 
market conditions or economic environments that were not previously anticipated, new technologies that 
introduce unforeseen vulnerabilities or operational challenges, or from sudden changes in regulatory 
requirements that impact the Group's risk profile. The materialisation of any such unidentified or 
unanticipated risk may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial position and 
results of operations. 
The Group's internal compliance systems might not be fully effective in all circumstances 
The Group has established a compliance framework that includes formulation of detailed policies and 
procedures to guide operations and ensure regulatory compliance, regular training programs to enhance

--- Page 26 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
employee awareness and understanding of compliance requirements, continuous monitoring and periodic 
audits to assess compliance with established policies and regulations, and implementation of robust 
reporting mechanisms to identify and address compliance issues promptly. Despite these measures, there 
are inherent limitations that may affect the effectiveness of the Group's compliance systems. For example, 
the rapidly evolving regulatory landscape can introduce new requirements that may not be immediately 
integrated into the Group's compliance systems, or there may be human error in the implementation and 
monitoring of compliance procedures, limitations in technology that hinder the detection and prevention of 
compliance breaches, or unanticipated events or conditions that expose gaps in the compliance framework. 
To mitigate these limitations, the Group employs several strategies such as regular review and enhancement 
of compliance policies, procedures to adapt to changing regulatory requirements and operational conditions, 
investment in advanced compliance technologies to improve monitoring and detection capabilities, and 
adoption of a risk-based approach to prioritising compliance efforts and resources towards areas of highest 
risk. The Group is also actively engaged with regulatory bodies, industry groups, and other stakeholders to 
stay informed of emerging compliance trends and best practices. However, these measures may not ensure 
adherence to all regulatory requirements and internal policies in all circumstances. Any contravention of 
such requirements or policies may have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations, financial 
position and results of operations.  
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and changes in this regulation, or the interpretation or 
enforcement of this regulation, or any failure by the Group to comply with this regulation could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group  
The Group provides various financial services and products and is therefore subject to extensive 
regulations, the compliance with which is subject to regular state supervision. The Group operates in highly 
regulated areas of activity and the operations of the Group are subject to a number of laws, regulations, 
policies, guidelines and codes of conduct which might change. In recent years, the regulations regarding 
banking activities and the financial sector have changed extensively in Estonia, the European Union and 
internationally. Further regulatory changes, both those known (for example, the CRR III and CRD VI 
Package, as described below under "The Group may need to raise capital and other regulatory funding and 
it may not be able to do so as and when needed on commercially attractive terms") and currently unknown, 
can be expected in coming years. There are also several new regulations that have recently come into force 
(for example, Regulation (EU) No. 2022/2554 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 December 2022 on digital operational resilience for the financial sector (DORA)) in respect to which 
consistent practice and interpretation can be anticipated to emerge. Since 2025, the Group also has to meet 
requirements established by the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) that mandates 
comprehensive and transparent disclosure of sustainability related information. Regulations applicable to 
banks and the financial sector have become more onerous, and regulatory authorities' powers have been 
expanded, since the 2008–2009 financial crisis. Further regulatory changes and developments may, for 
example, affect the capital and liquidity requirements of banking activities, bringing about additional costs 
and obligations for the Group. Changes could also be made to the rules that apply to the Group's business 
management. New regulations may force the Group to reduce its risk level, scope of business activity and 
lending in certain activities. New regulations generally also increase the administrative burden on regulated 
entities, which brings about higher compliance costs and lower profitability. The inability to properly 
comply with the implementation deadlines established with the new regulations may result in coercive 
measures (including penalty payments of up to 10 per cent. of annual net turnover) by the supervision 
authorities. 
The International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") regularly reviews the financial accounting 
standards that are applicable to the Group's accounting and financial reporting. Changes related to these 
matters are difficult to predict and may have a significant effect on how the Group presents and reports its 
financial position and results. In some cases, the Group may be obliged to apply new and amended standards 
retroactively, as a result of which the previously compiled financial information has to be restated. 
Accounting principles and methods are the basis to presenting and reporting the Group's financial position 
and results. The executive management of the Group has to exercise its judgement in the process of 
interpreting and applying accounting principles and methods to ensure that the Group operates in 
compliance with the IFRS. Any changes in the accounting or financial reporting standards applicable to the 
Group may significantly affect the financial position and results presented in the Group's financial 
reporting.

--- Page 27 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
Further, the Bank is a public company with shares and subordinated bonds listed on the Nasdaq Tallinn 
Stock Exchange. Being a listed company imposes various obligations and rules for, among other things, 
providing information to investors, handling insider transactions, and treating investors according to 
specific regulations. Violations of these rules may result in actions from Nasdaq Tallinn or supervising 
authorities, including imposing monetary penalties on the Group or its management, or, in extreme cases, 
criminal liability for the management of the Group. While the Group is not aware of any violations of these 
regulations, and as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no pending cases based on relevant 
regulations, no assurances can be given that the Group will at all times remain fully compliant with all such 
applicable rules.  
The Group may need to raise capital and other regulatory funding and it may not be able to do so as 
and when needed on commercially attractive terms 
The capital of banks and investment firms in the EU is subject to the legal framework of the CRR, and 
Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "CRD"), and their implementing acts, as well as the 
resolution framework, including Directive 2014/59 establishing a framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended, the "BRRD"). The requirements 
imposed under this framework have been constantly evolving over time and can be expected to undergo 
further developments in the future. For instance, in June 2024, further amendments to the CRR and the 
CRD for the purposes of the implementation of the final elements of the international Basel III agreement 
(the "CRR III and CRD VI Package") were adopted at the EU-level. Among other things, the CRR III 
and CRD VI Package will introduce changes to the calculation of risk weighted assets for credit risk, 
operational risk, and market risk for institutions. Whilst many of the new requirements have already come 
into force, some of the changes are scheduled to be applied and are required to be transposed in 2026 or 
later. The amendments to the legal framework of capital and prudential requirements will likely necessitate 
further changes to the Group's operations, including the Group's procedures, rules and reporting systems, 
as well as to the calculation systems of the capital requirements applicable to the Group.  
Currently, the Group is required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital equal to 8.00 per cent. of 
its risk exposure amounts, which must be covered by a combination of common equity Tier 1 capital, 
additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. In addition to these so called minimum Pillar 1 requirements, 
the applicable prudential regulation also prescribes the combined buffer requirement. For the Group, the 
combined buffer requirement is comprised of:  
• 
the countercyclical buffer which as at the date of this Base Prospectus stands at 1.50 per cent.; 
• 
the systemic risk buffer which currently stands at 0.50 per cent. but could be raised by competent 
authorities in the future; and 
• 
the capital conservation buffer which currently stands at 2.50 per cent. 
The combined buffer requirement applies to the total risk exposure amount and must be met by common 
equity Tier 1 own funds. 
In addition to the minimum own funds requirements and mandatory buffers described above, the competent 
authorities may require additional so called Pillar 2 capital to be maintained by a credit institution relating 
to elements of risk which are not fully captured by other own funds requirements. The Pillar 2 requirement 
applicable to the Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus equalled 2.75 per cent. Additionally, 
competent authorities can set Pillar 2 guidance, which stands at a level of 1.50 per cent. as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The Pillar 2 capital requirement and the Pillar 2 guidance are subject to an annual 
review by the competent authorities as part of the supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP"). 
In addition to regulatory requirements, a variety of other factors may affect the Group's need for additional 
capital and eligible liabilities. For example, a significant increase in lending, reduced profitability or any 
losses experienced by it would reduce its capital adequacy. The Group has internally set additional buffers 
above mandatory requirements and guidance in order to be fully compliant in case of such events. The 
Group may also need to increase its capital or eligible liabilities as a result of market perceptions of adequate 
capitalisation levels and the perceptions of rating agencies.

--- Page 28 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
As part of the crisis resolution plan provided for in the BRRD, the minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities ("MREL") obliges banks and banking groups to have sufficient own funds and 
unsecured long-term liabilities that can be used to cover losses under the crisis resolution plan. The 
competent authorities have set the MREL level at 10.61 per cent. as total capital adequacy at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. The required MREL ratio is low due to the relatively small size of the Group, but it 
is possible that in coming years the Bank or the Group will have to fulfil additional MREL requirements 
above the capital adequacy requirements, in which event the Group shall issue eligible debt instruments. 
The Group may need to obtain additional capital and eligible liabilities in the future to support the growth 
of its business. Such capital and funding, whether in the form of debt financing or additional equity, may 
not be available on commercially favourable terms, or at all. Moreover, should the Group's capital ratios 
fall close to regulatory minimum levels, the Group's own internal minimum levels or the MREL 
requirement established by the regulator, the Group or any of the Group's subsidiaries may need to adjust 
their business practices, including reducing the risk and leverage of certain activities or limiting asset 
growth. If either the Group or any of the Group's subsidiaries are unable to maintain satisfactory capital 
adequacy and MREL ratios, the Group's credit ratings may be lowered, its cost of funding may increase 
and it may suffer regulatory sanctions. Any such development may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to money laundering activities and sanctions violations 
The money laundering, corruption and terrorist financing prevention and international sanctions regulations 
applicable to the financial sector have been, and continue to be, made stricter. The risk that banks and other 
financial institutions may be exploited for money laundering or terrorist financing purposes has increased 
worldwide. Violation or even suspected violation of any regulations preventing abuse of the financial 
system may lead to serious legal and/or reputational consequences for the Group, which in turn may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group. 
The Group is consistently focused on the prevention of money laundering ("AML"), combating terrorist 
financing ("CFT") and compliance with international sanctions. Among other things, the Group assesses 
on an ongoing basis its customer base, and due diligence measures are applied in compliance with the 
AML/CFT risk level assigned to the client. The Group applies know your customer ("KYC") principles 
and updates customer data. Despite these measures, instances of non-compliance may arise, such as where 
the customer's risk level has been incorrectly determined based on insufficient data, and any such non-
compliance may have a material adverse effect on the Group.  
The Group is subject to the risk of changes in tax regulations reducing its profitability 
Estonian tax regulations are subject to change. For example, as a result of the separate corporate income 
tax ("CIT") regime targeted specifically at Estonian resident credit institutions, these institutions are 
required to make quarterly advance payments of income tax on the profit they earned in the previous 
quarter. Companies operating in other sectors remain subject to the general corporate income tax regime 
under which profit is subject to taxation only upon distribution.  
 Since 1 January 2025 advance payments of CIT must be made at a rate of 18 per cent. (previously 14 per 
cent.) pursuant to the Income Tax Act.  Estonian credit institutions have the right to set-off the CIT payable 
from dividend distributions or distributions from their equity capital against the advance CIT payments that 
had been previously made to the tax authority under the advance payment arrangement described above. 
Furthermore, since 1 January 2025, the standard CIT rate for dividend and equity capital distributions has 
increased from the previous rate of 20 per cent. to 22 per cent. and the reduced CIT rate of 14 per cent. 
applied to regular dividend payments has been abolished. The increase in the applicable CIT tax rate has 
reduced the own funds of credit institutions and tightened their ability to issue loans. The advance CIT has 
a more significant impact on credit institutions in an active growth phase, such as the Group, as it reduces 
the own funds of the institution. Additionally, the Estonian Parliament has passed the Security Tax Act, 
introducing a temporary 2 per cent. profit tax on unconsolidated accounting profits before tax, applicable 
to companies (including credit institutions) from 2026 until the end of 2028. Furthermore, from 1 July 2025, 
the value added tax rate will increase by 2 per cent., rising from 22 per cent. to 24 per cent. This value 
added tax increase is also temporary and will remain in effect until the end of 2028. Both changes could 
adversely impact the Bank's tax costs and overall profitability.

--- Page 29 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Similar changes or any other changes in Estonian tax regulations or in their interpretation may also have 
material adverse effect on the Bank's operations, financial position and results of operations. It cannot be 
ruled out that new or additional taxes that may affect the Bank may be implemented in the future. For 
instance, other Baltic countries have recently taken steps to impose a banking tax. While no official 
proposals have been made and no legislative initiative has been taken in Estonia for the introduction of such 
a banking tax, no assurance can be given that such similar tax will not be introduced in Estonia at any time 
in the future.   
A negative change, or perceived negative change, in the Bank's credit rating could limit its ability to 
raise funding and may increase its borrowing costs 
The Issuer currently has foreign- and local currency long- and short-term issuer deposit ratings of Baa2 
(outlook: positive) and P-2, respectively, from Moody's. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may 
be rated by Moody's. These credit ratings are an important factor in determining the Group's cost of 
borrowings. 
There is no assurance that the Bank's rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the 
rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A downgrade, or 
increased risk of a downgrade, of the Bank's credit rating, or a negative change in its outlook, may: 
• 
limit the Group's ability to raise funding; 
• 
increase the Group's cost of borrowing; and 
• 
limit the Group's ability to raise capital. 
In addition, actual or anticipated changes in the Bank's credit rating may negatively affect the market value 
of the Covered Bonds. 
Moody's notes three factors which, if they materialise, could lead to a future downgrade of the Bank's 
deposit rating: 
• 
there is a weakening in the Bank’s solvency ratios, in particular if the non-performing loans ratio 
rises above 2 per cent.;  
• 
net income to tangible assets falls below 1 per cent.; and  
• 
the funding profile weakens through an increasing share of more price sensitive deposits. 
In addition, the credit ratings assigned to the Bank may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to an investment in the Covered Bonds, the market, additional factors discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities. A rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by an assigning 
rating organisation. 
The Group may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could 
have an adverse effect on its business and its ability to implement its strategy 
As the Group operates in a highly competitive market and in a highly-regulated area of activity, the 
performance results of the Group depend to a great extent on the Group's ability to recruit and retain 
qualified, skilled and experienced staff. To maintain the competitiveness of the Group, and to implement 
strategies and operate in compliance with regulatory requirements, the Group must recruit and retain 
competent and skilled employees in all business segments of the Group. Additionally, key personnel have 
specific knowledge and skills of high importance for maintaining and enhancing the competitiveness of the 
Group. For example, the Group uses the services of a third-party service provider to manage and develop 
IT systems. In case the contract with the service provider is terminated, it might prove difficult to find 
personnel with the required skills and experience. The Group has so far been able to recruit the required 
employees from Estonia. To mitigate the risk pertaining to qualified personnel, it may be possible to hire 
employees from elsewhere in Europe, considering the free movement of workers within Member States of

--- Page 30 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
the European Union. However, this could prove difficult as the working language of the Group is Estonian, 
which means that hiring from other countries would require certain changes, including the creation of an 
English working environment in the Group. The failure to hire qualified employees and retain the key 
personnel would have a material adverse effect on the Group.  
The Group operates in a highly competitive market which may adversely affect its results of 
operations if it is unable to compete effectively 
The Group competes not only with credit institutions, but also with various creditors and payment 
institutions. The financial services market in which the Group operates is highly competitive, with both 
established market participants and newcomers. The Group competes mainly in the area of universal 
banking activities with both domestic credit institutions and large Scandinavian banking groups operating 
in the Estonian market in the areas of retail, corporate and investment banking. The market share of the 
Group based on the value of deposits was 6 per cent. and based on the value of loans was 6 per cent., as at 
30 June 20245. As regards the value of assets, the market share of the Group as at 31 December 2024 was 
4.8 per cent.6 Considering the large investments into new technologies by all financial institutions, the 
Group faces growing competition for all product and sales channels. Tight competition in the financial 
sector might also lead to bigger price pressure on the Group's products and services, which may have an 
adverse effect on the Group's business operations, financial position and operating results. Stronger 
competition in the field of deposits might lead to an increase in funding costs for the Group. 
In addition, new entrants, such as financial technology companies offering web-based financial services, 
compete with banks more and more for customers and market share. The development of the relationship 
between financial technology companies and traditional banks is an apparent trend and can materially affect 
the existing market structure of banking services.  
If the Group fails to respond to the competitive environment in its target markets by offering attractive and 
profitable product and service solutions, it may affect the Group's competitiveness, market share, growth 
potential, customer base and, therefore, its business operations, financial position and financial results may 
suffer.  
The Group is subject to legal risks  
The Group is subject to extensive regulatory requirements deriving from various laws. Several authorities, 
including the Estonian Financial Supervision and Resolution Authority, the Consumer Protection and 
Technical Supervision Board, the Estonian Tax and Customs Board and other authorities regularly perform 
supervision over the Group's business. The administrative practice and interpretation of different laws and 
requirements by such supervisory and other authorities may change over time. To achieve the purposes of 
the supervision and compliance with the laws and requirements applicable in the relevant field, the 
supervisory authorities are authorised to take various administrative and sanctioning measures against the 
market participants, such as the Bank and other Group members, from issuing precepts and making 
inquiries to imposing large-scale fines. Such activities of national supervision authorities and the negative 
effects thereof on the public reputation resulting therefrom may have an adverse effect on the Group's 
financial position and results of operations. 
 
 
 
 
5 Source: Based on the statistics of the Estonian Finantsinspektsioon: https://www.fi.ee/sites/default/files/fi_eft_2024_eng.pdf 
6 Source: Based on the statistics of the Bank of Estonia: https://statistika.eestipank.ee/#/en/p/645/r/2690/2479 , calculated as: Coop 
Annual Report 2024 “Total Assets” / Bank of Estonia statistics for the whole market “Total assets 31/12/24”.

--- Page 31 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE COVERED BONDS 
Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets and 
Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
Default of the Issuer's assets (in particular assets in the Cover Pool) or an inability to supplement the Cover 
Pool with Eligible Assets could jeopardise the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Covered Bonds in 
full or on a timely basis.  
Under the ECBA in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus, to comply with the statutory requirements, 
the Issuer must ensure that (i) the nominal value of the total amount of the Cover Pool continuously exceeds 
the liabilities covered by at least five per cent. and (ii) if the known redemption value of the Covered Bonds 
is higher than their nominal value at the time of issue, the Cover Pool must, in addition to meeting the 
requirement set out in item (i), have a nominal value at least equal to the redemption value of the Covered 
Bonds. Where assets included in the Cover Pool no longer satisfy the above criteria, the Issuer is required 
to supplement the Cover Pool with additional Eligible Assets. In case of defaults of the Issuer's assets 
resulting in such assets ceasing to satisfy the criteria of Eligible Assets or a lack of Eligible Assets due to 
any other reason, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to add to the Cover Pool to meet such referred 
statutory requirement. Furthermore, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's 
assets, the Issuer is not permitted under the ECBA to make any transactions with the assets in the Covered 
Bond Portfolio and therefore, no addition of assets to the Cover Pool can be expected following the 
occurrence of a separation event which may occur due to, among other things, a declaration of bankruptcy 
or a moratorium in respect of the Issuer; termination of the validity of the credit institution licence or 
additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds held by the Issuer; the passing of a court ruling providing 
for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer; receiving an authorisation from the Estonian Financial Supervision 
and Resolution Authority (Finantsinspektsioon) (the "EFSA") for voluntary dissolution or discontinuation 
of the issuance of Covered Bonds; or where the EFSA resolves that the Covered Bond Portfolio should be 
separated from the Issuer's assets on the grounds provided in the ECBA. 
If: (i) the present value of the Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
Covered Bonds and from the Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses of 
management of the Covered Bond Portfolio or (ii) the Cover Pool or the income receivable from the Cover 
Pool is not sufficient to settle a rightful claim of at least one Covered Bondholder or at least one counterparty 
to a Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and the situation is not temporary due to the 
financial standing of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered Bond portfolio will be deemed insolvent and 
the EFSA may apply to court for the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. To the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool are not met out of the Cover Pool 
in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the Covered 
Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative Instruments included in the Cover Pool may submit their 
claims arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments against the Issuer or its bankruptcy 
estate, but such residual claims of the Covered Bondholders and counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments included in the Cover Pool will not be preferred claims, will rank pari passu with the unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application) and may thus not be satisfied in full. 
Credit risk of the Issuer 
An investment in Covered Bonds is subject to credit risk. The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations arising 
from the Covered Bonds and the ability of the holders of the Covered Bonds to receive payments arising 
from the Covered Bonds depends on the financial position and the results of operations of the Issuer, which 
are subject to other risks described in this Base Prospectus.  
The statutory cover conferred on holders of Covered Bonds by the ECBA extends to Mortgage Loans 
owned by the Issuer and other Eligible Assets included in the Cover Pool. Upon the declaration of the 
Issuer's bankruptcy and upon the occurrence of certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the Covered 
Bond Portfolio will be separated from the other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and will form an 
independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be used solely 
to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of any counterparties to Derivative Instruments included 
in the Cover Pool and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. If

--- Page 32 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio it becomes evident that the Cover Pool or proceeds 
therefrom are insufficient to discharge all liabilities arising from the Covered Bonds and Derivative 
Instruments recorded in the cover register and such situation is not temporary or the present value of the 
Cover Pool does not cover the present value of the relevant liabilities (such situation may occur, for 
instance, due to circumstances described under the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets or an inability to 
supplement the Cover Pool with Eligible Assets and Insolvency of the Covered Bond Portfolio"), the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be deemed insolvent and the EFSA may apply to court for the initiation of 
bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes 
insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual claims of 
the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. Should the Issuer's assets be insufficient to satisfy the residual claims of the Covered 
Bondholders and all relevant obligations of the Issuer ranking ahead of or pari passu with such claims, the 
Covered Bondholders may lose some of their investment. 
No ownership rights 
An investment into the Covered Bonds is an investment into debt instruments, which does not confer any 
legal or beneficial interest in the equity of the Issuer or any of the subsidiaries thereof or any voting rights 
or rights to receive dividends or other rights which may arise from equity instruments. The Covered Bonds 
represent a debt obligation of the Issuer, which is covered by the assets in the Cover Pool, and which grants 
the Covered Bondholders only such rights as set forth in the Conditions.  
There is no active trading market for the Covered Bonds 
There can be no assurance that a liquid market for the Covered Bonds will be maintained. The investors 
may find it difficult to sell their Covered Bonds or to sell them at prices producing a return comparable to 
returns on similar investments in the secondary market. 
The Covered Bonds are new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there is currently 
no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated 
with and form a single series with a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is already issued). If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, no liquidity of any market in the Covered Bonds can be assured; 
nor the ability of the holders of the Covered Bonds to sell their Covered Bonds or the prices at which they 
would be able to sell their Covered Bonds. 
If the Covered Bonds are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount or at a premium 
to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, 
general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. It is possible that the market for the 
Covered Bonds will be subject to disruptions or volatility. Any such disruption or volatility may have a 
negative effect on holders of the Covered Bonds, regardless of the Issuer's prospects and financial 
performance. As a result, there is no assurance that there will be an active trading market for the Covered 
Bonds. If no active trading market develops, you may not be able to resell your holding of the Covered 
Bonds at a fair value, if at all. 
Although an application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin 
there can be no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance 
as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls 
The Issuer will predominantly pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in Euro (the "Specified 
Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if a holder of the Covered Bonds 
financial activities is denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency

--- Page 33 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, holders of the Covered Bonds may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds. Particularly long-term fixed-rate Covered Bonds involve 
a high risk of a material decline in value if the market rate exceeds the rate paid in accordance with the 
fixed-rate Covered Bonds. On the other hand, holders of Covered Bonds that are subject to redemption at 
the option of the Issuer should not expect, in case of falling market rates, that the price would substantially 
exceed the redemption price. The yield to maturity on the Covered Bonds is affected by a number of factors 
that cannot be predicted at the time of the investment. 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specifies otherwise, 
in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Covered 
Bonds due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specify that 
the Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer's option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may 
choose to redeem the Covered Bonds at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such 
circumstances a holder of the Covered Bonds may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market 
value of the Covered Bonds. During any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able, elect to 
redeem the Covered Bonds, the market value of the Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Because the Global Covered Bonds are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, holders of the Covered Bonds will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with the Issuer 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds. 
Such Global Covered Bonds will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the 
relevant Global Covered Bond, holders of the Covered Bonds will not be entitled to receive Definitive 
Covered Bonds. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Covered Bonds. While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered 
Bonds, holders of the Covered Bonds will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their participants. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bonds the Issuer will discharge 
its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to 
their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Covered Bond must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the relevant Covered Bonds. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders

--- Page 34 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right under the Global Covered 
Bonds to take enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Covered 
Bonds but will have to rely upon their rights under the Deed of Covenant. 
Regulation and reform of EURIBOR or other "benchmarks" could adversely affect any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
The euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") and other rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform, with further changes anticipated. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds became applicable from 1 January 2018. The 
EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the 
use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other requirements of the benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise, 
or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final statement, 
announcing completion of its mandate. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered 
Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. Furthermore, 
even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and the potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the 
Covered Bonds, the return on the Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities (including the 
Covered bonds) linked to or referencing the same benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, any benchmark, including EURIBOR 
will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause any such benchmark to perform differently 
than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted.

--- Page 35 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" set out below provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that a published benchmark such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark 
may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in the Conditions) otherwise occurs in respect of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions). 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined in the Conditions), with the application 
of an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions) (which could be positive, negative or zero), and 
may include amendments to the Conditions to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as 
determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in consultation 
with the Independent Adviser) and as more fully described in Condition 6(h) (Benchmark Replacement). It 
is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, including any 
Adjustment Spread, may result in the Covered Bonds linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the 
Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. In addition, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser of the Issuer, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
expected at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered 
Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may be subject to statutory resolution 
The BRRD sets out the necessary steps and powers to ensure that bank failures across the EU are managed 
in a way which mitigates the risk of financial instability and minimises costs for taxpayers. The BRRD is 
designed to provide authorities with a harmonised set of tools and powers to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system.  
For this purpose, the BRRD grants supervisory authorities various rights including (but not limited to) a 
statutory "write-down and conversion power" (exercisable in relation to Tier 1 capital instruments and 
Tier 2 instruments) and a 'bail-in and loss absorption' power (exercisable in relation to other securities that 
are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments), which gives the recovery and resolution authority under the 
BRRD and the SRM Regulation (the "Relevant Resolution Authority"), the power to cancel all or a 
portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain unsecured liabilities (which could include Covered 
Bonds, with the exception that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot be applied to Covered 
Bonds issued in accordance with the ECBA and the financial instruments used for hedging purposes which 
are secured in a way similar to Covered Bonds, to the extent they are secured) of a failing financial 
institution and/or to convert certain debt claims (which could include the Covered Bonds, with the exception 
that the bail-in and loss absorption mechanism cannot be applied to Covered Bonds issued in accordance 
with the ECBA and the financial instruments used for hedging purposes which are secured in a way similar 
to Covered Bonds) into another security, including equity instruments of the surviving Issuer entity, if any. 
The BRRD is implemented into Estonian law by the Estonian Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution 
Act (the "FCPRA"). For more information on the implementation of the BRRD in Estonia, see "The 
Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive" below. 
As well as a "write-down and conversion power" and a "bail-in and loss absorption" power as described 
above, the powers granted to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD include the power to (i) 
direct the sale of the relevant financial institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms 
without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the procedural requirements that would 
otherwise apply, (ii) transfer all or part of the business of the relevant financial institution to a "bridge bank" 
(a publicly controlled entity) and (iii) transfer assets of the relevant financial institution to an asset 
management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time. In addition, among the broader powers granted 
to the Relevant Resolution Authority under the BRRD, the BRRD provides powers to the Relevant 
Resolution Authority to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt instruments or

--- Page 36 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
other eligible liabilities of the relevant financial institution and/or impose a temporary suspension of 
payments. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used to ensure that Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital instruments 
fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of an institution (or, if applicable, its group) and before any 
other resolution action is taken.  
The general bail-in and loss absorption powers set out in the BRRD are not intended to apply to secured 
debt (such as the Covered Bonds) and accordingly, the FCPRA provides that: (i) the bail-in and loss 
absorption tool may not be applied to, inter alia, covered bonds and financial instruments included in a 
covered bond portfolio and used for hedging purposes that are secured in a way similar to covered bonds; 
and (ii) the application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool may not affect the cover pool and upon the 
application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, the cover pool shall remain segregated and with enough 
funding. However, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not met out of the assets 
comprising the Cover Pool (and the Covered Bonds subsequently rank pari passu with unsecured debt), the 
Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any application of the general 
bail-in and loss absorption powers, which may result in the Covered Bondholders losing some or all of their 
investment. Further, while the legal framework established under the BRRD has been implemented in 
Estonia for some time now, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate nature and scope 
of the bail-in and loss absorption powers under the BRRD and how they could affect the Issuer, the Group 
or the Covered Bondholders, and there can be no assurance that the manner in which it is implemented or 
the taking of any actions by the Relevant Resolution Authority contemplated in the BRRD would not 
adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, the price or value of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
In addition to the BRRD, the EU has adopted the SRM Regulation, a directly applicable regulation 
governing the resolution of the most significant financial institutions in the Eurozone, i.e. a regulation 
establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism for them. The SRM Regulation establishes a single European 
resolution board (consisting of representatives from the ECB, the European Commission and the relevant 
national resolution authorities) (the "Resolution Board") having resolution powers over the entities that 
are subject to the SRM Regulation, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national resolution 
authorities. Currently, the Issuer and Coop Group do not fall under the direct supervision of the ECB and, 
accordingly, the Issuer and Coop Group do not currently fall under the remit of the Resolution Board, 
however, it cannot be ruled out that the Issuer and/or Coop Group may become subject to ECB’s direct 
supervision and directly subject to the SRM Regulation in the future. 
Under the SRM Regulation, the Resolution Board has been granted those responsibilities and powers 
granted to the member states’ resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to direct 
supervision by the ECB. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the BRRD 
so that the Resolution Board is able to apply the same powers (including the bail-in and loss absorption tool 
and the mandatory write-down and conversion power described above) that would otherwise be available 
to the relevant national resolution authority. The use of one or more of these tools will be included in a 
resolution scheme to be adopted by the Resolution Board. National resolution authorities will remain 
responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the Resolution Board. 
The Resolution Board is responsible for preparing and adopting a resolution plan for the entities subject to 
its powers. It also determines, after consulting competent authorities, including the ECB, the MREL 
requirement which the supervised institution or its group is expected to meet at all times. The Resolution 
Board also has the powers of early intervention as set forth in the SRM Regulation, including the power to 
require the institution to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of the institution. 
The Resolution Board has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers under the SRM 
Regulation. These will be launched if the Resolution Board assesses that the following conditions are met: 
(i) the institution is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, 
there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures or supervisory action or the 
write-down or conversion of relevant capital instruments, taken in respect of the institution, would prevent 
its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The exercise of any resolution powers or early intervention measures or any powers pursuant to BRRD and 
the SRM Regulation, if and as applicable with respect to the Issuer or any suggestion of such exercise will 
likely materially adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Covered Bonds and/or the ability

--- Page 37 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Covered Bonds and could lead to the holders of the 
Covered Bonds losing some or all of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Estonian resolution legislation implementing the BRRD Directive 
The BRRD is implemented in Estonia by the FCPRA. Under the FCPRA, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority is the EFSA. The FCPRA provides the Relevant Resolution Authority with certain resolution 
measures, including the power to impose in certain circumstances a suspension of activities. Any 
suspension of activities of the Issuer can result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of 
agreements entered into by the Issuer. More broadly, the FCPRA includes all the resolution powers and 
measures stipulated in the BRRD, including (i) a forced sale of the credit institution (sale of business), (ii) 
the establishment of a bridge institution bank, or, (iii) the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights 
or obligations of the credit institution (asset separation) and (iv) the application of the general bail-in and 
loss absorption tool.  
The powers set out in the resolution legislation will impact how credit institutions are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The bail-in and loss absorption tool is not intended to apply 
to secured debt, and hence should apply to Covered Bonds only to the extent that the amounts payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the value of the cover pool against which payment of those amounts 
is secured. However, there remains significant uncertainty as to the ultimate nature and scope of the bail-in 
and loss absorption tool and how it would affect the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer.   
While the FCPRA also transposes the general principles and safeguards regulated under the BRRD, 
including the so-called NCWO safeguard (i.e. the principle stating that no creditor of the institution subject 
to resolution shall incur greater losses than would have been incurred if the institution had been wound up 
under insolvency proceedings), their operation of this principle in various circumstances is not entirely 
clear on the basis of the manner of transposition of this principle into the FCPRA, in particular, in cases 
where write-down and conversion powers are used independently outside of resolution proceedings. 
If the debt bail-in and loss absorption tool and the statutory write-down and conversion power become 
applicable to the Issuer, the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on any 
application of the bail-in and loss absorption tool, which may result in Covered Bondholders losing some 
or all of their investment. Subject to certain conditions, the terms of the obligations owed by the Issuer may 
also be varied by the Relevant Resolution Authority (e.g. as to maturity, interest and interest payment dates). 
The exercise of any power under the resolution legislation or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, the price or value of their investment in any 
Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Covered Bonds. 
There remains uncertainty regarding how the rights and tools available under the FCPRA would affect the 
Issuer, the price or value of an investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer's ability to satisfy its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, it is not possible to assess the full potential impact of 
the FCPRA. The Covered Bonds may under certain circumstances described above be part of the claims 
and debts in respect of which the Relevant Resolution Authority could use the bail-in and loss absorption 
powers to write-down or convert the principal of the Covered Bonds. There can be no assurances that the 
FCPRA and the SRM Regulation could not adversely affect the price or value of an investment in Covered 
Bonds subject to the provisions thereof and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such 
Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisers as to the 
consequences of the implementation of the FCPRA and the SRM Regulation. 
Changes in laws or administrative practices could entail risks 
The conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on the laws of England in effect as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Covered Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to the laws of England or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the Issuer operates in a heavily regulated environment and has to comply with extensive 
regulations in the Republic of Estonia (including but not limited to the Estonian Credit Institutions Act and 
other laws and regulations regulating the activities of credit institutions). No assurance can be given as to 
the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to laws or administrative practices of Estonia after 
the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
Denominations of the Definitive Covered Bonds may be illiquid 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Covered 
Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of the minimum Specified Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case a Covered Bondholder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination may not receive Definitive Covered Bonds in respect of such holding (should Definitive 
Covered Bonds be printed) and may need to purchase a principal amount of Covered Bonds such that its 
holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that Definitive Covered 
Bonds which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the larger the remaining term of such 
securities the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Conflicts may arise between the interests of the Calculation Agent and the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Covered Bondholders, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent makes 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Covered Bondholders during the 
term of the Covered Bonds and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial 
group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of 
which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Covered Bondholders during the term and on the maturity of the Covered 
Bonds or the market price, liquidity or value of the Covered Bonds and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Recognition of choice of court agreements and enforcement of foreign judgements in Estonia 
In accordance with Condition 22(b) (English courts), the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds). In accordance with Condition 22(d) 
(Rights of the Covered Bondholders to take proceedings outside England), notwithstanding Condition 22(b) 
(English courts), any Covered Bondholder may take proceedings relating to a dispute in any other courts 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Covered Bondholders may take concurrent proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
The recognition of the choice of jurisdiction of English courts and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments of English courts would be assessed and carried out in Estonia in accordance with the Hague 
Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements and the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure, if 
and as applicable. On 27 June 2024, the UK ratified the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the 
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Judgements in Civil or Commercial Matters (the "Hague 2019 
Convention"), which will enter into force on 1 July 2025. The Hague 2019 Convention provides for the 
mutual enforcement of judgements between the UK and other contracting states, including EU member 
states, in proceedings commenced after the Hague 2019 Convention comes into force in the UK. 
Asymmetric and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be covered by the Hague 2019 Convention, and 
will apply to judgements given in proceedings initiated after the Hague 2019 Convention comes into effect, 
regardless of when the agreement was made.

--- Page 39 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
The validity of the parties' agreement on jurisdiction, including as stipulated in Condition 22(d) would be 
assessed by Estonian courts in accordance with, firstly, the Hague Convention on the Choice of Court 
Agreements, and, secondly, the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. The provisions of the Estonian Code of 
Civil Procedure would also apply to recognition of choice of court and enforcement of judgments of courts 
of other countries which are not subject to the Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgements 
in civil and commercial matters (recast), or international agreements or conventions.  
The Estonian Code of Civil Procedure stipulates that parties are generally free to contractually agree on a 
jurisdiction of their choice, provided that, among others, the contract is concluded in the course of their 
business activities, in writing or in a format which can be reproduced in writing and does not relate to a 
matter in respect of which the exclusive jurisdiction of Estonian courts is stipulated by the Estonian Code 
of Civil Procedure. In order to be valid, the relevant agreement concerning applicable jurisdiction should 
not in bad faith exclude a party's right to use Estonian jurisdiction. The validity of asymmetric jurisdiction 
clauses is not expressly regulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure and is untested in the practice of 
the Estonian Supreme Court. With respect to the recognition of judgments of foreign courts, the Estonian 
Code of Civil Procedure provides that a court may refuse, on the application of an interested party, to 
recognize the judgment based on the grounds stipulated in the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. Such 
grounds include, above all, conflict with public policy, failure to deliver the action and procedural 
documents to the defendant, existence of the conflicting court decisions and inappropriate jurisdiction, 
amongst others. 
Thus, subject to the entry into force of the Hague 2019 Convention, the ability of Covered Bondholders to 
bring proceedings against the Issuer in English courts or other foreign courts and the recognition and 
enforcement of the judgements of English courts and other foreign courts in Estonia may be subject to 
limitations and conditions arising from, as applicable in each particular situation, the international 
agreements or conventions or the Estonian Code of Civil Procedure. 
Recognition and enforcement of choice of English law to govern the Covered Bonds and procedural 
rules applied in court proceedings in Estonia  
In accordance with Condition 22(a) (Governing Law), the Covered Bonds are generally governed by 
English law, save for Condition 4 (Status) governing the status of the Covered Bonds and provisions 
relating to the coverage of the Covered Bonds as prescribed by the ECBA and other provisions where the 
mandatory rules of Estonian law apply. The recognition of choice of law to govern any contractual 
obligations would, in a situation where a relevant dispute is brought to an Estonian court (and provided that 
such Estonian court has jurisdiction over the dispute) be decided by the Estonian court in accordance with 
the Regulation (EC) 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 June 2008 on the law 
applicable to contractual obligations and the Estonian Private International Law Act, if and as applicable. 
In accordance with the foregoing rules, as a general principle, an agreement shall be governed by the law 
chosen by the parties and, by their choice, parties may select the law applicable to the whole or part of the 
agreement. However, a foreign law chosen by the parties shall not be applied by Estonian courts in certain 
circumstances, above all, if: (i) application of a provision of foreign law is manifestly incompatible with 
the public policy ("ordre public") of Estonia; (ii) provisions of foreign law allow the parties to deviate 
from the provisions of Estonian law that have extraterritorial application or overriding mandatory 
provisions; or (iii) the substance of the applicable foreign law cannot be established by the Estonian court, 
regardless of all reasonable efforts, within a reasonable time. In such circumstances Estonian courts may 
apply Estonian law instead. 
Further to the above, in any proceedings taken in Estonian courts or other authorities for the enforcement 
of the Covered Bonds, the courts and the authorities would apply procedural rules of Estonian law, and the 
enforcement would thus be subject to the limitations arising from Estonian law. Such limitations include, 
inter alia, that the enforcement of the Covered Bonds in Estonian courts may be subject to restrictions based 
upon principles of reasonableness and fairness, statutory limitations for filing of claims and the general 
discretionary authority of the courts to mitigate damages. In addition, restrictions on the enforcement of the 
Covered Bonds could (depending on the circumstances) arise from applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
moratorium and other laws of general application relating to or affecting generally the enforcement of 
creditors' rights and remedies from time to time in effect.

--- Page 40 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
Any of the above may adversely affect the enforcement by Covered Bondholders of their claims against 
the Issuer arising from the Covered Bonds.  
Laws applicable to assets included in the Cover Pool 
The claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure such claims, which form part of the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool, are governed by their contractual terms and various mandatory legal 
requirements and limitations arising from applicable laws, including mandatory consumer protection 
requirements, as well as rules and requirements relating to the right to enforce mortgages and dispose of 
the relevant property. To the extent that such requirements may restrict, limit, hinder or even prohibit certain 
actions in respect of the enforcement of the claims under the Mortgage Loans and the mortgages that secure 
such claims, there is a risk that the ability of the Issuer to realise the assets in the relevant Cover Pool may 
be delayed or may result in an increase in the costs of enforcement, that may ultimately lead to a reduced 
return to the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Sharing of the Cover Pool 
Under the ECBA, Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments) are given a 
statutory priority in the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer in relation to the assets entered into the cover 
register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. Accordingly, notwithstanding that the Issuer has 
entered into liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings (as well as upon certain other events prescribed in the 
ECBA), the Cover Pool shall separate from the Issuer and will form an independent pool of designated 
assets and the Covered Bondholders (along with counterparties to Derivative Instruments and persons 
entitled to satisfy their claims for the account of the Cover Pool by operation of law) have the right to 
receive payment before all other claims against the Issuer out of the proceeds of the Cover Pool. As 
described in more detail under the risk factor "Default of Issuer's Assets", if the Covered Bond Portfolio 
becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
are not met out of the Cover Pool, in the bankruptcy proceedings carried out in relation to the Covered 
Bond Portfolio the residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will rank pari passu with the unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Covered Bondholders will not have any preferential right to the 
Issuer's assets other than those entered into the cover register as collateral in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Given the pari passu ranking of the Covered Bonds and Derivative Instruments under the ECBA, in the 
event of the Issuer's liquidation or bankruptcy, the amount available to be paid to Covered Bondholders out 
of the Cover Pool on a prioritised basis may be affected by the amounts payable at the relevant time to 
counterparties of Derivative Instruments. 
The funds accrued from the assets entered in the Cover Pool of the Covered Bonds after the separation of 
the Covered Bond Portfolio are repaid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and Derivative Instruments and in accordance with provisions of the ECBA. 
Transfer of the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio 
In case the Covered Bond Portfolio (consisting of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool and the Derivative 
Instruments entered into the Register) is separated from the Issuer, the Cover Pool administrator may, upon 
the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which is permitted to issue, in the country where 
it is established, covered bonds meeting the conditions provided for in Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council (the "Covered Bond Directive"). Upon such transfer, all rights 
and obligations related to the Covered Bond Portfolio being transferred, including the liabilities arising 
from the Covered Bond Portfolio before the transfer of the rights and obligations, shall be transferred to the 
acquirer. The proceeds received from transfer of the Covered Bond Portfolio in its entirety shall be used to 
cover the expenses of management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses 
are covered shall be included by the Cover Pool administrator in the Issuer's bankruptcy estate or other 
assets. It should be noted, however, that there can be no assurance as to whether there will be a trading 
market for the collateral in the Cover Pool or an eligible transferee to take over the obligations relating to 
the Covered Bonds and the corresponding collateral after the insolvency of the Issuer or separation of the 
Covered Bond Portfolio.

--- Page 41 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Upon any such transfer, whether the Covered Bondholders receive all payments to which they are entitled 
under the Covered Bonds, and the value of the Covered Bonds may be affected by the financial standing of 
the transferee of the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
Failure of the Cover Pool to meet the requirements of the ECBA  
The Issuer will be required under the ECBA to comply with certain requirements of the ECBA as long as 
there is any Covered Bond outstanding. Under the ECBA, if the Cover Pool does not fulfil the requirements 
provided for in the ECBA, then the EFSA may (depending on the circumstances and the EFSA's discretion): 
(i) issue a precept requiring the Issuer to add additional Eligible Assets to the Cover Pool; (ii) determine 
the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer; (iii) submit a bankruptcy petition with respect 
to the Covered Bond Portfolio; and/or (iv) revoke the Issuer's additional authorisation for the issuing of 
Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer was granted the additional authorisation for the issuance of covered bonds in accordance with 
the ECBA on 13 November 2024. While there have been several covered bond issuances by other Estonian 
credit institutions under the ECBA, the Estonian covered bond law can still be considered relatively new 
and it may take some time for consistent practice in regard to and consistent interpretation of the 
requirements of the ECBA to emerge. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no 
investigations or proceedings towards the Issuer (nor any publicly disclosed investigations or proceedings 
towards any other Estonian issuers) for any breaches of or any non-compliance with the ECBA. 
To be able to fulfil the requirements of the ECBA continuously, the Issuer has developed a new IT system 
for the management and monitoring of the Covered Bond Portfolio and related aspects (e.g. the fulfilment 
of the insurance requirements prescribed under the ECBA (please see "Eligible cover pool assets" under 
"Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds" below)). A third party has been involved in 
developing the IT system alongside the Issuer's technical team. The system specification has been written 
by the Issuer based on its interpretation of the requirements of the ECBA as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The system has been extensively tested by the Issuer. However, since the IT system is newly 
developed based on the current interpretation of the requirements of the ECBA, there is the risk that the 
system is not fully suitable for the Issuer or that technical issues with the system may occur. The 
materialisation of such risks could potentially affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil the requirements of the 
ECBA. 
Any of the above risks could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving payment according to a 
schedule that is different than that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds (with accelerations as 
well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds are not paid in full, in part, due to the statutory limit 
to the priority of holders of Covered Bonds. 
Ability of Supervisor to declare Covered Bonds due and payable 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio is separated from the Issuer and the Cover Pool administrator is appointed 
for the Cover Pool and the Covered Bond Portfolio appears to be insolvent, the Cover Pool administrator 
is, under the ECBA, obliged to notify the EFSA promptly thereof. On the basis of such notification or in 
case the EFSA itself finds that the Covered Bond Portfolio is insolvent, the EFSA may apply to court for 
the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the Estonian 
Bankruptcy Act (which applies to the bankruptcy proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, with certain 
exceptions provided in the ECBA), as of the declaration of bankruptcy with respect to the Covered Bond 
Portfolio, all the claims of the creditors against the debtor are deemed to have fallen due unless otherwise 
provided by law. Covered Bondholders should be aware therefore that their Covered Bonds may be declared 
forthwith due and payable prior to their Maturity Date. 
Collection of Mortgage Loans and Default by Debtors 
The Mortgage Loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured on property located or 
incorporated in Estonia ("Property"). The Issuer will be under an obligation to substitute any assets that 
are, for any reason, no longer eligible for collateral with eligible assets in accordance with the ECBA. If 
the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to be added to the Cover Pool, the Issuer would breach its statutory 
obligations as stipulated by the ECBA. This could lead to the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio and 
possibly to bankruptcy proceedings in respect of the Covered Bond Portfolio. Under the ECBA, following 
the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets, the Issuer is no longer entitled to

--- Page 42 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
enter into any transactions in respect of assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio, which would, among other 
things, restrict the ability of the Issuer to top up the Cover Pool.  
A debtor may default on its obligations under its Mortgage Loan. Defaults may occur for a variety of 
reasons. Defaults under Mortgage Loans are subject to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks and rental 
yield reduction (in the case of investment Properties). Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
political developments and government policies. In addition, other factors in debtors' individual, personal 
or financial circumstances may affect the ability of the debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or results of business operations and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, an 
individual's obligation to repay a Mortgage Loan may in certain circumstances be discharged in part in 
his/her personal bankruptcy proceedings if the value of the collateral does not cover the entire loan and the 
borrower does not have sufficient other assets and earnings to discharge in the relevant procedure, or as a 
result of discharge of the borrower from obligations under proceedings for release from obligations. In 
addition, the ability to sell a Property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay 
the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the 
availability of buyers for that Property, the value of that Property and property values in general at the time. 
Any of the above circumstances may affect the level of proceeds available to satisfy the claims of Covered 
Bondholders from the Cover Pool. 
Value of Security over Property 
The security for a Mortgage Loan included in the Cover Pool consists of, amongst other things, the Issuer's 
interest in security over a Property. The value of such security and, accordingly, the level of recoveries on 
an enforcement of such security, may be affected by, among other things, a decline in the value of Property 
and the priority of such security. No assurance can be given that the values of relevant Properties will not 
decline or have not declined since the Mortgage Loan was originated. Although Estonian laws, in 
conjunction with the Estonian mortgage agreements, allow the mortgagee to commence enforcement of the 
mortgage without having to obtain a court ruling for such purpose, it is still possible that depending on the 
circumstances, the enforcement of the security may require obtaining a court decision or may be affected 
by court proceedings initiated by the debtor or the pledgor to delay or restrict the enforcement of the 
security. The ability of the Issuer to enforce a security interest, including disposal of a Property will depend 
on, inter alia: (i) the potential need to obtain a court ruling for the enforcement process and the specifics of 
the relevant court proceedings; (ii) the housing market or commercial property market conditions at the 
relevant time; (iii) the availability of buyers for the relevant Property; and (iv) the results of the specific 
enforcement process. 
Concentration of Location of Properties 
All Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool will be secured on Property. The value of the Cover Pool 
may decline sharply and rapidly in the event of a general downturn in the value of properties in Estonia. 
Any such downturn may hence have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to satisfy its obligations under 
the Covered Bonds and/or the price or value of the Covered Bonds. 
Proceeds available to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders from the Cover Pool may be reduced 
by the payment of mandatory costs, expenses and preferred claims from the proceeds of the Cover 
Pool  
In accordance with the ECBA, after the separation of the Covered Bond portfolio, the Cover Pool and the 
proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of the respective type of 
Covered Bonds and of the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments and to cover the expenses related to 
the management of the Covered Bond portfolio. The expenses related to the management of the Covered 
Bond Portfolio would likely mainly consist of the remuneration of the Cover Pool administrator and the 
expenses he or she incurs in the performance of his or her duties. The remuneration of the Cover Pool 
administrator shall be decided by a court, on the proposal of the EFSA, which corresponds to the 
qualification of the Cover Pool administrator and the scope and complexity of his or her assignments.

--- Page 43 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Pursuant to the ECBA in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the yearly remuneration of the Cover 
Pool administrator may not exceed 0.5 per cent. of the value of the cover assets included in the Cover Pool. 
There is no fixed limit on the reimbursement of the Cover Pool administrator's expenses, but the ECBA 
provides that the Cover Pool administrator is only entitled to demand reimbursement of necessary expenses, 
on the basis of an application to the EFSA. The EFSA is obliged to verify whether the expenses incurred 
in the performance of the Cover Pool administrator's duties were justified and approve the amount of the 
necessary and justified expenses. 
In the event that the Covered Bond Portfolio is declared bankrupt, the use and distribution of proceeds 
received from the Covered Bond Portfolio shall be carried out in accordance with the Estonian Bankruptcy 
Act, among others, with the following specification provided in the ECBA: 
• 
only the Covered Bondholders, the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments who have a claim 
under section 48 of the Bankruptcy Act, and other persons whose claims may be satisfied at the 
expense of the Cover Pool or proceeds received from it according to law, can be creditors in 
bankruptcy proceedings concerning the Covered Bond Portfolio; and 
• 
claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds shall have the same ranking and 
shall be satisfied before the claims of other creditors. 
In accordance with the above, the following payments may be made from the proceeds of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio prior to the satisfaction of the claims arising from Derivative Instruments and Covered Bonds: 
• 
claims arising from the consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; 
• 
maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her dependants (which would not be relevant in 
case of a legal entity); 
• 
in bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate, the expenses paid for the bequeather's funeral, 
maintenance of his/her family members, administration of the estate and conducting the inventory 
of the obligations related to the estate (which would not be relevant in case of a legal entity); 
• 
consolidated obligations; and 
• 
the costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) expenses of administration of the 
bankruptcy estate by the trustee during the bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate; (iii) obligations 
arising from contracts which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of 
the obligations or given notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iv) taxes 
relating to continuation of the business activities of the debtor; (v) obligations to compensate for the damage 
caused during the bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; and/or 
(vi) other obligations deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act. 
In the event that any of the above described costs or expenses arise, such costs and expenses would be 
satisfied before the claims of the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative Instruments, 
meaning that that proceeds receivable by the Covered Bondholders and the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instruments on the account of the Cover Pool may be reduced. 
Estonian Covered Bond Legislation is Untested and May be Modified  
The ECBA was originally adopted on 13 February 2019 and came into effect on 1 March 2019. In 2021, 
various amendments, including amendments resulting from the implementation of the Covered Bond 
Directive came into effect. The ECBA also received minor amendments in June 2024. 
The protection afforded to the holders of the Covered Bonds by means of a preference on the Cover Pool 
is based only on the ECBA. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no practical experience in relation 
to the operation of the ECBA and its interpretation by Estonian courts. Furthermore, the provisions of the 
ECBA may be modified from time to time after the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 44 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
No Events of Default 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, 
and therefore the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds do not entitle Covered Bondholders to 
accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that Covered Bondholders will only be paid the 
scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds. As an exception to the above, under the ECBA, the claims arising from 
the Covered Bonds would become due and payable upon the declaration of the bankruptcy of the separated 
Covered Bond Portfolio - in such case, the Covered Bonds would become due and payable automatically, 
without entitling the Covered Bondholders to decide whether or not to accelerate the Covered Bonds. The 
absence of any events of default from the Conditions may make it less likely that the Covered Bondholders 
will recoup their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial distress. 
Limited Description of the Cover Pool  
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
and other Eligible Assets covering the Covered Bonds as it is expected that the composition of the portfolio 
of such Mortgage Loans and other Eligible Assets may change from time to time due to, for example, the 
inclusion and removal of Mortgage Loans to the Cover Pool from time to time. The Issuer does, however, 
have an obligation under the ECBA to publish certain prescribed information set out in the ECBA every 
quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and of the 
cover pool; (ii) a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International 
Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; (iii) the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the 
cover pool; (iv) the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of country, 
based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit or commercial mortgage 
credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other cover assets; (v) the type of property 
included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the loans included in the cover pool; (vi) 
the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified in subsection 20 
(1) of the ECBA; (vii) the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between the total 
liquidity buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days; (viii) the percentage of the amount of 
substitute collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, 
in the cover pool; (ix) details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and 
credit and liquidity risks; (x) a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment obligation; (xi) 
the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; (xii) information 
about counterparties of derivative contracts; and (xiii) the methodology for calculating the ratio between 
credit and the value of the property standing as security for the credit. Furthermore, for mortgage covered 
bonds (such as the Covered Bonds), the ECBA requires information regarding the percentage of the amount 
of mortgage credits, which have been in default for over 90 days or which the issuer estimates to be 
doubtful, in the cover pool to be published on quarterly basis on the website of the issuer. 
As the composition of the Cover Pool may change from time to time, there are no assurances that the credit 
quality of the assets in the Cover Pool will remain the same as at the date of this Base Prospectus or on or 
after the issue date of any Covered Bonds. 
Reliance on Derivative Transaction Providers 
The Issuer may from time to time enter into one or more derivative instruments ("Derivative Instruments") 
included in the Cover Pool to hedge against risks relating to Covered Bonds and recorded, in accordance 
with the ECBA, in the cover register maintained by the Issuer.  
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the Mortgage Loans and 
other Eligible Assets from time to time included in the Cover Pool as cover assets for the Covered Bonds 
(which may, for instance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed rates of interest 
or interest rate caps or collars) and the interest rate(s) under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time 
to time enter into one or more interest rate derivative transactions, and to provide a hedge against possible 
variances in the currency in which payments will be made to the Issuer in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
and other assets from time to time held by the Issuer as collateral for the Covered Bonds and the currencies 
in which the Issuer will be required to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may 
from time to time enter into currency swap transactions. If the Issuer enters into a relevant derivative 
transaction at the time of an issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall disclose in the Final Terms the

--- Page 45 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
nature of the hedge (for example, an interest rate swap transaction or a currency swap transaction) and the 
identity of the derivative transaction counterparty. 
If the Issuer does not enter into any relevant derivative transaction or any derivative transaction counterparty 
defaults on its obligations to make payments in the relevant currency and/or at the relevant rate of interest 
under the relevant derivative transaction, the Issuer and the Covered Bond Portfolio will be exposed to 
changes in the relevant rates of interest and/or the relevant currency exchange rates. Unless one or more 
new or replacement Derivative Instruments are entered into, the Issuer may not have sufficient funds to 
make payments under all Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Covered Bond Portfolio may not be 
sufficient to satisfy all the claims of the Covered Bondholders. 
The value of the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by a negative change to an applicable 
Credit Rating 
Any adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Covered 
Bonds. 
Risks relating to the ratings of the Covered Bonds 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by one or more independent 
credit rating agencies express a relative ranking of creditworthiness.  
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. A rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of such 
rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time. A rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related 
to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Covered Bonds. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes in the if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA or 
the FCA on their respective websites in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation (as the case may be) is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA or FCA list. 
Covered Bondholders should note that at any time a rating agency may revise its relevant rating 
methodology or revise its current ratings criteria with result that, among other things, any rating assigned 
to the Covered Bonds may be lowered and/or in order to comply with any such revised criteria or rating 
methodology, amendments may be made to the transaction documents. 
Any changes to the methodology applied for rating covered bonds or the expectations a rating agency with 
regards to the nature of counterparty contracts and ratings of Cover Pool counterparties might lead to a 
downgrade of the Covered Bonds or re-affirmation of the Covered Bond rating and might require that 
certain amendments are made to the transaction documents to be able to satisfy the revised criteria. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer will not be obliged, following a change in rating methodology by a 
rating agency to amend any of the Conditions of a relevant Series to maintain the then ratings of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 46 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
The Issuer may make modifications to the Conditions without the Covered Bondholders' prior 
consent 
The Conditions and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Covered Bondholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Covered Bondholders including 
Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not 
sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Covered Bondholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that the Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or to comply with any amendments, updates 
and/or modifications to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on 
behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which impacts the Issuer's obligations 
in relation to the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Portfolio. The Issuer cannot foresee, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, what such changes may entail, however, any changes made will be binding on 
Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer may also agree with the Fiscal Agent and without the consent or sanction of any of the holders 
of any Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Couponholders to: 
(a) 
any modification (except for any modification that relates to a Reserved Matter) of the Covered 
Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, not prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or to comply with Mandatory Provisions of Law.  
The parties to the Agency Agreement are also required to, without the consent or sanction of any of the 
holders of any Series of Covered Bonds and/or the Couponholders, concur with the Issuer in making any 
modifications to the transaction documents and/or the Conditions that are requested by the Issuer to comply 
with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
which the Issuer certifies in writing are required to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the 
then current ratings assigned by a rating agency to any Series of Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement are required to, and Issuer may also agree to EMIR Related 
Modifications (as defined below), without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds or couponholders 
of any Series subject to the Issuer certifying that the requested modifications of the terms and conditions 
applying to Covered Bonds of any one or more Series (including the Conditions), and/or Coupons and/or 
any relevant Conditions are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to comply with any 
requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European Market Infrastructure 
Regulation" or "EMIR") ("EMIR Related Modifications") and such EMIR Related Modifications do not 
relate to a Reserved Matter. 
The Issuer may also amend, by a notice to, but without requiring the consent of, the Covered Bondholders, 
the circumstances in which automatic extension of the maturity date of the Covered Bonds can apply if it 
determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions for automatic extension of maturity 
under the ECBA (as in force at the relevant time) See "Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds" below for 
more details.  
Extended Maturity of the Covered Bonds  
If "Extended Maturity Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and a bankruptcy, 
compulsory dissolution or another event (as more fully described in Condition 9(i)(i)(B)) has occurred in 
respect of the Issuer or the EFSA otherwise resolves on the separation of the Covered Bond portfolio from 
the Issuer on the grounds stipulated in the ECBA and, as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are 
not redeemed in full on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount or within three Business Days

--- Page 47 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
thereafter, the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date 
will be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(i) (Extension 
of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) and notification of such shall be delivered to the relevant Covered 
Bondholders and to the Paying Agents. In the event of such extension, the Issuer shall redeem the 
outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds at their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended 
Maturity Date. In addition, all or any part of the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds may 
be redeemed on any extended Interest Payment Date, occurring during the period up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date. The extension of the maturity of the outstanding principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate 
payments on such Covered Bonds and no payment will be payable to the Covered Bondholders in that event 
other than as set out in the Conditions.   
If repayment of a particular Series of Covered Bonds is extended to its Extended Maturity Date, then it is 
possible that other Series of Covered Bonds where Extended Maturity Date is specified as being not 
applicable might be fully or partially paid before such Series of Covered Bonds that have an Extended 
Maturity Date. 
Furthermore, pursuant to Condition 9(i)(i), the Issuer may amend, by a notice to the Covered Bondholders, 
the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it determines that such circumstances 
qualify as permitted conditions for automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the 
relevant time). By virtue of this Condition the Issuer is entitled to unilaterally specify other circumstances 
that are not known at the date of this Base Prospectus in which the maturity of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 9(i) (Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date), provided that the addition of such 
other circumstances are permitted by the ECBA as then in force.  
Under Estonian law, after the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio from the Issuer's assets which may 
arise due to a declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium in respect of the Issuer; the passing of a court 
ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the Issuer or other circumstances described in the section 
"Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds – Separation of the covered bond portfolio", 
the Issuer will then not be permitted to make any transactions with the assets in the Covered Bond Portfolio. 
As such, unlike the period prior to occurrence of such events (see further – Risk Factors - Risks associated 
with the legal and regulatory environment - Limited Description of the Cover Pool) the Covered Bond 
Portfolio will not be dynamic and, as such, no enhancement of the credit quality of the assets in the Cover 
Pool can be expected.

--- Page 48 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
The information set out below that is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is a direct translation 
into English from the original languages of such information. To the extent that there are any inconsistencies 
between the original language versions and the translations, the original language versions shall prevail. 
The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the 2022 Financial Statements (including the auditor's report thereon and notes thereto) prepared 
in accordance with IFRS (set out on pages 42 to 127 of the 2022 annual report of the Group) 
(available 
at: 
https://res30f.cooppank.ee/image/upload/v1716131095/investor_lehed/aruandlus/ENG/2022/2_C
oopPank_consolidated_audited_2022_eng.pdf); 
2. 
the 2023 Financial Statements (including the auditor's report thereon and notes thereto) prepared 
in accordance with IFRS (set out on pages 41 to 126 of the 2023 annual report of the Group) 
(available 
at: 
https://res30f.cooppank.ee/image/upload/v1716131096/investor_lehed/aruandlus/ENG/2023/Coo
p_Pank_consolidated_audited_2023_eng_.pdf); and 
3. 
the Issuer’s Interim Financial Statements (including the notes thereto and set out on pages 8 to 20 
of 
the 
interim 
report 
of 
the 
Group) 
(available 
at: 
https://res30f.cooppank.ee/image/upload/investor_lehed/aruandlus/ENG/2024/Interim_report_12
m_2024_EN.pdf):  
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at Maakri 30, Tallinn 15014, Estonia. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. References in the auditor's reports to "other information" 
are references to other information in the respective annual reports. Such other information is not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered 
Bonds, the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights 
attaching to the Covered Bonds and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to 
the different types of Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in 
this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Covered Bonds 
which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an 
individual issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Any information relating to the Covered Bonds which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Covered Bonds will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds which 
is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent 
described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the 
subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified 
or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Covered Bonds or (2) by a registration document (the 
"Registration Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Covered Bonds and, if necessary, a summary 
note. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any information incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 50 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
FORMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds in bearer form ("Bearer Covered Bonds") will initially be in the form of 
either a Temporary Global Covered Bond in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Covered Bond"), 
without interest coupons, or a Permanent Global Covered Bond in bearer form (the "Permanent Global 
Covered Bond"), without interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Covered Bond (each a "Global 
Covered Bond") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A., Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Covered Bond which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Covered Bonds in NGN form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the 
same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Covered Bonds in NGN form will be offered by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form 
issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as 
collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Bearer Covered Bonds are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Covered Bonds are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether 
United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Covered Bonds 
or, if the Covered Bonds do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Permanent Global Covered Bond 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for a Permanent Global Covered Bond", then the Covered Bonds will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond, without interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Covered Bond unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or (in the case of 
any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Covered Bond in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.

--- Page 51 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
The principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global Covered Bond shall be equal 
to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
provided, however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond exceed the initial principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable 
extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Covered Bond on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Covered 
Bond) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
The Permanent Global Covered Bond will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the 
request of the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond, for Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form 
("Definitive Covered Bonds"): 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond was originally issued in exchange for part only of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond representing the Covered Bonds and such Temporary Global 
Covered Bond becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the

--- Page 52 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Covered Bond becomes void (in the case of 
(b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Covered 
Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable, in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Temporary Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable, then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Covered Bond 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Covered Bonds not earlier than 40 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Covered Bonds upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, 
duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Covered Bond to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Temporary Global Covered Bond has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable 
extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Permanent Global Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds", then the Covered Bonds will initially be in the form 
of a Permanent Global Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 53 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Definitive Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
shall procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Covered Bonds, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds represented by the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond to the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Covered Bonds have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Covered Bond for Definitive 
Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or the date for final redemption 
of the Permanent Global Covered Bond has occurred (taking into consideration any applicable 
extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Covered Bonds) 
will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date ((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Covered Bond will 
have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all 
those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond or Permanent Global Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Covered 
Bonds in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they were shown 
as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Covered Bond will be endorsed on that Covered 
Bond and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Covered 
Bonds in global form, the Covered Bonds in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto will bear a legend to the following effect:

--- Page 54 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code." 
Registered Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be in the form of either individual Covered Bond 
Certificates in registered form ("Individual Covered Bond Certificates") or a Global Covered Bond in 
registered form (a "Global Registered Covered Bond"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Each Global Registered Covered Bond will either be: (a) in the case of a Covered Bond which is not to be 
held under the new safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name 
of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in 
the case of a Covered Bond to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of 
a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Registered Covered Bond will be deposited on or about 
the issue date with the common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be 
exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates in accordance with its terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Registered Covered Bonds are intended to be held in 
a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Covered Bonds are 
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Registered Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will at all times be in the form of Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates issued to each Covered Bondholder in respect of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Covered Bonds as being "Global Registered Covered 
Bond exchangeable for Individual Covered Bond Certificates", then the Covered Bonds will initially 
be in the form of a Global Registered Covered Bond which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, 
for Individual Covered Bond Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Registered Covered Bond", then if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Global Registered Covered Bond is to be exchanged for Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that Individual Covered Bond Certificates will be issued in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Registered Covered Bond within 
five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Registered Covered 
Bond to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Covered Bond Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's 
holding) against the surrender of the Global Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Covered Bonds scheduled thereto and, in particular, 
shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in

--- Page 55 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
thirtieth day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond; or 
(b) 
any of the Covered Bonds represented by a Global Registered Covered Bond (or any part of it) has 
become due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or 
the date for final redemption of the Covered Bonds has occurred (taking into consideration any 
applicable extended maturity date) and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal 
falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond in accordance with the terms of the Global Registered Covered Bond on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Global Registered Covered Bond (including the obligation to deliver Individual Covered Bond 
Certificates) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global 
Registered Covered Bond will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which 
the holder of the Global Registered Covered Bond or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under 
the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Registered Covered Bond will 
acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Global Registered Covered Bond became void, they had been the holders of Individual Covered 
Bond Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Covered Bonds they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Covered Bonds 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Covered Bond Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Covered Bond Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete 
those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Registered Covered Bond will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 56 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on or incorporated by reference in each Global Covered Bond or Covered Bond in definitive 
form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Covered Bond in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Covered Bond were it in definitive 
form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Covered Bonds while in Global 
Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Coop Pank AS (the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to EUR 750,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of 
Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which 
completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Covered Bonds are the subject of an issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 19 February 2025 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression 
includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Covered Bonds), Citibank Europe Plc as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression 
includes any successor registrar appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Covered Bonds), the paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Covered Bonds) and the transfer agents 
named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional transfer agents appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Covered Bonds). In these Conditions references to the "Agents" are 
to the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents and any reference to an "Agent" is to any 
one of them. 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Covered 
Bonds"), or in registered form ("Registered Covered Bonds"). Registered Covered 
Bonds are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 19 February 2025 (the "Deed of 
Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" 
are to the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the 
relevant Final Terms are available for viewing and copies may be obtained from Coop 
Pank AS, at Maakri 30, 15014 Tallinn, Estonia. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered 
Bondholders and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" 
and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection or 
collection by Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices 
of each of the Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Covered Bondholder following their prior written request to any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be). If the 
Covered Bonds are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin,

--- Page 57 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/).  
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and

--- Page 58 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CIBOR" means, in respect of Danish Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Copenhagen interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently NASDAQ Copenhagen) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for Danish Kroner for a number of 
designated maturities which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic CIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Covered Bondholder", in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in 
Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Bearer Covered Bonds) 
and, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) 
(Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer - Title to Registered Covered Bonds); 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Covered Bond, a coupon sheet relating to the 
Covered Bond; 
"Credit Institutions Act" means the Estonian Credit Institutions Act; 
"CRR" means Regulation 575/2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 59 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 60 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(g)  
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ECBA" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds); 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with 
the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other 
person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
"Extended Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 61 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Covered Bond and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Covered Bond for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become payable 
on a date other than an Interest Payment Date; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mandatory Provisions of Law" means any amendments, updates and/or modifications 
to the ECBA or any other applicable legislation passed after the date hereof by or on behalf 
of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to make such amendment, update and/or modification, which 
impacts the Issuer's obligations in relation to the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Portfolio; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mortgage Loan" means a loan or a credit issued to a natural person and secured by a 
mortgage or mortgages over residential property, in the meaning of Article 4(1)(75) of the 
CRR, located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which comply 
with the conditions provided for in the ECBA; 
"NIBOR" means, in respect of Norwegian Kroner and for any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Norwegian interbank offered rate which is calculated and

--- Page 62 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
published by a designated distributor (currently Global Rate Set Systems) in accordance 
with the requirements from time to time of the Norwegian association for banks, insurance 
companies and financial institutions, Finance Norway – FNO based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for Norwegian Kroner for a number of designated maturities 
which are provided by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic NIBOR rates can 
be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency (which in relation to Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) or such other amount 
in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 63 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the 
first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered 
Bondholders; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
payable on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds, to alter the method of calculating 
the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds or the date for any such 
payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Covered Bonds or to change 
the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation No. 806/2014, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated 
and published by a designated distributor (currently the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) 
based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and

--- Page 64 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor 
banks (details of historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, 
any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor or replacement for that system; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; and 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as Zero Coupon in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Covered Bonds are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, references to Coupons 
and Couponholders are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to 
include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Covered Bonds at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Covered Bond and 
any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Covered Bonds being "outstanding" shall be construed in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds;  
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to 
and including the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation 
or regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) 
shall be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, 
or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 65 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Bearer Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s) with 
Coupons and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. 
In the case of a Series of Bearer Covered Bonds with more than one Specified 
Denomination, Bearer Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Title to Bearer Covered Bonds: Title to Bearer Covered Bonds and the Coupons will pass 
by delivery. In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds, "Holder" means the holder of such 
Bearer Covered Bond and "Covered Bondholder" and "Couponholder" shall be 
construed accordingly.  
(c) 
Registered Covered Bonds: Registered Covered Bonds are in the Specified 
Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Title to Registered Covered Bonds: The Registrar will maintain the Register in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Covered Bond 
Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of Registered Covered Bonds in respect of its 
registered holding. Each Covered Bond Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds, "Holder" means the person in whose name such Registered Covered Bond 
is for the time being registered in the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first 
named thereof) and "Covered Bondholder" shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
Ownership: The Holder of any Covered Bond or Coupon shall (except as otherwise 
required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any 
writing thereon or, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, on the Covered Bond 
Certificate relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Covered Bond 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(f) 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds: Subject to paragraphs (i) (Closed periods) and 
(j) (Regulations concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Covered Bond 
may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Covered Bond Certificate, with the 
endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the authority 
of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; provided, however, that a 
Registered Covered Bond may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Registered Covered Bonds transferred and (where not all of the Registered Covered Bonds 
held by a Holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered 
Covered Bonds not transferred are Specified Denominations. Where not all the Registered 
Covered Bonds represented by the surrendered Covered Bond Certificate are the subject 
of the transfer, a new Covered Bond Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Covered Bonds will be issued to the transferor. 
(g) 
Registration and delivery of Covered Bond Certificates: Within five business days of the 
surrender of a Covered Bond Certificate in accordance with paragraph (f) (Transfers of 
Registered Covered Bonds) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question and 
deliver a new Covered Bond Certificate of a like principal amount to the Registered 
Covered Bonds transferred to each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case 
may be) the Specified Office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such 
relevant Holder) by uninsured first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified 
for the purpose by such relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign

--- Page 66 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
currencies) in the city where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer 
Agent has its Specified Office. 
(h) 
No charge: The transfer of a Registered Covered Bond will be effected without charge by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity 
as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any 
tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such transfer. 
(i) 
Closed periods: Covered Bondholders may not require transfers to be registered during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
(j) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Covered 
Bonds and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the 
transfer of Registered Covered Bonds scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. 
A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any 
Covered Bondholder who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds are obligations issued in accordance with 
the Estonian Covered Bond Act ("ECBA") and rank pari passu among themselves and with 
Derivative Instruments entered in the cover register and included in the Cover Pool (as defined 
below) in accordance with the ECBA. The Covered Bonds will be covered by a cover pool which 
comprises the claims of the Issuer arising from Mortgage Loans and certain other types of assets 
which qualify as substitute cover assets under the ECBA (together the "Eligible Assets") and are 
registered in the cover register maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the ECBA (the "Cover 
Pool"). On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, 
the Covered Bonds, together with the Cover Pool (including the Derivative Instruments) (together, 
the "Covered Bond Portfolio") will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and 
form an independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and 
to be used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the 
Derivative Instruments and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio.  
Pursuant to the ECBA, the separation of the Covered Bond Portfolio will not affect the liability of 
the Issuer for the claims arising from the Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the payment obligations 
arising from the Covered Bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of 
the Covered Bond Portfolio, except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of the ECBA. 
If the Covered Bond Portfolio becomes insolvent, to the extent that claims of the Covered 
Bondholders in relation to the Covered Bonds are not satisfied in the course of the bankruptcy 
proceedings of the Covered Bond Portfolio, the residual claims of the Covered Bondholders will 
rank pari passu with the unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such 
obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application.  
The rights of Covered Bondholders shall be subject to any present or future Estonian laws or 
regulations relating to the insolvency, recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms in Estonia which are or will be applicable to the Covered Bonds only as a result of the 
operation of such laws or regulations. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4: 
"Derivative Instruments" means derivative instruments included in the Cover Pool to hedge 
against risks relating to Covered Bonds and recorded, in accordance with the ECBA, in the cover 
register maintained by the Issuer.

--- Page 67 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date) and Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Covered Bonds). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5 (both before as well as after judgment) until whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to 
that day have been paid and (ii) the day which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has 
notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds up to such fifth day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond 
for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered 
Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions) is applicable to 
the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, save that Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date) 
is always applicable where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (notwithstanding that Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) may be applicable 
to the Covered Bonds in the period prior to the extension of the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 9(i) (Extension of Maturity to Extended Maturity Date)). 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date) and Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer 
Covered Bonds). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: The Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by

--- Page 68 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period;  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if 
the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in 
relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in 
no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.  
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure 
by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and any stock exchange by which the Covered Bonds 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after 
such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and 
any other competent authority and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered 
Bonds have then been admitted to trading and/or quotation at such time. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount

--- Page 69 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default or negligence) no liability to any such Person will attach to 
the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6, if 
the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Independent Adviser) 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference Rate (as 
applicable), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser and 
shall, to the extent practicable, consult with such Independent Adviser to 
determine a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the Issuer, (in consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Reference Rate, and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread no later than three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the 
next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6(h)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) above, then the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and, to the 
extent practicable, in consultation, with the Independent Adviser) may determine 
a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)); provided, however, that if this sub-
paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (ii), the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered 
Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6(h)); 
(iv) 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined in accordance 
with Condition (h)(i) above, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum, or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and which Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero and shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate

--- Page 70 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of the Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, as applicable; 
(v) 
if the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, 
in each case, any Adjustment Spread in accordance with the above provisions, the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser) may also, following 
consultation, to the extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent, specify 
changes to the Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, 
Interest Determination Dates, Interest Payment Dates, Relevant Screen Page, 
and/or the definition of Reference Rate or the Adjustment Spread applicable to 
the Covered Bonds (and, in each case, related provisions and definitions), and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Covered Bonds, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), which changes shall apply to the Covered Bonds 
for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation 
of this Condition 6(h)). An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 6(h) shall (in the absence of bad faith, gross negligence and wilful 
misconduct) have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or Covered Bondholder for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
6(h). No Covered Bondholder consent shall be required in connection with 
effecting the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in each case, the Adjustment Spread or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Issuer or Fiscal 
Agent (if required); and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread give notice thereof and of any 
changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (v) above to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent and the Covered Bondholders. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(h): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such formal recommendation has 
been made as described in clause (i) above, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in its discretion 
determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen 
page or source, if available) that the Issuer determines has replaced the relevant Reference 
Rate in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified Currency or, if the Issuer determines that 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer in its discretion (in consultation with the

--- Page 71 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
in its discretion determines is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(i) above; or 
(iii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been 
or will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; or 
(iv) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i) above; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate announcing that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
if applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in 
the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any 
Interest Periods(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any other central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution for the currency to which such reference rate relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) the

--- Page 72 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, 
if available) that the Issuer (in consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is a successor to, or 
replacement of, the relevant Reference Rate (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not 
such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7. 
 Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions) is applicable to 
the Covered Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (A) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (B) the day 
which is five days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such fifth 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms and the maturity of the 
Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 9(i)  
(Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date) then: 
(a) 
such Covered Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
shall be payable on such Covered Bonds at the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
on the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the interest period beginning on (and 
including) the Maturity Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
after the Maturity Date and each subsequent interest period beginning on (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
The final Interest Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the rate of interest payable from time to time under Condition 8(a) will be as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
three Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such interest period and 
thereafter as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds to (and including) the Maturity Date, for the 
purposes of this Condition 8 the principal amount outstanding shall be the total amount 
otherwise payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer 
in respect of such amount in accordance with these Conditions.

--- Page 73 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject (i) as provided in Condition 10 (Payments – Bearer Covered Bonds) and (ii) to 
Condition 9(i) (Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued 
(if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:  
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Covered Bonds, the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Estonia or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws 
or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days 
(or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date, 60 days (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred; and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 9(b), the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this 
Condition 9(b).

--- Page 74 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Covered Bondholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered 
Bonds or, as the case may be, the Covered Bonds specified in such notice on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call)). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition (c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of 
Bearer Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected by the 
drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice 
to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition (c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed, and, in 
the case of Registered Covered Bonds, each Covered Bond shall be redeemed in part in 
the proportion which the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds to 
be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of outstanding Covered Bonds on such date. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds 
otherwise than as provided in paragraphs (a) to (d) above. 
(f) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Covered 
Bond becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of 
this Condition 9(f) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(g) 
Purchase: The Issuer, or any of its Subsidiaries, may purchase Covered Bonds in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds, the 
Registrar for cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds that are redeemed and surrendered for cancellation by 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (along with any unmatured Coupons attached to or 
surrendered with them) shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 75 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(i) 
Extension of maturity to Extended Maturity Date:  
(i) 
If: 
(A) 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; and 
(B) 
any of the following events has occurred: 
(1) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt or a moratorium is declared in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(2) 
a court order made for the compulsory dissolution of the Issuer 
enters into force; 
(3) 
authorisation for voluntary dissolution of the Issuer as a credit 
institution is obtained from the EFSA;  
(4) 
implementation of early intervention measures in respect of the 
Issuer on the basis of § 36 of the Financial Crisis Prevention and 
Resolution Act of Estonia, provided that the EFSA grants 
permission therefor; 
(5) 
the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds or credit 
institution license held by the Issuer ceases to be in force; or 
(6) 
the EFSA resolves on the separation of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio from the Issuer on the ground that the Issuer is likely 
to become insolvent in the near future and such resolution takes 
effect, and 
(7) 
the EFSA resolves on the separation of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio from the Issuer on the grounds stipulated in the ECBA, 
and such resolution takes effect; and 
(C) 
as a result of such an event the Covered Bonds are not redeemed in full 
on the Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount or within three 
Business Days thereafter, then the maturity of the Covered Bonds and 
the date on which the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of these Conditions will be automatically extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may impose restrictions (which restrictions shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such restrictions are required to ensure that the relevant 
Covered Bonds remain compliant with the ECBA. If the Issuer imposes 
restrictions on the circumstances in which such automatic extension can 
apply as described above, the Issuer shall give notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, at least five Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
In addition, the Issuer may amend (which amendments shall be effective 
upon notice being given to the Covered Bondholders as described below) 
the circumstances in which such automatic extension can apply if it 
determines that such circumstances qualify as permitted conditions for 
automatic extension of maturity under the ECBA (as in force at the 
relevant time). If the Issuer amends the circumstances in which such 
automatic extension can apply as described above, the Issuer shall give

--- Page 76 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Covered Bondholders 
(in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
In the event the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended, the Issuer 
shall redeem the outstanding principal amount of such Covered Bonds at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Extended Maturity Date. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) and the Paying Agents as soon as reasonably 
practicable stating the basis on which an event under sub-paragraph (B) 
above has occurred, and confirming that the Maturity Date has been 
extended to the Extended Maturity Date (subject to the expiry of the three 
Business Day period mentioned above). In addition, all or any part of the 
principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds may be redeemed 
on an Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date to and 
including the Extended Maturity Date. In such a scenario, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices)) and the Paying Agents stating its intention to redeem all or 
any of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds at least 
five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any 
redemption by the Issuer on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date, or give rise to rights to any such 
person. 
If the relevant Final Terms do not specify an Extended Maturity Date, 
the events specified in Condition 9(i) shall not trigger an extension of the 
Maturity Date and the Covered Bonds will be due and repayable in 
accordance with these Conditions, subject to mandatory provisions of 
Estonian laws applicable in relation to the events specified in Condition 
9(i). 
(ii) 
In the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond to (and including) the Maturity Date 
to which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, for the purposes of this Condition 9(i), the principal amount 
outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by the Issuer on the 
Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
(iii) 
Any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(i) 
shall be irrevocable. Where this Condition 9(i) applies, any failure to redeem the 
relevant Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date or any extension of the maturity of 
such Covered Bonds under this Condition 9(i), shall not constitute a default, an 
event of default or acceleration of payment or other similar condition or event 
(however described) for any purpose or give any Covered Bondholder any right 
to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on the Covered Bonds 
other than as expressly set out in these Conditions. 
(iv) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds under this 
Condition 9(i), rates of interest, interest periods and interest payment dates on 
such Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms and Condition 8 (Extended Maturity Date). 
(v) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds on any Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date, the 
redemption proceeds shall be applied rateably across such Covered Bonds and the 
principal amount outstanding on the Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level 
of that redemption.

--- Page 77 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
(vi) 
If the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended to the Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 9(i) for so long as any of those Covered Bonds 
remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Series of Covered 
Bonds, unless the proceeds of issue of such further Series of Covered Bonds are 
applied by the Issuer on issue to redeem in whole or in part the relevant Covered 
Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
10. 
Payments - Bearer Covered Bonds 
This Condition 10 is only applicable to Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Covered Bonds at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any bank which processes payments in euro). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the 
manner described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying 
Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the Covered Bonds in 
the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of 
such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable 
United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject 
in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders 
in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Covered Bond is presented 
without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the 
amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of 
the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such

--- Page 78 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount 
of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-
paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, 
the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in 
paragraph (a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in 
full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate 
Covered Bond Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any 
Covered Bond or early redemption in whole of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 
9(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Bearer Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of 
presentation, the Holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to 
any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer 
Covered Bonds at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or 
in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer 
Covered Bond or Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse 
thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Covered Bonds, the 
Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Covered 
Bond, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Covered Bond shall become void and no 
Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Payments - Registered Covered Bonds 
This Condition 11 is only applicable to Registered Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in 
that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre 
of that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any bank which processes payments in euro) 
and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Covered Bond Certificates at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent.

--- Page 79 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of 
that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any bank which processes payments in euro) and 
(in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Covered Bond Certificates at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds 
are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place 
of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Covered Bondholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated (i) (in the case 
of payments of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date 
for payment and the day on which the relevant Covered Bond Certificate is surrendered 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent 
and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due 
date for payment. A Holder of a Registered Covered Bond shall not be entitled to any 
interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting from the due date 
for a payment not being a Payment Business Day. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Registered 
Covered Bond, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are noted 
on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Covered Bond 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is 
endorsed on the relevant Covered Bond Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Covered Bond will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the 
"Record Date").  
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Estonia or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any 
Covered Bond or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bond or Coupon by reason 
of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties,

--- Page 80 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
other than the mere holding of the Covered Bond or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Covered Bond or Coupon or Covered Bond Certificate is 
presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the Holder of such Covered Bond or Coupon would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or surrendering such 
Covered Bond or Coupon or Covered Bond Certificate for payment on the last 
day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Estonia, references in these Conditions to the Republic of 
Estonia shall be construed as references to the Republic of Estonia and/or such other 
jurisdiction.  
13. 
Undertaking of the Issuer 
On declaration of the Issuer's bankruptcy and in certain other events stipulated in the ECBA, the 
Covered Bond Portfolio will be separated from other assets and liabilities of the Issuer and form 
an independent pool of designated assets to be managed in accordance with the ECBA and to be 
used solely to satisfy the claims of Covered Bondholders and of the counterparties to the Derivative 
Instrument and to cover the expenses related to the management of the Covered Bond Portfolio. In 
such a scenario, the Issuer undertakes to fully co-operate with the Cover Pool administrator or the 
bankruptcy administrator appointed with respect to the insolvent Covered Bond Portfolio 
("Relevant Authority") to facilitate such Relevant Authority's ability to carry out its rights and 
obligations under the ECBA.  
14. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds and (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) the Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds and Coupons 
If any Covered Bond, Covered Bond Certificate or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Covered Bonds (and, if the Covered 
Bonds are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject 
to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds, Covered Bond Certificates or Coupons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or registrar or 
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a fiscal agent and a registrar;

--- Page 81 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Covered Bondholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Covered Bondholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Covered Bondholders holding not less 
than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more 
persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or 
more persons holding or representing Covered Bonds whatever the aggregate principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes a Reserved Matter, the quorum shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing at least three-quarters of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons holding or representing at least one-quarter of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that 
(i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast on 
such resolution; or (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-quarters in aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time 
being outstanding shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Covered Bondholders 
will be binding on all Covered Bondholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting 
and whether or not they voted on the resolution and on all Couponholders.  
(b) 
Modification of Covered Bonds 
In addition to the modification provisions set out in Condition 9(i) (Extension of maturity 
to Extended Maturity Date) and Condition 6(h) (Benchmark Replacement), the Issuer may 
without the consent of any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders of any Series at 
any time: 
(i) 
agree with the Fiscal Agent: 
(A) 
any modification (except for any modification that relates to a Reserved 
Matter) of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Issuer, not prejudicial 
to the interests of the Covered Bondholders; or  
(B) 
any modification of the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Deed of 
Covenant or the Agency Agreement which is, in the sole opinion of the 
Issuer, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with Mandatory Provisions of Law; or

--- Page 82 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
(ii) 
make any modifications to the Conditions (in relation to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds) that are necessary (as determined by the Issuer acting reasonably) 
to comply with any criteria of the rating agencies which may be published after 
the Issue Date and which the Issuer certifies in writing (to the Agent and to the 
holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) are required to avoid a 
downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the then current ratings assigned by a 
rating agency to such Series of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
make EMIR Related Modifications (as defined below), and which the Issuer 
certifies (to the Agent and to the holders of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) 
are to be made solely for the purpose of enabling the Issuer to comply with any 
requirements which apply to it under Regulation (EU) 648/2012 (the "European 
Market 
Infrastructure 
Regulation" 
or 
"EMIR") ("EMIR 
Related 
Modifications") and such EMIR Related Modifications do not relate to a 
Reserved Matter. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders and shall be notified to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.  
(c) 
Limitations on Modification of Covered Bonds: Any modification or waiver of these 
Conditions which affects Covered Bonds may not be effected to the extent such 
modification would contradict mandatory provisions of the ECBA. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further covered bonds having the same terms and conditions as 
the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as 
to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Bearer Covered Bonds: Notices to the Holders of Bearer Covered Bonds shall be valid if 
published by the Issuer in a leading English language daily newspaper published in 
London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication 
(or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Holders 
of Bearer Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Registered Covered Bonds: Notices to the Holders of Registered Covered Bonds shall be 
sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if posted to an overseas address) by 
airmail at their respective addresses on the Register or, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in 
Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after the 
date of mailing. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first 
currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into 
another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof 
against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing 
any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall indemnify 
each Covered Bondholder, on the written demand of such Covered Bondholder addressed to the 
Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to

--- Page 83 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or 
rates of exchange at which such Covered Bondholder may in the ordinary course of business 
purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, 
in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Covered Bonds are governed by English law, except for: 
(i) 
Condition 4 (Status of the Covered Bonds); 
(ii) 
the provisions relating to coverage of the Covered Bonds and the Coupons 
pursuant to the ECBA, and 
(iii) 
other provisions relating to the Covered Bonds, where provisions of Estonian laws 
mandatorily apply to covered bonds issued by an issuer incorporated in Estonia,  
which shall be governed by Estonian law.  
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds (including any non-
contractual obligation arising out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the 
contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Covered Bondholders to take proceedings outside England: 
Notwithstanding Condition 22(b) (English courts), any Covered Bondholder may take 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, Covered Bondholders may take concurrent Proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at its office at 8th 
Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG or to such other person with an address in 
England or Wales and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may 
specify by notice in writing to the Covered Bondholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Covered Bondholder to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere.

--- Page 84 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK" ). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS - The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered sold or resold, transferred or delivered or otherwise made available to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consumment/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht / Code de droit économique), as 
amended from time to time.]7 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered 
Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered 
Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
 
7  
Include where "Prohibition of sales to Belgian consumers" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
COOP PANK AS 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300EHNXQVOI120S55 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
EUR 750,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 February 2025 [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]8]Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered 
Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") (https://live.euronext.com/) and is also available at the 
Issuer’s website https://www.cooppank.ee/en/investor. Copies may also be obtained from the 
registered office of Coop Pank AS. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the 
issuance of the Covered Bonds described herein.]9 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Coop Pank AS 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
[(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Covered Bonds become 
fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Covered 
Bonds 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be interchangeable 
for trading purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for 
interests in the Permanent Global Covered Bond, as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below [which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]].] 
 
8 
Delete where the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
9 
Delete unless the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 86 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
3. 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[•] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series]: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest from [•] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[•]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date:]  
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16 below) 
 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable): 
 
 
[•] per cent. Fixed Rate 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[CIBOR/EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR] [+/–] [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
(see paragraph 17/18 below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their principal amount.] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14, 15, 17 and 18 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
(See paragraphs 19/20 below) 
13. 
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds obtained: 
[[•] and [•], respectively]/[Not Applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [•] per cent. per annum 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]  
For Covered Bonds where the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification: The amount of interest payable for 
any Interest Period is to be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(d) 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for 
a 
[short/ 
long] 
Interest 
Period 
("Broken Amount(s)") 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in/on [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual]/[Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any 
interest 
period 
following 
any 
Rate 
Adjustment: 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
15. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention]/[Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]/[Preceding Business Day Convention]

--- Page 88 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any 
interest 
period 
following 
any 
Rate 
Adjustment: 
The [Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
16. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual(ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/360] / 
[Actual/ 365]

--- Page 89 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE FROM THE MATURITY 
DATE TO THE EXTENDED MATURITY DATE 
17. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
for a [short/ long] 
Interest Period 
("Broken Amount(s)") 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual] / [Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any interest period 
following any Rate 
Adjustment: 
[The Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
18. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(vii) 
Provisions relating to 
Screen Rate 
Determination:

--- Page 90 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[CIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[STIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Linear interpolation  
[Not Applicable/ Applicable - the rate of interest for the 
[long]/[short] [first]/[last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] / [Actual/365 (Fixed)] / 
[Actual/360] / [30/360] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] / 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the amount 
of interest payable for 
any interest period 
following any Rate 
Adjustment: 
The [Fiscal Agent/other] shall be the Calculation Agent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
of 
each 
Covered Bond: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Covered Bond 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 91 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
22. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
[Bearer Covered Bonds: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Covered Bonds on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond]] 
Where the exchange to Definitive Covered Bonds is 
permitted at the option of the Covered Bondholder ensure 
that the specified denominations do not permit a smaller 
integral amount. 
(The exchange upon notice/at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Covered Bonds includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "€100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000". 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds 
which is to be represented on issue by a Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond exchangeable for Definitive 
Covered Bonds.) 
[Registered Covered Bonds: 
[Global Registered Covered Bond exchangeable for 
Individual Covered Bond Certificates on [•] days' notice/at 
any time/in the limited circumstances described in the 
Global Registered Covered Bond] 
and 
[Global Registered Covered Bond registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).] 
23. 
New 
Global 
Note 
/ 
New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes] / [No]

--- Page 92 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable]/[give details].  
Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment, 
and not the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph 15(v) relates 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Covered 
Bonds (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes]/[No]. [As the Covered Bonds have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
26. 
[European 
Covered 
Bond 
(Premium)]:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of Coop Pank AS: 
 
By:  .......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 93 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to Trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from [•]. 
Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[•]. [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Covered Bonds of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
 
Ratings: 
[[Moody's Deutschland GmbH]: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Covered

--- Page 94 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation but has applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] does not appear on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 95 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation" ). [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
FCA's website. [The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is established 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR 
under the UK CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 96 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the UK and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but CRA is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation  
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
but is certified under [Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][ Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or the UK 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in either the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]

--- Page 97 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[[See/][•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
[CFI Code: 
[[See/][•], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free] of payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[insert name of additional Paying Agent / Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Covered Bonds] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Covered Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Covered 
Bonds are capable of meeting them the Covered Bonds may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Covered Bonds]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]  
6. 
DERIVATIVE 
INSTRUMENTS 
 
 
Derivative Instruments applicable 
to issuance of Covered Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
 
(If "No" delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 98 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Derivative 
Instruments: 
Interest Rate Swap Transaction/ Currency Swap Transaction 
 
(ii) 
Description of Derivative 
Instruments: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Derivative Instruments as 
specific collateral for this 
issuance: 
[Yes]/[No] 
 
(iv) 
Swap counterparty: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Collateral 
posting 
requirements: 
[•] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names 
of 
Dealers 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), 
if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category [2]; 
 
 
(In the case of Bearer Covered Bonds) TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]10 
 
 
(vii) 
Relevant Benchmarks 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation]/[As far 
as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[Not Applicable]  
 
10  If the Covered Bonds are to be placed with Belgian consumers, "Not Applicable" should be specified.

--- Page 99 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[  ]  [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] [If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.]  
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[  ]

--- Page 100 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Series of Covered Bonds will be used for the general banking and 
other corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE COVERED BONDS WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond in bearer form, 
references in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to "Covered Bondholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Covered Bond which, for so long as the Global Covered Bond is held by 
a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a classic global covered bond ("CGCB"), or a common 
safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Registered Covered Bond, references 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds to "Covered Bondholder" are references to the person 
in whose name such Global Registered Covered Bond is for the time being registered in the Register which, 
for so long as the Global Registered Covered Bond is held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common 
depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or a nominee 
for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Covered Bond or a Global Registered 
Covered Bond (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond 
and in relation to all other rights arising under such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered 
Bond. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under 
the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from 
time to time. For so long as the relevant Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect 
of payments due under the Covered Bonds and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the holder of such Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond. 
Conditions applicable to Global Covered Bonds 
Each Global Covered Bond and Global Registered Covered Bond will contain provisions which modify the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds as they apply to the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered 
Covered Bond. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond which, 
according to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, require presentation and/or surrender of a 
Covered Bond, Covered Bond Certificate or Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Covered Bond or 
Global Registered Covered Bond to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and 
discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds. On each occasion on 
which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Covered Bond, the Issuer shall 
procure that in respect of a CGCB the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Calculation of interest: the calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Covered Bond which is 
represented by a Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond will be calculated on the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond 
or Global Registered Covered Bond, as the case may be, and not by reference to the Calculation Amount. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Covered Bond, or a Global Registered Covered Bond, shall 
be, if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the 
currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre.

--- Page 102 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Registered Covered Bond will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Registered 
Covered Bond is being held is open for business. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Covered Bonds, the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered Bond may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Covered Bonds to be redeemed will not 
be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Covered Bonds are represented by a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond (or by a Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or a Temporary Global 
Covered Bond) or a Global Registered Covered Bond and the Permanent Global Covered Bond is (or the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond and/or the Temporary Global Covered Bond are), or the Global 
Registered Covered Bond is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to 
Covered Bondholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except 
that, for so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and it is a requirement 
of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation 
in 
Ireland 
or 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin). 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution: While any Global Covered Bond or Global Registered Covered 
Bond is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:  
(a)  
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
quarters in aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding (an 
"Electronic Consent" as defined in the Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including 
matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for 
which a special quorum was satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Covered Bondholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Covered 
Bondholders and holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such 
Electronic Consent; and  
(b)  
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by (a) 
accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Covered Bond or Global 
Registered Covered Bond and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf 
of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the 
entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing system") 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document 
may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant 
clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or EasyWay or Clearstream, Luxembourg's

--- Page 103 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
CreationOnline or Xact Web Portal system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which 
the accountholder of a particular principal or principal amount of the Covered Bonds is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such 
effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not 
authentic.

--- Page 104 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE GROUP 
The following information (save for that set out under "Selected Consolidated Ratios and APMs of the 
Group") has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to, the Financial Statements of the Group and should also be read in conjunction with "Financial 
Review". See also "Presentation of financial information" for a discussion of the sources of the numbers 
contained in this section. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
The table below shows the Group's consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December in each 
of 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
in thousands of EUR 
As at 31 
December 
2024* 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
Assets 
  
  
  
Cash and demand deposits at the Central Bank, credit 
institutions and other financial institutions  
325,362 
411,256 
350,642 
Mandatory reserve kept in the central bank 
18,316 
17,098 
14,236 
Debt securities at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
37,751 
36,421 
18,747 
Equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
13 
13 
13 
Loans and advances to customers 
1,774,118 
1,490,873 
1,300,775 
Other financial assets 
1,610 
832 
1,380 
Other assets 
2,035 
1,275 
697 
Assets held for sale  
1,140 
1,722 
3,412 
Right-of-use assets 
5,107 
5,380 
6,130 
Tangible assets 
3,451 
3,746 
2,808 
Intangible assets 
12,954 
10,839 
8,579 
Goodwill 
6,757 
6,757 
6,757 
Total assets 
2,188,614 
1,986,212 
1,714,176 
  
  
  
  
Liabilities 
  
  
  
Customer deposits and loans received 
1,886,145 
1,721,765 
1,508,126 
Lease liabilities 
5,153 
5,417 
6,142 
Other financial liabilities 
15,443 
14,444 
7,052 
Other liabilities 
7,088 
8,574 
5,601 
Subordinated debt 
63,148 
50,187 
38,139 
Total liabilities 
1,976,977 
1,800,387 
1,565,060 
  
  
  
  
Shareholders' equity 
  
  
  
Share capital 
70,181 
69,673 
69,148 
Share premium 
26,711 
25,779 
25,435 
Statutory reserve capital  
6,815 
4,855 
3,838 
Retained earnings 
105,807 
84,484 
50,863 
Other reserves and assets revaluations 
2,123 
1,034 
-168 
Total shareholder's equity 
211,637 
185,825 
149,116 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
2,188,614 
1,986,212 
1,714,176 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors.

--- Page 105 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME 
The table below shows the Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
for each of the years ended 31 December 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 
in thousands of EUR 
 
2024* 
2023 
2022 
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
125,338 
109,627 
54,555 
Other income similar to interest 
13,357 
11,024 
5,535 
Interest and similar expense 
-61,125 
-39,386 
-9,381 
Net interest and similar income 
77,570 
81,265 
50,709 
  
  
  
  
Fee and commission income 
7,899 
7,609 
6,172 
Fee and commission expense 
-3,541 
-2,762 
-2,387 
Net fee and commission income 
4,358 
4,847 
3,785 
  
  
  
  
Sale of assets 
- 
80 
- 
Cost of assets sold 
- 
-85 
- 
Direct property operating expenses 
- 
- 
-1 
Change in fair value of investment properties 
-750 
-1,825 
-450 
Net gains from non-financial asset realisation 
53 
4 
6 
Net gains from financial assets measured at fair value 
33 
57 
4 
Handling of overdue receivables 
534 
560 
444 
Other income 
85 
301 
134 
Net other income 
-45 
-908 
137 
  
  
  
  
Payroll expenses 
-23,411 
-20,234 
-15,502 
Operating expenses 
-11,713 
-10,213 
-7,352 
Depreciation 
-5,452 
-4,681 
-4,323 
Total operating expenses 
-40,576 
-35,128 
-27,177 
  
  
  
  
Profit before loss allowances and tax   
41,307 
50,076 
27,454 
Credit loss allowance  
-4,643 
-6,302 
-5,245 
  
  
  
  
Profit before tax 
36,664 
43,774 
22,209 
Income tax expenses 
-4,486 
-4,570 
-1,859 
Net profit for the financial year 
32,178 
39,204 
20,350 
  
  
  
  
Other comprehensive income / loss Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
757 
424 
-868 
Other comprehensive income / loss 
757 
424 
-868 
  
  
  
  
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 
32,935 
39,628 
19,482 
  
  
  
  
Basic earnings per share (in EUR) 
0.31 
0.38 
0.22 
Diluted earnings per share (in EUR) 
0.31 
0.38 
0.21 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors.

--- Page 106 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
The table below summarises the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows for each of the years ended 
31 December 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
in thousands of EUR 
2024* 
2023 
2022 
Cash flows from operating activities: 
  
  
  
Interest and other similar income received 
138,367 
118,064 
58,528 
Interest paid 
-64,341 
-24,874 
-8,423 
Fees and commissions received 
7,899 
7,609 
6,172 
Fees and commissions paid 
-3,541 
-2,762 
-2,387 
Other received income 
706 
930 
596 
Salaries paid 
-22,555 
-20,320 
-15,439 
Other operating expenses paid 
-11,713 
-10,213 
-7,352 
Income tax paid 
-5,809 
-2,973 
-1,390 
Total cash flows from operating activities before changes in 
operating assets and liabilities 
 39,013 
65,461 
30,305 
  
  
  
  
Change in operating assets: 
  
  
  
Loans and advances to customers 
-
287,578 
-194,087 
-349,124 
Change of base level of the reserve kept in the Central Bank 
-1,218 
-2,862 
-4,724 
Other assets 
-1,852 
-115 
289 
  
  
  
  
Change in operating liabilities: 
  
  
  
Change in customer deposits and loans received 
167,803 
199,245 
408,397 
Other liabilities 
1,067 
10,877 
3,309 
Net cash flows from operating activities 
-82,766 
78,519 
88,452 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from investing activities 
  
  
  
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
-6,636 
-7,200 
-4,412 
Sale of property, plant and equipment and investment properties 
634 
88 
313 
Acquisition of debt securities 
-2,342 
-18,226 
-14,261 
Sale and redemption of debt securities  
1,253 
274 
1,612 
Total cash flows used in investing activities 
-7,091 
-25,064 
-16,748 
  
  
  
  
Cash flows from financing activities 
  
  
  
Contribution to share capital 
820 
778 
20,149 
Issue of subordinated debt 
15,000 
12,000 
26,100 
Redemption of subordinated bonds 
-2,000 
- 
-5,000 
Dividends paid 
-8,895 
-4,566 
-2,738 
Repayment of principal of lease liabilities 
-961 
-1,040 
-850 
Total cash flows from financing activities 
3,964 
7,172 
37,661

--- Page 107 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
  
  
  
  
Effect on exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
-1 
-13 
-9 
Change in cash and cash equivalents 
-85,894 
60,614 
109,356 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 
411,256 
350,642 
241,286 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
325,362 
411,256 
350,642 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors.

--- Page 108 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED RATIOS AND APMS OF THE GROUP: 
The table below shows selected consolidated ratios and APMs for the Group as at, and for the years ended, 
31 December in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022. In each case the information is unaudited.  
 
  
2024 * 
2023 
2022 
Net profit, million EUR 
32.2 
39.2 
20.4 
Average shareholders' equity, million EUR (1) 
198 
167 
121 
Return on equity  
ROE, % (2) 
16.2 
23.5 
16.8 
  
  
  
  
Net profit, million EUR 
32.2 
39.2 
20.4 
Total assets, average, million EUR (3) 
2,069 
1,866 
1,446 
Return on assets  
ROA, % (4) 
1.6 
2.1 
1.4 
  
  
  
  
Net interest income, million EUR 
77.6 
81.3 
51.7 
Cash and interest-bearing assets, average, million EUR (5) 
2,069 
1,857 
1,434 
Net interest margin  
NIM, % (6) 
3.8 
4.4 
3.5 
  
  
  
  
Operating expenses, million EUR 
40.6 
35.1 
27.2 
Total net operating income, million EUR (7) 
81.9 
85.2 
54.6 
Cost/income ratio, CIR, % (8) 
49.6 
41.2 
49.7 
  
  
  
  
Net loan portfolio, at the balance date, million EUR 
1,774 
1,491 
1,301 
Customer deposits and loans received, million EUR 
1,886 
1,722 
1,508 
Loans to deposits ratio, % (9) 
94.1 
86.6 
86.3 
  
  
  
  
Dividends paid, million EUR  
8.9 
4.6 
2.7 
Dividend to net profit ratio, % (10) 
22.7 
22.4 
20.3 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), % 
(high-quality liquid assets / net cash outflows) (11) 
206.7 
293.4 
175.8 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), % 
(stable funding available / stable funding required) (11) 
127.2 
134.3 
144.1 
Leverage Ratio (LR), % 
(Tier 1 capital / total exposure measure) (11) 
8.8 
8.4 
7.4 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 used to calculate ratios and 
measures above has been derived from the Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor 
reviewed by independent auditors. 
Explanations to ratios and metrics as presented above: 
(1)  
Average shareholders' equity is calculated based on the average of the month-end balances within 
each applicable period; 
(2)  
Return on equity (ROE) equals net profit for the year divided by average shareholders' equity; 
(3)  
Average total assets is calcualated based on the average of the month-end balances within each 
applicable period; 
(4)  
Return on assets (ROA) equals net profit for the year divided by the average total assets; 
(5)  
Cash and interest-bearing assets equal to cash and demand deposits at the central bank, credit 
institutions and other financial institutions plus mandatory reserves kept in the central bank plus 
debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income plus equity instruments at fair

--- Page 109 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
value through other comprehensive income plus loans and advances to customers before loss 
allowance of loans and advances (gross); the average is calculated based on the month-end 
balances within the applicable period; 
(6)  
Net interest income (NIM) equals to net interest and similar income for the year divided by the 
average cash and interest-bearing assets; 
(7) 
Total net operating income equals to net interest and similar income, net fee and commision 
income and net other income for the year; 
(8)  
Cost to income ratio (CIR) equals to operating expenses divided by the total net operating income; 
(9)  
Loans to deposit ratio equals to loans and advances to customers divided by customer deposits and 
loans received;   
(10)  
Dividend to net profit ratio equals to total amount of dividends paid divided by the net profit for 
the previous year; and 
(11)  
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) and Leverage Ratio (LR) are 
calculated according to applicable requirements set by European Commission, EBA, EFSA and 
other relevant institutions.

--- Page 110 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
Introduction 
The Bank started operating in 1992 (following its incorporation on 15 March 1992) under the name 
Krediidipank and has been authorised as a credit institution since 13 February 1993. The principal activity 
of the Group is acting as a credit institution in the Estonian banking market, and it also engages in leasing, 
consumer credit, insurance brokerage and real estate management activities. The foundation for the Group's 
operations in its current form was laid at the beginning of 2017 when Coop Eesti Keskühistu and Inbank 
AS acquired 70 per cent. of the Bank's shares. The new owners sought to establish a strong new bank 
focused on the Estonian market by building on Krediidipank's business with the benefit of the synergy 
between grocery, retail and banking created by the strategic partnership with Coop Eesti Keskühistu, 
Estonia's largest retail chain. In December 2019, the Bank's shares were listed on the main list of the Nasdaq 
Tallinn Stock Exchange ("Nasdaq Tallinn") in an initial public offering.  
The Bank is incorporated under the laws of Estonia, in accordance with the requirements of the Estonian 
Commercial Code and is registered in the Estonian Commercial Register with registration number 
10237832. 
As at 31 December 2024, the Bank had over 200 thousand customers. The Group had 450 employees (in 
full time equivalent units) as at the same date.  
History 
A brief timeline of the Bank's history is set out below: 
1992 
Foundation of the Bank 
1993 
Authorisation as a credit institution received 
1996 
Foundation of subsidiaries Krediidipanga Liisingu AS (current business name Coop 
Liising AS) and aktsiaselts Martinoza 
January 2017 
Coop Eesti Keskühistu as a strategic investor and Inbank AS as a financial investor 
acquired 70 per cent. of the shares of the Bank 
October 2017 
Launch of the trademark Coop Pank   
December 2017 
Launch of an electronic platform for establishing client relationships (so-called 
electronic on-boarding) 
May 2018 
Launch of offering the Coop Sula product as a result of which it is possible to withdraw 
cash from the cash registers of Coop Eesti stores  
March 2019 
Based on the new strategy, the Bank stopped servicing the high-risk non-resident 
customer segment (for which the process started at the beginning of 2017) 
December 2019 
The initial public offering of the Bank's shares and the listing on the main list of Nasdaq 
Tallinn, as a result of which the Bank raised EUR 31 million in capital 
June 2020 
Launch of a unique Car Mall (in Estonian: Autokaubamaja) solution in the leasing 
market 
August 2020 
Moody´s assigned the Bank an investment grade credit rating of Baa2 
March 2021 
Public offering of the Bank's subordinated bonds and listing on the main list of Nasdaq 
Tallinn, as a result of which the Bank raised EUR 10 million of Tier 2 capital 
June 2021 
The number of daily banking customers of the Bank exceeded 100,000 
September 2021 
The Bank established a new head office in the Skyon building on Maakri street in 
Tallinn 
March 2022 
Public offering of the Bank's subordinated bonds (the second series of the programme) 
and listing on Nasdaq Tallinn, as a result of which the Bank raised an additional EUR 10 
million of Tier 2 capital 
April 2022 
The Bank's loan portfolio exceeded EUR 1 billion  
June 2022 
The Bank issued EUR 16.1 million worth of Additional Tier 1 bonds 
November 2022  
The Bank issued 10,147,131 new shares, raising EUR 20.2 million

--- Page 111 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
December 2022 
The Bank merged with its 100 per cent. subsidiary CP Varad AS, as a result of which CP 
Varad AS was dissolved and the Bank became its successor. The main operation of CP 
Varad AS had been managing and realising the properties which were collateral to the 
Bank's problem credit 
September 2023 
The Bank issued EUR 12 million worth of Additional Tier 1 bonds  
December 2023  
The Bank obtained a EUR 15 million unsecured subordinated loan from the European 
Energy Efficiency Fund S.A. SICAV-SIF. The loan is a capital instrument included in 
the Bank's Tier 2 own funds 
April 2024 
The Bank merged with its 100 per cent. subsidiary Coop Finants AS 
Group Structure 
 
Coop Pank AS - The Bank is the parent company of the Group. The Bank is authorised as a credit institution 
in accordance with the Estonian Credit Institutions Act ("CIA"). The principal market of the Bank is 
Estonia. The Bank offers everyday banking services (accounts, payments, bank cards, cash services and 
deposits) and financing services (small loans, credit cards, home loans, leasing) to private individuals. The 
Bank also offers everyday banking services (settlements, depositing, bank link service, bank cards, cash 
services) and financing products (loans, overdrafts, bank guarantees) to businesses. 
In 2010–2017 the Bank also operated in the Latvian market servicing customers through the Latvian branch. 
The Latvian branch was closed on 31 August 2017 due to a change in strategy and the decision to focus on 
offering services to customers in the Estonian market.  
Until 1 April 2024, the Bank had a 100 per cent. holding in Coop Finants AS ("Coop Finants"). The 
principal activity of Coop Finants was to offer consumer financing products up to the sum of EUR 25,000 
in the Estonian market, as well as to offer a credit limit for card payments in Coop Eesti Keskühistu member 
stores. Coop Finants merged with the Bank on 1 April 2024. Since the merger, Coop Finants' activities are 
carried out by the consumer financing department of the Bank.  
Coop Liising AS - The main activity of Coop Liising AS ("Coop Liising") is leasing assets to customers 
and financing the stock of inventory of items to be leased. Coop Liising is authorised to provide credit to 
Estonian consumers and since 9 May 2016 has been listed under creditors acting under the exception 
provided in § 2 (8) of the Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act. Coop Liising mainly offers lease 
financing of new and used vehicles for private and legal persons.

--- Page 112 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
As of 31 December 2024, the gross leasing portfolio of Coop Liising was EUR 194.7 million of which 
leases to private individuals accounted for EUR 95.9 million and leases to businesses EUR 98.8 million. 
As of 31 December 2024, Coop Liising has over 7,700 customers.  
SIA Prana Property - SIA Prana Property ("Prana Property") is a subsidiary of the Bank founded in May 
2017 which deals with the managing and realisation of real estate held as collateral for problem credits of 
the former Latvian branch of the Bank. At the date of this Base Prospectus, Prana Property owns one item 
of real estate which is an unfinished apartment building in Riga. The apartment building was connected to 
the Maxima shopping centre, where in 2013 a collapse with human casualties took place, and therefore the 
building permit for the apartment building has been revoked. The building permit was granted again in 
2023 and the Group is looking to sell the property. Prana Property has no turnover as of 31 December 2024, 
and a member of the management board works in the company under a contract.  
Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS - Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS is a subsidiary of the Bank founded in August 
2019, which was included in the EFSA's list of insurance intermediaries on 29 November 2019. Coop 
Kindlustusmaakler intermediates all non-life insurance products, including traffic and comprehensive 
insurance.  
Ownership of the Bank  
The Bank has issued ordinary shares, each share giving one voting right. The shares have been listed on 
Nasdaq Tallinn with ISIN code EE3100007857 since 10 December 2019.  
 
In December 2022, a secondary public share offering took place where an additional 10.15 million new 
shares were issued. A total of EUR 20.2 million of capital was raised.  
 
The diagram below shows the Bank's shareholding structure as at 31 December 2024: 
 
Coop Eesti Keskühistu (including Coop Investeeringud OÜ and 12 independent regional cooperatives) has 
a combined ownership of 41 per cent. of shares of the Bank. The Bank has approximately 35,900 
shareholders as of 31 December 2024.  
Strategy  
The Group's way of operating for achieving its strategic objectives is as follows: 
Estonian banking group - The Group is predominantly owned by domestic investors. The Group's customers 
are predominantly residents of Estonia. All of the Group's decisions are made in Estonia. The Group's 
employees, the Management Board and the Supervisory Board sit at one table, every week if needed. The

--- Page 113 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
Group believes that there is public support for domestic capital-based banking groups. Through its 
activities, the Group wishes to contribute to the development of Estonian people and companies and thereby 
support the development of the Estonian economy. In fulfilling this mission, The Group cooperates 
proactively with Estonian entrepreneurs who need financial support to implement their business plans in 
both rural and urban areas. By supporting the development of companies outside the big cities, the Group 
contributes to the regional development of Estonia and creates opportunities for people to live where they 
want to in Estonia. 
Everyday banking, financing services and saving products - The Group sees its strengths and the resulting 
growth opportunities primarily in the provision of everyday banking (accounts, payments, bank cards, cash, 
deposits), financing services (mortgage loans, consumer loans, credit cards, business loans, lease financing) 
and saving products (short term saving, medium term saving into deposits, long term saving into pension 
funds in cooperation with its chosen fund manager Tuleva Fondid AS). In addition, the Group intermediates 
the most common property insurance products (motor third party liability insurance, comprehensive 
insurance, home insurance, travel insurance, purchase insurance) through its insurance broker entity, Coop 
Kindlustusmaakler AS. 
Private Clients and Small to Medium-Sized Enterprises - The Group's client offering is designed for private 
customers who choose a primary bank for their salary deposits and daily banking needs or select a specific 
financial product, such as a home loan, car leasing, deposit, etc. In terms of business clients, the Group 
focuses primarily on small and medium-sized enterprises that require financing services or wish to earn 
better returns by depositing their temporarily available funds.  
Fast - The Group's way of operating is fast always and everywhere - customers can open an account through 
electronic channels in about 3 minutes, instant payments are made in seconds, the Group is able to make a 
decision on a private customer's small loan or credit card in approximately 5 minutes and can make a 
mortgage loan decision or car lease financing decision within one working day.  
Bank with a human face - The Group has a modern internet banking solution and mobile app available to 
customers, but at the same time, it also differs from its competitors by offering customers human contact – 
the Group has staff working in 14 bank branches and additionally some everyday banking services (such 
as cash-in and cash-out and authorisation of clients) can be done in Coop stores (320 stores in total). 
A bank that suits your life/business. Not the other way around - The Group has an ambition to grow and 
therefore strive on behalf of every customer. Having a growth strategy, the Group approaches each client 
personally and finds a solution that suits the customer's wishes. The Group prices everyday banking services 
on a package basis, allowing for the use of all banking services the customer needs on a daily basis for a 
fixed monthly fee. 
Integration of banking and retail - Thanks to the strategic partnership with Coop Eesti Keskühistu and its 
18 member cooperatives, in addition to the usual sales and service channels (offices, internet banking, 
mobile banking), the Group can also offer financial services in 320 stores of Coop Eesti Keskühistu member 
cooperatives all over Estonia. This is delivered through the Coop Sula service, i.e. the possibility to make 
a cash withdrawal from a bank account or a deposit to a bank account at cash registers of Coop Eesti 
Keskühistu stores. The customer also receives the cheapest prices in Coop Eesti Keskühistu stores when 
paying for purchases with a Coop Pank AS card.  
Mission and Targets 
 
The mission of the Group is 'to carry life forward in every corner of Estonia'. For this, the Group strives to 
give impetus to Estonian companies with a focus on Estonian entrepreneurs and domestic capital. From the 
beginning of 2017 until 2024, the number of the Group's clients have increased from 32 thousand to more 
than 200 thousand (an increase of 7 times), the Group's loan portfolio has increased from EUR 0.15 billion 
to EUR 1.7 billion (an increase of more than 10 times), and the amount of deposits has increased from EUR 
0.25 billion to EUR 1.8 billion (an increase of 7 times). 
 
By the end of 2026, the Group's strategic goal is to increase its market share in Estonia to 10 per cent. or a 
loan portfolio of at least EUR 2 billion, and thereby to reach a position in which every tenth Estonian is an 
active customer of the Group (approximately 150,000 active customers). By increasing business volumes,

--- Page 114 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
the Group aims to achieve greater efficiency (a cost/income ratio of maximum 50 per cent.) and to offer 
shareholders a higher return on equity (a return on equity of minimum 15 per cent.). 
Services provided to clients 
The Group's services are described in the diagram below:  
 
 
Services to private customers 
 
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had around 187,000 private customers who had opened accounts with 
the Bank. There are also clients who had selected products like a car lease or a consumer financing loan 
from the Group without having a bank account. It is a policy of the Group not to require a customer to open 
a bank account if the client is only interested in a certain product.   
 
For private customers, the Group offers everyday banking services (including bank accounts, a mobile app 
and online banking services, money transfers, payment cards, and cash-in and cash-out), financing solutions 
(including home mortgage loans, credit cards, consumer finance and car leasing) and savings products 
(short-term savings, long-term deposits and pension funds). All financing services except for car leasing 
are provided by the Bank. Car leasing is offered by Coop Liising. Insurance products are offered to private 
clients by Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS, which is an insurance broker in the Group. 
 
The main service channel for private customers are digital banking solutions like the mobile app and online 
banking services. There are also 14 bank branches available, and some services are provided in Coop 
grocery stores (320 shops all over Estonia). The Group's intention is to have the best digital channels 
available on the market so that private customers should not usually need physical channels.  
 
Services to corporates  
 
The Group offers everyday banking services to business clients (including bank accounts, a mobile app and 
online banking services, money transfers, payment cards, cash-in, cash-out, point of service payment 
terminals, e-commerce payment solutions and payroll payment management), financing solutions 
(including investment loans, working capital loans and overdrafts, factoring, bank guarantees, credit cards

--- Page 115 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
and car leasing) and savings products (short-term savings and long-term deposits). All financing services 
except car leasing are provided by the Bank. Car leasing is offered by Coop Liising AS. Insurance products 
are offered by Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS, which is an insurance broker within the Group. 
 
Due to the limited size of the Group, the main target client segment has been small and medium size 
enterprises ("SMEs"). The Group will continue to focus on widening its SMEs clientele in the coming years 
in order to limit risk concentration amongst particular clients.  
 
The main sales channels for selling everyday banking services to business clients are digital channels 
(online bank services and the mobile app). In addition, the Group sees that business clients need a more 
personal approach and therefore every business client has a client relationship manager in the Bank to 
contact in case of necessity.  
General performance of business segments 
After a six-year period of low interest rates, 2023 was dominated by rising rates in the money markets and 
capital markets and waning demand for credit due to the economic slowdown. In this economic 
environment, savers were the main beneficiaries; borrowers had a harder time. The Group set the trend in 
the Estonian deposit market in 2023 when it came to increasing interest rates on term deposits to keep up 
with international market movements, as well as decreasing interest rates in January 2024. The Group was 
also pleased to see that its customers did not face problems with increased loan repayments due to increased 
base interest rates and that the Group's loan portfolio remained high-quality in the difficult macroeconomic 
circumstances. 
 
Despite the challenging economic environment, the Group continues to execute its growth strategy, and its 
market share has increased to 6.0 per cent. as of 30 June 202411. The Group's footprint in society is 
becoming increasingly visible. The Group is now on the list of critical service providers (CSPs, elutähtsa 
teenuse osutaja, ETO) – the most important companies for the functioning of society and the economy – 
whose services must continue to operate in a crisis. At the same time, the ECB has also designated the 
Group as a high impact less-significant institution. 
 
The Group has continued to develop its digital banking channels, with the introduction of biometric 
identification, Google Pay and Apple Pay, which offer convenient, secure payment options both in-store 
and online. The Group has also made it possible to apply for a loan, view loan details, open a deposit and 
amend e-invoice standing payment agreements on its mobile app. The most important product innovations 
for business customers have been the option to open an account electronically and the introduction of 
Gateway, which helps companies quickly, securely and conveniently connect their accounting to the Bank's 
services. In 2024, the Group started to cooperate with fintech company Montonio in order to offer effective 
payment solutions to e-commerce businesses. 
 
In addition to electronic channels, the Bank's tellers, administrators and customer support will continue to 
serve customers in its 14 branches in 11 towns and cities around Estonia. Having such a wide network is 
increasingly becoming the Group's biggest competitive advantage. In addition, customers can use cash 
services free of charge in all 320 Coop grocery stores and at any of the ATMs in Estonia, making the Group 
the largest cash network among banks in Estonia. The Group makes a difference in the daily lives of people 
in Estonia, and Group has a broad social impact. This was recognised in 2023 by Brand Capital, the largest 
brand and lifestyle research company in the Baltics, which awarded Coop Pank the title of 'Most Human 
Brand in Estonia'. 
 
Since the end of 2023, the Group significantly expanded its range of services for private customers and 
started offering even more convenient ways of saving money. In addition to term deposits, which are 
growing again in popularity, the Group added a flexible saving service called the "Cash Drawer" to its 
mobile application and provides customers with the option of joining the Tuleva pension fund. 
 
The rapidly growing Coop Kindlustusmaakler offers clients the chance to obtain car and third party liability 
insurance on the Bank's website. Car insurance is offered to every leasing client and home insurance is 
offered to every home mortgage client as a standard solution.  
 
11 Based on the statistics of the Estonian Finantsinspektsioon.

--- Page 116 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
The Group has also made applying for a home loan on its website quick and easy: as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Group is the only bank in Estonia that shows the applicant an indicative offer immediately 
after their application has been submitted. In order to make it easier for those who live a long way from 
towns and cities to build homes as well, the Group continues to be the only bank in Estonia that accepts 
guarantees from the Estonian Business and Innovation Agency ("EIS") for the purchase of housing in rural 
areas. The Group also accepts all other EIS guarantees to reduce the co-financing requirement. In addition, 
nearly 40 per cent. of all contracts for the purchasing of a home with Rural Enterprise Foundation (MES) 
co-financing so far have been financed by the Group. 
 
The Group's results for 2024 were primarily affected by growth in business volumes, including the number 
of customers and its loan portfolio, and the changed interest rate environment. 
 
In the 12-month period ended 31 December 2024, customer numbers grew by 25,100 to 207,600. The 
number of actively billed clients increased by 17,400 to 99,400. By the end of the year 2024, the Group's 
deposits amounted to EUR 1.89 billion, increasing by EUR 164 million (+9.5 per cent.) over the year. The 
Group's loan portfolio increased by EUR 283 million (+19.0 per cent.) over the year to reach EUR 1.77 
billion. The split between business lines of this growth is shown in table below: 
 
Loan portfolio,  
in millions of EUR 
31 
December 
2024*  
31 
December 
2023 
difference 
difference, 
per cent. 
Total receivables from private individuals 
932 
776 
156 
20.1 
incl. consumers loans 
108 
100 
8 
8.1 
incl. lease financing 
96 
73 
23 
31.5 
incl. mortgage loans and other loans 
728 
603 
125 
20.7 
Total receivables from legal entities 
861 
731 
130 
17.7 
incl. lease financing 
99 
98 
0 
0.4 
incl. other loans to legal entities 
762 
633 
129 
20.4 
Total receivables  
1,793 
1,507 
285 
18.9 
Loss allowances of loans and advances 
-19 
-16 
-2 
13.2 
Total 
1,774 
1,491 
283 
19.0 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors  
  
 
The quality of the Group's loan portfolio has remained at a good level throughout the year ending 31 
December 2024, with only 2.2 per cent. of the portfolio in arrears12 as at 31 December 2024. Nonetheless, 
based on a negative macroeconomic situation and a pessimistic outlook in the near future, the provisioning 
models used by the Group have increased provisions in order to be prepared for a potential deterioration in 
the performance of the Group's loan portfolio. Total credit cost for potential loan losses during the year 
2024 was EUR 4.6 million, and credit loss allowance increased by EUR 2.2 million or 13.2 per cent. during 
2024.  
 
The Group's continued growth in business volumes and digitalisation has led to the expected economies of 
scale, which means the Group's revenues have risen more quickly than its costs between 2017 and 2024 
bringing cost to income ratio from a level close to 70 per cent. down to a level below 50 per cent. over the 
last three years. The same trend has increased the Group's profitability and has brought return on equity 
from around 10 per cent. to a level above 15 per cent. over the last three years. 
 
The Group's interest income and expenses are largely affected by the general interest rate environment: on 
the one hand, the rise in EURIBOR since mid-2022 until the end of 2023 led to an exceptional increase in 
revenue, while on the other hand, the cost of interest on deposits increased. The daily average 6-month 
EURIBOR rate was 3.69 per cent. during the year 2023 and 3.53 per cent. during 202413. The average 
amount of interest bearing assets of the Group was EUR 2,069 million during the year 2024. It is therefore 
estimated that interest rate change did not significantly affect the Group's interest income for this period 
 
12 Counted since the first due date. 
13 Source: https://www.euribor-rates.eu/en/

--- Page 117 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
but on the other hand average interest paid on deposits grew significantly, which caused an increase of 
interest costs by EUR 21.7 million during 2024. The year 2023 shall be considered as extraordinary for the 
banking sector in the Eurozone whereas 2024 was more stable in respect of net interest margins, return on 
assets and return on equity. 
Competition 
The Bank is one of the five universal banks operating in Estonia. The biggest competitors on the market 
are Swedbank, SEB, Luminor and LHV. The Swedish banks (Swedbank and SEB) have the largest share 
of the market, with a total market share of around 61 per cent. of deposits and loans in total as of 30 June 
2024.14 
Market shares of loans (30 June 2024)15 
 
 
 
 
14 Based on the statistics of the Estonian Finantsinspektsioon: https://www.fi.ee/sites/default/files/fi_eft_2024_eng.pdf 
15 Based on the statistics of the Estonian Finantsinspektsioon: https://www.fi.ee/sites/default/files/fi_eft_2024_eng.pdf 
Swedbank
37%
SEB Pank
24%
LHV Pank
13%
Luminor
11%
Coop 
Pank
6%
Others
9%
Market 
size
28 billion 
€

--- Page 118 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Market shares of Deposits (30 June 2024)16 
 
With a distinctly differentiated strategy, the Group has been growing more than 30 per cent. per annum in 
all key indicators (number of customers, loan portfolio, deposit portfolio, profit) each year during the period 
of 2017-2024 and has increased its market share from 1 per cent. to 6.0 per cent. As the Group has grown 
each year, it is increasingly difficult to keep the rate of growth at this pace and so it is logical to expect that 
the rate of growth will slow down somewhat in the coming years, however, the general strategy of the 
Group is to continue to grow 2-3 times faster than the overall market and therefore continue to increase its 
market share constantly.  
The Bank's strategic goal is to achieve economies of scale by the end of 2026, which involves growing the 
number of daily banking active customers to at least 150,000, increasing the loan portfolio to at least EUR 
2 billion and lowering the cost/income ratio below 50 per cent. By achieving these performance targets, the 
Bank aims to keep the return on equity at a level above 15 per cent. and ensure value growth for its 
shareholders. 
Information Technology 
The Bank's IT function is comprised of IT development, IT administration and IT security, which are led 
and managed by the head of IT who directly reports to the CEO. 
The Bank is a technology driven company and leverages its strong internal IT team to focus on digital 
solutions for customers and its employees. The Bank has both modern digital as well as physical channels 
that are supported by an internal team that is roughly a fifth of the total workforce. This allows for the in-
house development and management of business priority system components, which provide flexibility in 
changing market conditions. 
The Bank's systems are designed, built and managed in an efficient manner to provide performance and 
scalability to company goals and strategy. This is achieved by utilizing modern architecture standards, 
process automation and technology life-cycle management principles. 
The Management Board has overall accountability for overseeing the IT strategy implementation process 
by approving it and its adherence to the company strategy as well as establishing effective risk management 
frameworks for IT and information security risks. IT strategy is reviewed annually to ensure that it is current 
and encompasses changes in the business environment as well as organizational changes. 
 
16 Based on the statistics of the Estonian Finantsinspektsioon: https://www.fi.ee/sites/default/files/fi_eft_2024_eng.pdf 
Swedbank
40%
SEB Pank
21%
LHV Pank
18%
Coop 
Pank
6%
Luminor
4%
Others
11%
Market
size
31 billion 
€

--- Page 119 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
The ICT risk management system is digital and follows a clear audit log for all changes and updates to 
procedures and controls. ICT risks are reported to the Management Board on a quarterly basis. 
IT development and administration processes are governed by utilizing different technology platforms to 
ensure process visibility and provide transparency for optimisation and audit. 
The Bank's IT and information security measures include: 
• 
defined access control management procedures, including access criteria, access management, 
access logging, and several authentication methods; 
• 
defined physical security access procedures and measures, including workstation access 
limitations, training and education; 
• 
security monitoring for detecting anomalies in on-site and off-site traffic activities and treating 
them appropriately; 
• 
independent external vulnerability and security testing to provide external feedback for internal 
improvements; 
• 
appropriate IT administrative operation security measures, including software and firmware life-
cycle management, network segmentation, secure network component configuration guidelines, 
data loss prevention measures, tested recovery principles and practices, encryption procedures for 
internal and external systems, endpoint protection measures and other measures in order to provide 
a secure, sustainable and monitored operational environment; and 
• 
information security training and procedures for the organization that include periodic programs 
to create awareness and understanding of ICT and information security risks in order to ensure 
consistency and performance according to internal guidelines and procedures while reducing the 
risk of human error, theft, misuse of information, and fraud in relation to information and ICT 
risks. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains the following insurance policies:  
• 
comprehensive crime and professional indemnity;  
• 
directors' and officers' liability; and 
• 
special insurance against fraud and cyberattacks.  
The Group's insurance policies are subject to commercially negotiated deductibles, exclusions and 
limitations. Therefore, insurance may not cover all losses incurred by the Group and no assurance is given 
that the Group will not suffer losses beyond the limits of, or outside the cover provided by, its insurance 
policies.  
Compliance 
The Bank's compliance function plays a vital role in identifying, assessing and providing advice relating to 
compliance with applicable laws and regulatory requirements. The compliance role also carries out the role 
of a data protection officer. In addition to monitoring and reporting on compliance-related risks (which may 
give rise to legal and administrative penalties, financial loss or reputational damage), the compliance 
function is also responsible for conducting compliance audits. The compliance function covers the entire 
activity of the Bank and is not limited to specific areas. However, the Bank has separated the anti money 
laundering ("AML") compliance function from the general compliance function.

--- Page 120 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Anti-Money Laundering 
Managing the risks related to financial crime including money laundering, financing of terrorism and 
implementation of international sanctions, is mainly divided between the first and second lines of defence. 
The Bank applies a risk-based approach, which relies on the assessment of its exposure to financial crime 
risks. The Bank invests substantially in strengthening and maintaining a robust controls framework and 
systems. As set out in the Bank's customer acceptance principles, potential new and existing high risk 
clients' business relationships can only be approved by the Bank's Accounts Committee. Business units, 
being the owners and managers of the risk, and the risk-takers, are responsible for implementing the main 
KYC principles and due diligence measures, including collecting and maintaining the information during 
the customer relationship.  
Controls in the first line of defence are performed by the Daily Banking and Financing business units' KYC 
teams, which are responsible for the maintenance of area-related procedures, initial analysis of suspicious 
customers and transactions, preparation and conduct of trainings and supporting of internal reporting.  
Controls in the second line of defence are performed by the AML department, which is responsible for 
supporting governance and the risk assessment framework, the maintenance of area related policies and 
procedures, analysis and information sharing of ongoing trends, design and support on internal reporting, 
deciding and reporting to authorities on suspicious customers and transactions (MLRO responsibility) 
based on, and escalations received from, the first line of defence and development and maintenance of the 
training framework.  
The Group maintains a comprehensive and automated screening and monitoring system, designed to create 
alerts when high-risk transactions take place. In addition, the entire customer base is screened on a daily 
basis to ensure that financial sanctions are implemented when required, and any politically exposed persons 
are detected. 
Litigation 
 
Group members participate in several civil and administrative court proceedings in the course of everyday 
business. In general, Group members act as plaintiffs in the court proceedings requesting fulfilment of 
obligations from debtors and other customers of the Group. Considering the nature of the business of the 
Group, claiming debts in court proceedings as a plaintiff is part of the everyday economic activities of the 
Group. In addition, the Bank, Coop Finants and Coop Liising operate in heavily regulated areas of activity 
and the EFSA supervises the companies, mainly through regular administrative procedures as regards 
financial supervision.

--- Page 121 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Management 
Management Structure of the Bank 
 
The management board (the "Management Board") and the supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board") 
are the managing bodies of the Bank, and the general meeting (the "General Meeting") is the highest 
managing body of the Bank. The Management Board is responsible for the everyday management of the 
Bank's activities and is authorised to represent the Bank in concluding transactions and performing acts in 
accordance with the law and the articles of association of the Bank (the "Articles of Association"). The 
Supervisory Board is responsible for the strategic planning and management of the Bank´s operations and 
for supervising the activities of the Management Board. The General Meeting provides a decision-making 
forum for the shareholders to exercise their principal rights as shareholders. 
 
Additionally, an advisory Audit Committee (which also has the competence of the risk committee) and a 
Remuneration Committee have been formed by the Supervisory Board, and a decision-making Credit 
Committee, Assets and Liabilities Management Committee, Accounts Committee and Development 
Projects Committee have been formed by the Management Board.  
 
The place of business of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board is the registered address of the 
Bank – Maakri 30, Tallinn, 15014, Republic of Estonia.  
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any of the Supervisory Board and Management Board 
members' duties owed to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties. 
Management Board 
 
Role. The Management Board manages the everyday activities of the Bank based on the strategy confirmed 
by the Supervisory Board and supervises the everyday activities of the Bank's employees. The Management 
Board reports to the Supervisory Board and must adhere to its lawful instructions. The Management Board 
prepares the matters to be discussed at a general meeting and the drafts of resolutions, and guarantees the 
enforcement of the resolutions of the General Meeting.  
 
Duties. In accordance with the CIA, the Management Board must present an overview of the activities and 
economic situation of the Bank to the Supervisory Board at least once every three months and is under the 
obligation to give immediate notice of any material deterioration of the economic condition of the Bank or 
threat of such deterioration or deviation from prudential ratios to the members of the Supervisory Board. 
Transactions which are beyond the scope of everyday economic activities of the Bank may only be 
concluded by the Management Board with the prior consent of the Supervisory Board. 
 
The Management Board is also required to fulfil the following duties in accordance with the Articles of 
Association of the Bank and the CIA: 
(a) 
develop a three-year strategy of the Bank and submit the developed strategy to the 
Supervisory Board for approval; 
(b) 
develop a business plan for implementation of the strategy approved by the Supervisory 
Board and submit an overview of implementation of the strategy and/or the need to 
modify the strategy to the Supervisory Board together with the budget of the subsequent 
calendar year and the investment plan; 
(c) 
submit to the Supervisory Board a monthly overview of the economic activities and 
economic performance of the previous month and the balance and income statement of 
the Bank and a monthly report on the economic performance of the Bank in comparison 
with the previous year;

--- Page 122 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
(d) 
submit the strategy and budget of the Bank for the subsequent calendar year to the 
Supervisory Board for approval by November of each year at the latest; 
(e) 
establish and regularly review the Bank´s risk taking, management, monitoring and risk 
mitigation principles and procedures which comprise both the current and also potential 
risks, including risks from the macroeconomic environment; 
(f) 
determine the risk tolerance of the Bank for each relevant business line and unit; 
(g) 
establish the Bank´s principles and procedures for managing the trading portfolio; 
(h) 
approve and submit to the EFSA the financial recovery plan prepared on the basis of the 
Financial Crisis Prevention and Resolution Act (Finantskriisis ennetamise ja lahendmise 
seadus) (the "FCPRA") and be apprised of the relevant information on a regular basis; 
(i) 
identify and assess regularly all risks involved in the activities of the Bank and ensure the 
monitoring and control of the extent of such risks; 
(j) 
ensure the existence of adequate financial resources and members of staff or third persons 
for the management of all the significant risks of the Bank and for evaluation of the assets 
related to these risks, and for the implementation of external credit quality assessments 
and internal models; 
(k) 
develop the organisational structure of the Bank on the basis of the principles provided 
for in the Articles of Association and approve the structure of the Bank; 
(l) 
develop and implement systems for monitoring the activities of the Bank, ensure 
adherence to such systems, regularly assess the adequacy thereof and improve them if 
necessary pursuant to the principles established by the Supervisory Board; 
(m) 
ensure that all members of staff of the Bank are aware of the provisions of legislation 
relating to their duties of employment and of the principles provided for in the documents 
approved by the managing bodies of the Bank; 
(n) 
organise the effective functioning of the internal control system of the Bank and ensure 
monitoring of the compliance of the activities of the Bank and the managers and members 
of staff thereof with legislation and the documents approved by the managing bodies of 
the Bank and with the principles of sound banking management; 
(o) 
ensure the existence and functioning of systems to guarantee that information necessary 
for members of staff of the Bank to perform their duties is communicated thereto in a 
timely manner; 
(p) 
ensure the safety and regular monitoring of information technology systems used by the 
Bank and systems used for the safekeeping of assets of customers; 
(q) 
inform the Supervisory Board to the extent and pursuant to the procedure established 
thereby of all discovered violations of legislation or of internal rules or other rules 
established by the managing bodies of the Bank; 
(r) 
monitor that adequate separation of functions is guaranteed in all the activities of the 
Bank and avoid the creation of conflict of interests; and 
(s) 
arrange the disclosure of relevant data by the Bank.

--- Page 123 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
Pursuant to the law, the Management Board must also organise the accounting of the Bank and submit 
annual reports to the Supervisory Board for review and to the General Meeting for approval. The 
Management Board is required to act in the most economically purposeful manner. Each member of the 
management board is required to perform his or her duties using the care due of a prudent businessman. 
 
Members of the Management Board. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Management 
Board consists of up to seven members elected for a term of up to five years by the Supervisory Board. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board of the Bank comprises five members on whom 
detailed information has been provided below.  
Margus Rink is the Chairman of the Management Board. He has been working in the banking sector for 
more than 15 years. 
In addition to chairing the Management Board of the Bank, Margus Rink is a member of the supervisory 
boards of the Bank's subsidiaries Coop Liising AS and Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS. Margus Rink is a 
member of the management board of the Estonian Bank Association and a member of the management 
board of the Estonian Chamber of Commerce and Industry. 
Previous positions: 
• 
2015-2016 Magnum AS, Chairman of the Management Board 
• 
2008-2015 Eesti Energia AS, Member of the Management Board 
• 
1996-2008 Hansapank AS, various positions, incl. Head of Personal Banking and Retail 
Banking Manager 
• 
1994-1996 Eesti Ühispank, various positions 
Margus Rink graduated with a Bachelor's degree from the Faculty of Economics at the University of Tartu 
in 1994 and obtained a Master's degree in Business Management from the same university in 2000. 
Paavo Truu is member of the Management Board and the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank. He has 
extensive experience in financial management. 
 
In addition to sitting on the Management Board of the Bank, Paavo Truu is a member of the supervisory 
boards of the Bank's subsidiaries Coop Liising AS and Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS. 
 
Previous positions: 
• 
2018–2022 Coop Eesti Keskühistu, Member of the Board and Chief Financial Officer 
• 
2013–2018 AS Magnum, Member of the Board 
• 
2012–2013 Alexela Group OÜ, Chief Financial Officer 
• 
2007-2012 Bauhof Grupp AS, Member of the Board 
• 
1998–2007 AS Ühendatud Kapital, Chairman of the Management Board and Chief 
Financial Officer 
 
Paavo Truu graduated with a Bachelor's degree in marketing, finance and banking from the University of 
Tartu in 1996 and with a Master's degree in digitalisation from Tallinn University of Technology in 2020. 
 
Heikko Mäe is a member of the Management Board of and the Head of Risk at the Bank. He has many 
years' experience in risk management.

--- Page 124 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
In addition to sitting on the Management Board of the Bank, Heikko Mäe is a member of the supervisory 
boards of the Bank's subsidiaries Coop Liising AS and Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS and a member of the 
management board of its subsidiary SIA Prana Property. 
 
Previous positions: 
• 
2015–2019 Magnum Veterinaaria AS, Director 
• 
2012–2015 Eesti Energia AS, Director of Energy Trading 
• 
2008–2012 Eesti Energia AS, Director of the Risk Management and Internal Auditing Unit 
• 
2004–2008 PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisors AS, Senior Consultant 
 
Heikko Mäe was a founding member of Tuleva TÜ and served on the supervisory board of Tuleva Fondid 
AS until 2020. 
Heikko Mäe graduated with a Master's degree in Law from Audentes International University in 2008. 
 
Arko Kurtmann is a member of the Management Board of and the Head of Business Client Banking at 
the Bank. He has many years' experience in banking and in business client banking in particular. 
 
In addition to sitting on the Management Board of the Bank, Arko Kurtmann is a member of the supervisory 
boards of the Bank's subsidiaries Coop Liising AS, and Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS. 
 
Previous positions: 
• 
2012–2019 LHV Pank AS, Head of Business Banking Department 
• 
2010–2011 Ektornet (Swedish subsidiary of Swedbank), Member of the Management Board 
• 
2007–2010 Swedbank AS, Loan restructuring officer 
• 
2005–2007 Evli Securities AS, Publicly tradable share analyst 
 
Arko Kurtmann graduated with a degree in Economics and Business from the Estonian University of Life 
Sciences. 
 
Karel Parve is a member of the Management Board of and the Head of Private Client Banking at the Bank. 
He has previous long-term work experience in the financial sector. 
 
In addition to sitting on the Management Board of the Bank, Karel Parve is a member of the supervisory 
boards of the Bank's subsidiaries Coop Liising AS and Coop Kindlustusmaakler AS. 
 
Previous positions: 
• 
2019–2023 AS LHV Pank, different positions, including head of private banking 
• 
2018–2019 Luminor Bank AS, different positions 
• 
2015–2017 Swedbank AS, different positions 
Karel Parve received a bachelor's degree in international relations from Bucknell University in 2012. 
Supervisory Board 
 
Role. The Supervisory Board is responsible for the planning of the activities of the Bank, organising the 
management of the Bank, and supervising the activities of the Bank and the Management Board. The

--- Page 125 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Supervisory Board is accountable to the shareholders of the Bank (exercising their rights through the 
General Meeting) and the Supervisory Board informs the General Meeting of the results of supervision.  
 
Duties. In accordance with the legislation and the Articles of Association, the duties of the Supervisory 
Board include the duties to: 
(a) 
approve the strategy and general principles of the activities of the Bank; 
(b) 
approve the general principles of risk management of the Bank; 
(c) 
approve the principles of remuneration of the members of the Management Board and 
members of staff of the Bank; 
(d) 
approve the principles of the organisational structure of the Bank; 
(e) 
approve the general principles of monitoring of the activities of the Bank; 
(f) 
approve the statutes of the internal audit unit; 
(g) 
elect and remove the chairman and members of the Management Board; 
(h) 
appoint and remove from office the head of the internal audit unit of the Bank and, on the 
proposal of the head of the internal audit unit, appoint and remove from office members 
of staff of the internal audit unit; 
(i) 
approve the budget and the investment plan of the Bank; 
(j) 
decide on the foundation or closure of branches in foreign states; 
(k) 
approve the general principles of the activities and the competence of the credit 
committee; 
(l) 
decide on the conclusion of transactions which are beyond the scope of the everyday 
economic activities of the Bank; 
(m) 
decide on the conclusion of transactions with members of the Management Board, and 
appoint the representative of the Bank in such transactions; 
(n) 
file claims against members of the Management Board, and appoint the representative of 
the Bank in such claims; 
(o) 
approve the financial recovery plan prepared on the basis of the FCPRA; and 
(p) 
decide on other matters placed in the competence of the Supervisory Board by the 
Articles of Association or legislation, including but not limited to, approving and 
modifying the risk profile of the Bank and adopting and modifying the budget and 
business plan of the Bank as well as Bank´s investment in other companies or acquiring 
of holdings therein.  
 
The Supervisory Board consists of five to seven members elected for a term of up to five years. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board comprises of six members, on whom detailed 
information has been provided below.

--- Page 126 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
Rainer Rohtla (the Chairman of the Supervisory Board) has obtained higher education in logistics 
management from Jyväskyla university of Applied Sciences, Finland. Rainer Rohtla has worked in top 
management positions in various logistics management related international enterprises, the latest of them 
from 2019-2022 as General Manager of Via 3L Group. Since February 2023 he acts as chairman of the 
board of Coop Eesti Keskühistu. 
 
Silver Kuus has obtained a master's degree in international business management from the Estonian 
Business School. Silver Kuus has worked in top management positions in different financial institutions, 
the latest of them from 2017-2019 as manager of corporate banking at Luminor Bank AS. Currently, he is 
the manager of the business consulting company OÜ Lorikoru Capital. 
 
Viljar Arakas holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from EBS International University and 
has completed his second bachelor's degree at Hogeschool NOVI in the Netherlands. Viljar Arakas is a 
founding member and a member of the Management Board and CEO of EfTEN Capital AS, the largest 
management company focused on commercial real estate in the Baltic States. 
 
Raul Parusk has obtained master's degrees in political economy from Moscow National University and in 
business management from Vienna Business School. He has worked in top management positions in 
different companies, including credit institutions. During the period of 2017 until August 2021 Raul Parusk 
was a member of the management boards of Forus Grupp OÜ, Forus Security AS and Forus Haldus OÜ. 
As of March 2022, Raul Parusk is a member of the board of Kodea OÜ. 
 
Jaan Marjundi has obtained higher education in process engineering from Tallinn Polytechnical Institute 
(currently TalTech). For many years, he has worked in top management positions of retail establishments. 
Since 2007, Jaan Marjundi is a chairman of the board of Harju Tarbijate Ühistu (Harju Consumer 
Association) and, since 2017, a member of the Supervisory Board of the Bank. 
 
Roman Provotorov has obtained higher education in economics and management from the Estonian 
Agricultural University (currently the Estonian University of Life Sciences). Since 1995, he is chairman of 
the board of Antsla Tarbijate Ühistu (Antsla Consumer Association) and, since 2017, member of the 
Supervisory Board of the Bank. 
 
General Meeting  
The General Meeting is the highest governing body of the Bank.  
 
The competence of the General Meeting includes:  
• 
approving any amendment to the Articles of Association; 
• 
approving any increase and reduction of share capital; 
• 
approving the issue of convertible bonds; 
• 
approving the election, and removal, of members of the Supervisory Board; 
• 
approving the election of an auditor;  
• 
approving the conduct of a special audit;  
• 
approving annual reports and the distribution of profits;  
• 
approving the dissolution, merger, division or transformation of the Bank;  
• 
approving the conclusion, and terms and conditions, of transactions with members of the 
Supervisory Board, determining the conduct of legal disputes with members of the Supervisory 
Board and the appointment of a representative of the Bank in such transactions and disputes; and

--- Page 127 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
• 
approving other matters within the competence of the General Meeting by law.  
 
The General Meeting must be held once a year and within six months from the end of the financial year, 
pursuant to the procedures and at the time set forth by law and the Articles of Association.  
 
A General Meeting must be convened as set forth in the Articles of Association but also:  
(i) 
where the net equity of a company decreases below the legally required minimum level, 
or  
(ii) 
if shareholders representing at least one-tenth of the share capital, the Supervisory Board, 
or  
(iii) 
the Bank's auditor request that a meeting is convened, or  
(iv) 
if the General Meeting is required in the interests of the Bank.  
 
If the Management Board fails to convene a special General Meeting within one month after the receipt of 
the relevant request from shareholders (or from the Supervisory Board or from the auditor), the shareholders 
(or, respectively, the Supervisory Board or the auditor) have the right to convene the General Meeting 
themselves.  
 
The General Meeting will be quorate if shareholders holding shares representing more than 50 per cent. of 
the total voting rights represented by all shares held by shareholders are present at the General Meeting. If 
this quorum requirement is not met, the Management Board is required to convene a new meeting not more 
than three weeks, but not less than seven days, after the date of the initial meeting. There are no quorum 
requirements applicable to an adjourned General Meeting convened in such a manner.  
 
Save as otherwise specified, a resolution of the General Meeting will be passed by a majority of the 
shareholders eligible to vote at such meeting voting in favour of such resolution. Certain resolutions, such 
as approving an amendment to the Articles of Association, increasing or decreasing the share capital and 
resolutions relating to a merger or liquidation of the Bank require a qualified majority of at least two-thirds 
of the votes represented at the General Meeting. In addition to such resolutions, there are resolutions which 
require an even higher rate of affirmative votes of shareholders, such as excluding the shareholders' 
preferential right to subscribe for new shares upon an increase of the share capital, which requires the 
affirmative vote of three-quarters of the votes represented at the General Meeting, and the "squeeze-out" of 
minority shares, which requires the affirmative vote of ninety-five per cent. of the votes represented at the 
General Meeting. 
Committees 
Audit Committee 
 
Role. The Audit Committee has been established in the Bank in accordance with the CIA and the Auditors 
Activities Act. The Audit Committee is an advisory body formed by and acting under the supervision of 
the Supervisory Board advising in matters involving accounting, auditing, risk management, internal 
control and audit, exercising of oversight, budget preparation, and the legality of the activities.  
 
In accordance with legislation, the duty of the Audit Committee is to monitor and analyse: 
 
1. 
processing of financial information; 
 
2. 
efficiency of risk management and internal control and internal audit; 
 
3. 
the process of auditing of annual accounts or consolidated accounts; and 
 
4. 
independence of an audit firm and a sworn auditor representing an audit firm on the basis of law 
and the compliance of their activities with the Auditors Activities Act.

--- Page 128 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
 
A separate risk committee has not been formed by the Supervisory Board, and instead, the Audit Committee 
performs the duties of a risk committee. Such an arrangement of activities is in compliance with the CIA if 
it is proportional to the nature, extent and level of complexity of the activities of the credit institution and 
the members of an audit committee have the necessary knowledge, skills and experience to fulfil the duties 
of a risk committee. The competence, rights and principles of activity of both the Audit Committee and the 
risk committee are determined by the Supervisory Board.  
 
When performing the duties of the risk committee, the Audit Committee is responsible for: 
1. 
consulting the Supervisory Board and the Management Board in the fields of risk management 
principles and risk tolerance of the credit institution; 
2. 
supervision over the implementation of risk management principles by the Management Board 
in accordance with the guidance of the Supervisory Board; and 
3. 
checking how the business model and risk management principles are taken into consideration in 
the fees established to customers of the credit institution and in the case of deficiencies 
submission of a remedy plan to the Supervisory Board. 
 
Members of the Audit Committee. In accordance with the rules and regulations of the Audit Committee, 
the Audit Committee consists of at least two members who will be selected from the members of the 
Supervisory Board by the Supervisory Board. Instead of members of the Supervisory Board, other persons 
appointed by the Supervisory Board can be members of the Audit Committee, who have the knowledge, 
skills and experience required from a member of the committee, excluding employees and members of the 
Management Board. Members of the risk committee must have the required knowledge, skills and 
experience to understand and constantly monitor the principles of risk management and risk tolerance of 
the Bank. The Audit Committee of the Bank currently comprises four members, who are Veiko Haavapuu 
(chairman), Silver Kuus, Rainer Rohtla and Stan Nahkor. Detailed information about Rainer Rohtla and 
Silver Kuus has been provided above in the section entitled "Supervisory Board" above.  
Stan Nahkor is a financial expert and sworn auditor with long-term experience in management, financial 
auditing, business consulting and risk management. He has been a partner at Ernst & Young, a member of 
the board of PricewaterhouseCoopers and a member of the management of Sorainen Law firm. Stan Nahkor 
holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the Estonian Business School. 
Veiko Haavapuu is an experienced financial expert and a Member of the Management Board and Financial 
Director of Coop Eesti Keskühistu. Veiko Haavapuu has previously worked as the CFO of several large 
companies and organizations, such as Statoil, Tallink and Rail Baltica. He holds a bachelor's degree in 
Accounting and Business Management from Tallinn University of Technology and has studied 
International Business Administration in the Estonian Business School. 
Remuneration Committee 
Role. In accordance with the CIA, the Remuneration Committee has been established in the Bank from the 
members of the Supervisory Board. The Remuneration Committee is a body of the Bank with the function 
to evaluate the implementation of the principles of remuneration in the Bank and the effect of the resolutions 
related to remuneration on meeting the requirements set for risk management, own resources and liquidity. 
The Remuneration Committee is accountable to the Supervisory Board.  
The Remuneration Committee: 
1. 
supervises the remuneration of the members of the Management Board and members of staff; 
 
2. 
at least once a year evaluates the implementation of the principles of remuneration and, if 
necessary, makes a proposal for updating the principles of remuneration; and 
 
3. 
prepares the draft resolutions on remuneration for the Supervisory Board. 
The Remuneration Committee bases its activities on the long-term interests of the shareholders or members 
and customers, and public interest. The Remuneration Committee currently comprises four members, who

--- Page 129 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
are the members of the Supervisory Board: Rainer Rohlta, Raul Parusk and Jaan Marjundi, and independent 
member Irja Rae.  
Irja Rae has obtained master's degrees from the University of Tartu in business administration and from 
Tallinna Tehnikaülikool (TalTech) in digital change-management. She has extensive experience in HR 
consult companies Fontes PMP and Fontes Palgakonsultatsioonid OÜ. Irja Rae is currently a member of 
the management board in Fontes Palgakonsultatsioonid OÜ. 
Credit Committee 
Role. In accordance with the CIA, the Credit Committee has been established in the Bank. The Credit 
Committee is a body of the Bank, the purpose of which is to ensure uniform implementation of the credit 
policy in the Group through the adoption of decisions. The Credit Committee is accountable to the 
Management Board.  
The Credit Committee acts in accordance with the statutes approved by the Supervisory Board (the "Credit 
Committee Statutes") pursuant to which the Credit Committee holds the sole responsibility for decisions 
concerning the conclusion, amendment and performance of credit contracts in case the total risk exposure 
of the client and related parties exceeds EUR 1,000,000. In certain cases, the Credit Committee is allowed 
to delegate its decision-making competence to a lower decision-making level provided that it establishes a 
client-based credit limit by products limited to a fixed amount and with a maximum term of one year or 
provided that it sets a discretion rule for decisions based on the condition that the increase in credit risk 
remains below 10 per cent. of the last sum set by the Credit Committee and the additional decision does not 
change the risk profile of the client by more than an additional EUR 500,000.   
The Credit Committee is also responsible for different issues concerning credit contracts, including 
determining problem loans and issues concerning restructuring, extraordinary termination of contracts, 
approval of plans for the realisation of problem loan collaterals and sales prices, termination of management 
of problem loans, evaluation of credit claims, evaluation of uncollectable loans and write-offs, evaluation 
of the customers' risk of money laundering and adoption of necessary decisions, including opening and 
closing of accounts.  
Members of the Credit Committee. The Credit Committee appointed by the decision of the Management 
Board consists of at least five members in accordance with the Articles of Association and Credit 
Committee Statutes. Bank employees and the members of the Management Board of the Bank and its 
Subsidiaries can be appointed as members of the Credit Committee. Members of the Credit Committee are 
divided into ex officio members and named members. Members of the Management Board of the Bank are 
ex officio members. The Management Board of the Bank can appoint alternate named members. The 
alternate members have the right to vote. Upon appointment of named members, the value added to the 
work of the Credit Committee by the person and his or her position are taken into consideration. No alternate 
members are appointed for named members. The Management Board of the Bank will appoint the Chairman 
of the Credit Committee amongst the members of the Credit Committee, who cannot be the Chairman of 
the Management Board.   
Currently the ex officio members of the Credit Committee are all Management Board Members, Head of 
Credit Risk Kerstin Loss and Head of Corporate Customer Financing Lehar Kütt. 
Assets and Liabilities Committee 
Role. The Asset and Liability Committee ("ALCO") is a body established by the Management Board with 
the main function being to design the structure of Group´s assets and liabilities considering the required 
liquidity, risk appetite and profitability. The specific competence, rights and policies of ALCO have been 
established by the decision of the Management Board. The committee reports to the Management Board 
and acts in accordance with the rules and regulations of the ALCO.  
ALCO is responsible for the following matters:  
1. group-wide management of liquidity risk, including (i) assessment, planning of short- and long-term 
liquidity position and planning and implementation of the measures to be used; monitoring of the 
structure, dynamics and diversification of funding sources; (ii) optimisation of the maturity structure

--- Page 130 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
of the assets and liabilities, profitability and liquidity of instruments to achieve the strategic objectives; 
(iii) monitoring the dynamics of the liquidity position and adherence to limits of liquidity risk as well 
as adoption of decisions to guarantee the liquidity position; (iv) regular oversight of liquidity stress 
testing; and (v) approving interest rates of deposits, adoption of volume and interest rates of campaigns 
for deposit taking and the special offers targeted to customers;  
 
2. management of the income and market risk of the Bank, including (i) management of the return on 
assets and the price of resources (incl. identification, assessment of risks, implementation and 
monitoring of control measures); (ii) management of the currency structure of the balance of assets and 
liabilities; (iii) approval of base rates of credit products; and (iv) adoption of limits for the securities 
portfolio, including setting limits considering specific markets, possible instruments and 
securities/issuers; and 
 
3. management of the counterparty credit risk, including introducing limits on term and volume measures 
related to financial institutions and counterparties. 
ALCO members. ALCO is established by the decision of the Management Board and comprises of at least 
five members including ex officio all the members of the Management Board and the Head of Treasury. 
Currently the ALCO consists of six members who are: 
• 
Gunnar Mäemets, Head of Treasury, 
• 
Margus Rink, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Management Board, 
• 
Erje Mettas, Head of Corporate Daily Banking, 
• 
Moonika Maaring, Head of Retail Daily Banking, 
• 
Heikko Mäe, Chief Risk Officer, Member of the Management Board, 
• 
Paavo Truu, Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Management Board. 
Accounts Committee 
Role. The Accounts Committee is a body competent to make decisions, established by the Management 
Board with the main function to ensure application of due diligence measures set in the Money Laundering 
and Terrorist Financing Prevention Act upon establishment, and monitoring and, if necessary, termination 
of customer relationships. The specific competence, rights and policies of the Accounts Committee have 
been established by the decision of the Management Board. The Accounts Committee reports to the 
Management Board. 
 
The Accounts Committee is responsible for the adoption of the following decisions pursuant to a risk-based 
approach:  
 
1. establishment of customer relationships or the refusal to establish a relationship if the risk level of 
the client is high or extremely high; and 
2. regular or ad hoc monitoring of the customer relationships with customers who have a high or 
extremely high level of risk and, if necessary, termination thereof.  
Members of the Accounts Committee. In accordance with the decision of the Management Board, the 
Accounts Committee consists of at least three members. Currently, the committee has five members, i.e. 
Heikko Mäe (member of the Management Board), Margus Rink (member of the Management Board), Karel 
Parve (member of the Management Board), Sander Hein (Head of AML Compliance) and Erje Mettas 
(Head of Business Customer Daily Banking).  
Development Projects Committee 
 
Role. The Development Projects Committee (the "DPC") is a body competent to make decisions established 
by the Management Board with the main function to organise the management of development projects

--- Page 131 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
required for achieving the objectives of the Bank and its Subsidiaries, adopt managerial decisions and 
observe development activity. More detailed responsibilities, rights and policies of the DPC have been 
established by the Management Board decision. 
 
The main task of the DPC is to lead different developments in order to attain the strategic goals of the 
Group through prioritising development projects and adopting decisions on the investments necessary for 
development.  
 
Members of the Development Projects Committee. In accordance with the decision of the Management 
Board, the DPC consists of seven members. The members of the DPC are currently: Margus Rink, Paavo 
Truu, Heikko Mäe, Arko Kurtmann, Karel Parve, Martin Kuustik (Head of IT) and Ilme-Ly Keerberg (IT 
Development Manager). 
Employees  
In 2024, the average number of Group employees in full time employment was 433. The number of 
employees per business segment as at 31 December 2024 has been given in the table below. Currently all 
the employees work in Estonia.  
 
Full time employees by 
business segments and functions 
31 December 
2024 
Retail banking 
113 
Corporate banking 
49 
Leasing 
15 
Consumer finance 
2 
Insurance broker 
7 
Other 
  
IT and e-channels 
128 
Risks 
37 
Other 
99 
Total 
450

--- Page 132 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
"Presentation of financial and other information", "Selected Consolidated Financial Information of the 
Group" and the Financial Statements. 
The discussion of the Group’s consolidated financial condition and results of operations is based upon the 
Financial Statements which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. See "Presentation of financial 
and other information" for a discussion of the source of the information presented in this section and certain 
other relevant information. 
 
PRINCIPAL FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
As at 31 December 2024, the biggest share of the Group's assets were loans and advances to customers 
which made up 81.1 per cent. of total assets, followed by cash and cash equivalents (representing cash and 
demand deposits at the Estonian Central Bank, credit institutions and other financial institutions) with a 
15.7 per cent. share. The Bank has a very limited amount of investments in debt securities, being 1.7 per 
cent. of total assets as at 31 December 2024 (1.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2023). Based on the structure 
of its assets, one of the main factors affecting the results of the Group is loan portfolio performance. The 
results can be significantly affected in the case that (a) the share of loans overdue or non-performing loans 
increases significantly or (b) the loan margins decrease significantly. Another large asset category is cash 
and cash equivalents held mainly in the form of deposits in the Central Bank of Estonia, and as such, the 
interest rates for the deposit facility set by the ECB is another important factor affecting the results of the 
Group. 
The Group has funded its activities mainly with deposits from customers, which represent a share of 86.2 
per cent. of total assets, and a further 9.7 per cent. of funding comes from equity as at 31 December 2024. 
The Group has received a subordinated loan and issued subordinated Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 notes 
with a total face value of EUR 63.1 million. The Group has not issued any senior debt or covered bonds as 
of 31 December 2024. Based on its funding structure the Group’s funding cost is mainly driven by 
competition in the Estonian deposit market. The results of the Group would be affected by increased local 
competition which could lead to higher deposit interest rates and cause an increase in interest expenses. 
Although the Group has not been affected by the international capital markets so far, however following 
the issuance of any Covered Bonds, the share of funding related to international capital markets will grow, 
and as such, the interest rate environment in the eurozone capital markets may affect the results of the 
Group. 
The structure of the Group's assets and liabilities as at 31 December in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022 is 
shown in table below. 
Structure of assets and liabilities, per cent., % 
As at 31 
December 
2024* 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
Assets 
  
  
  
Cash and equivalents 
15.7  
21.6 
21.3 
Debt securities at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
1.7  
1.8 
1.1 
Loans and advances to customers (net) 
81.1  
75.1 
75.9 
Tangible and intangible assets and goodwill 
1.1  
1.1 
1.1 
Other assets  
0.5  
0.5 
0.7 
Total assets 
100.0  
100.0 
100.0 
  
 
 
Liabilities 
  
  
  
Customer deposits and loans received 
86.2  
86.7 
88.0 
Subordinated debt 
2.9  
2.5 
2.2 
Other liabilities 
1.3  
1.4 
1.1 
Equity 
9.7  
9.4 
8.7 
Total liabilities and equity 
100.0  
100.0 
100.0

--- Page 133 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors. 
The biggest share of the Group's revenues comes from net interest income which made up 94.7 per cent. of 
total net operating income in year 2024. The share of net fee and commission income is significantly lower 
at 5.3 per cent. of total operating income in year 2024. Thus, the most important factor affecting the results 
of the Group by far is the net interest margin depending on the loan margins and funding cost. 
The Group's biggest operating expense are payroll expenses (including salaries, taxes and benefits) which 
made up 57.7 per cent. of the Group's operating expenses in 2024. The average salaries in Estonia have 
experienced fast growth in recent years and this has also generated salary growth in the Group. Continued 
fast growth of salaries in the Estonian labour market would have a significant influence on the results of 
the Group, although this pressure can be reduced by further digitalisation of processes and growth in 
business volumes. Another large percentage of costs is depreciation of fixed assets, which is related mainly 
to IT systems (hardware and software). The structure of revenues and expenses is shown in table below for 
each of 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
Structure of revenues and expenses, per cent, % 
2024* 
2023 
2022 
  
  
  
  
Net interest and similar income 
94.7  
95.4 
92.8 
Net fee and commission income 
5.3  
5.7 
6.9 
Net other income 
-0.1  
-1.1 
0.3 
Total net operating income 
100.0  
100.0 
100.0 
  
  
  
  
Payroll expenses 
57.7  
57.6 
57.0 
Operating expenses 
28.9  
29.1 
27.1 
Depreciation 
13.4  
13.3 
15.9 
Total operating expenses 
100.0  
100.0 
100.0 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors 
LENDING AND LOAN PORTFOLIO 
Overview of loan portfolio 
The Group's total loan portfolio composition as at 31 December in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022is shown 
in the table below: 
Loan and advances to customers, thousands of EUR 
As at 31 
December 
2024* 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
Total receivables from private individuals 
931,900 
776,083 
657,341 
incl. consumers loans 
108,146 
100,063 
89,068 
incl. lease financing 
95,903 
72,920 
61,448 
incl. mortgage loans and other loans 
727,851 
603,100 
506,825 
Total receivables from legal entities 
860,769 
731,184 
655,298 
incl. lease financing 
98,823 
98,395 
82,392 
incl. other loans to legal entities 
761,946 
632,789 
572,906 
Total receivables  
1,792,669 1,507,267 1,312,639 
Loss allowances of loans and advances 
-18,551 
-16,394 
-11,864 
Total loans and advances to customers 
1,774,118 1,490,873 1,300,775 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors

--- Page 134 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
The Group considers four bigger groups of loan portfolio - business loans, home mortgage loans, leasing 
(both to legal entities and private persons) and consumer finance all as strategic elements of the Group's 
business. The distribution between different products and client groups is balanced with approximately a 
50/50 split between business and private customers. The structure of the Group's total loan portfolio (gross) 
is shown in table below as at 31 December in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
Structure of loans and advances to customers portfolio 
(gross), per cent., % 
As at 31 
December 
2024* 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
Total receivables from private individuals 
52.0  
51.5 
50.1 
incl. consumers loans 
6.1  
6.6 
6.8 
incl. lease financing 
5.3  
4.8 
4.7 
incl. mortgage loans and other loans 
40.6  
40.0 
38.6 
Total receivables from legal entities 
48.0  
48.5 
49.9 
incl. lease financing 
5.5  
6.5 
6.3 
incl. other loans to legal entities 
42.5  
42.0 
43.6 
Total receivables  
100.0  
100.0 
100.0 
 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors 
   
The split of the Group’s loan portfolio based on collateral type is shown in the tables below as at 31 
December in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
Private individuals, 
in thousands of EUR 
As at 31 December 
2024* 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 31 December 
2022 
Loans secured by mortgage 
718,770 
596,612 
502,132 
Leased assets 
95,688 
72,620 
61,184 
Unsecured loans  
114,878 
105,698 
93,317 
Personal sureties, guarantees 
2258 
847 
603 
Other 
306 
306 
105 
Total 
931,900 
776,083 
657,341 
Loss allowance 
-6,895 
-6,071 
-4,069 
Total of net loans 
925,005 
770,012 
653,272 
 
 
 
 
Legal entities 
As at 31 December 
2024* 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 31 December 
2022 
Loans secured by mortgage 
673,195 
549,693 
500,889 
Leased assets 
98,823 
98,395 
82,392 
Unsecured loans  
591 
197 
119 
Personal sureties, guarantees 
5,088 
5,386 
4,397 
Other 
83,072 
77,513 
67,501 
Total 
860,769 
731,184 
655,298 
Loss allowance 
-11,656 
-10,323 
-7,795 
Total of net loans 
849,113 
720,861 
647,503 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors   
  
Mortgage lending process  
The Group regards mortgage loans as a core product which represent 40 per cent. of the Group's total 
portfolio as at 31 December 2024 and intends to grow its portfolio of residential mortgage loans. The Bank 
has accordingly set up appropriate internal processes to ensure good service for its customers as well as 
efficient internal procedures and appropriate risk process. The Bank's mortgage lending process is currently 
set up based on the following core guidelines. 
1. Customers – Estonian residents. Non-residents might be accepted if there is a strong connection 
to Estonia.

--- Page 135 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
2. Currency – the Bank currently provides loans in Euro only. 
3. Loan to Value ("LTV") - Maximum LTV is set at 85 per cent. In case there is a guarantee from 
the Estonian governmental institution EIS, LTV can be up to 95 per cent. 
4. Maturity - Maximum loan maturity offered is 30 years. 
5. Basic overview of credit checks – Maximum debt to income ratio is set at 50 per cent. (adjusted 
for number of dependent persons). Income of the borrower is always verified based on bank 
account statements. Credit history checks to external credit bureau databases are conducted. Stress 
tests for increase of interest rates are conducted. 
6. Collateral - Valuation of collateral is based on market value. Collateral for a mortgage loan is 
immovable property encumbered with a mortgages in the official land register. The majority of 
valuations are carried out by external valuers who are required to have professional certificates. In 
some cases, a qualified internal valuer of the Bank who is part of the risk organisation can also 
carry out the valuation. A valuation is updated at least once a year. As indexing is typically used 
for collateral of residential properties, in such a case, revaluation happens quarterly. 
7. Contract signing process - All Estonian real estate and established mortgages are listed in the land 
register and every transaction establishing a mortgage must be verified by a notary public. 
8. Different layers of internal decision making authorities for approving a loan have been set, based 
on the loan amount. 
Credit risk process 
Credit risk is one of the key risks for the Group. In order to evaluate customers' credit risk, the Group 
analyses the operations and financial position of its customers and business partners. After approving the 
credit, the solvency of the customer and the value of the collateral are regularly monitored. The credit risk 
management and control are centralised in the credit risk management unit which reports regularly to the 
Management Board and Supervisory Board. 
The key indicators to evaluate if credit quality of assets is good and whether credit risk is controlled well 
are the split of assets to risk Stages (Stages 1, 2 and 3), the split of portfolio according to overdue days, the 
provisioning level and the collateral of problematic loans.  
The total risk positions of the Group opened to credit risk and split of these positions between risk stages 
is shown in the table below:  
 
31 December 2024, 
in thousands of EUR 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total 
Cash and cash equivalents 
343,678 
- 
- 
343,678 
Debt securities at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive income 
37,351 
- 
- 
37,351 
  
  
  
  
  
Loans to private individuals 
  
  
  
  
   Consumer loans 
101,672 
4,313 
2,161 
108,146 
   Lease financing 
94,222 
1,542 
139 
95,903 
   Mortgage loans and other 
loans 
701,459 
22,554 
3,838 
727,851 
Loans to legal entities 
  
  
  
  
   Lease financing 
94,987 
3,069 
767 
98,823 
   Other loans to legal 
entities 
733,213 
20,816 
7,917 
761,946 
Total 
1,725,553 
52,294 
14,822 
1,792,669 
Loss allowance 
-9,570 
-3,951 
-5,030 
-18,551 
Total net loans  
1,715,983 
48,343 
9,792 
1,774,118

--- Page 136 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Financial guarantees 
18,379 
101 
18 
18,498 
Unused credit limits 
39,899 
490 
24 
40,413 
Unused overdrafts 
91,748 
922 
7 
92,677 
Total off-balance sheet 
exposures 
150,026 
1,513 
49 
151,588 
Loss allowance 
-444 
-34 
-5 
-483 
Total net off-balance sheet 
exposures 
149,582 
1,479 
44 
151,105 
The total overdue amounts over all loan products of the Group was EUR 38.2 million as at 31 December 
2024, with most of it between 1-30 days overdue. Overdue amounts of 90 days or more was in total EUR 
6.7 million and out of that, only EUR 1.7 were in the mortgage loan portfolio (0.2 per cent. of the mortgage 
loan total portfolio). The split of overdue amount by loan type as at 31 December 2024 is shown in the table 
below: 
31 December 2024, 
in thousands of EUR 
Loans to private 
individuals 
Loans to legal entities 
  
  
Consumer 
loans 
Lease 
financing 
Mortgage 
loans and 
other loans 
Lease 
financing Other loans 
Total 
1-30 days 
4,713 
2,105 
11,709 
2,420 
2,835 
23,782 
31-60 days 
1,292 
381 
2,697 
95 
1,632 
6,097 
61-90 days 
593 
172 
701 
120 
105 
1,691 
Over 90 days 
2,161 
27 
1,735 
226 
2,544 
6,693 
Total 
8,759 
2,685 
16,842 
2,861 
7,116 
38,263 
  
  
  
  
  
  
The table below shows the development of credit loss allowances during recent years. In relation to different 
turbulences in the economic environment, the Group has increased provisions during recent years despite 
the fact that the Group has not witnessed loss of assets quality. 
Loan allowances,  
in thousands of EUR 
As at 31 
December 
2024* 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
Balance at the beginning of the reporting period 
-16,394 
-11,864 
-8,827 
Loss allowances during the reporting period** 
-4,914 
-6,503 
-5,223 
De-recognised during reporting period due to sale 
or write-off of loans 
2,757 
1,973 
2,186 
Balance of allowance at the end of the reporting 
period 
-18,551 
-16,394 
-11,864 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors 
**Loss allowances on the loan portfolio during the reporting period differ from the credit loss allowance 
recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The difference is due to such receipts of past due loans 
written off earlier as uncollectible claims, which were received in the amount of EUR 84,000 (2022: EUR 
257,000) during the reporting period; due to loss allowances in the amount of EUR -117,000 (2022: EUR 
-279,000) from the exposures related to the off-balance sheet. 
As shown above, the overdue amounts and Stage 3 (non-performing loans) are at low levels by amount or 
as a share of the total portfolio.

--- Page 137 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
The table below shows the level of provisioning made specifically on Stage 3 loans and the value of 
collateral related to these Stage 3 loans. 
Stage 3 loans, 31 
December 2024, 
in thousands of EUR 
 
Over-collateralised loans 
Under-collateralised loans 
Gross carrying 
amount 
Fair value of the 
collateral 
Gross carrying 
amount 
Fair value of the 
collateral 
Loans to private 
individuals 
  
  
  
  
Consumer loans 
- 
- 
1,919 
- 
Lease financing 
69 
132 
1 
- 
Mortgage loans and 
other loans 
2,309 
8,541 
274 
- 
Total 
2,378 
8,673 
2,194 
- 
Loans to legal entities 
Lease financing 
660 
1,922 
- 
- 
Other loans 
6,889 
29,173 
224 
193 
Total 
7,549 
31,095 
224 
193 
*Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors   
See also "The Group is exposed to the credit risk of borrowers and other counterparties due to its lending 
activities" and "The Group's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans 
received are concentrated in Estonia". 
FUNDING 
The Group's liquidity needs arise primarily as a result of the need to fund loans and advances to customers, 
the payments of expenses, dividends and investments in securities. Additionally, the Group maintains a 
liquidity buffer, the size of which is determined based on regulatory requirements and the Group's internal 
liquidity planning framework.  
To date, the Group's liquidity needs have been funded mainly through deposits and loans received which 
have provided 86.2 per cent. of funding (understood as total liabilities and shareholders' equity) as at 31 
December 2024 and 86.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. Another 9.7 per cent. of funding has been raised 
from equity capital and subordinated debt as at 31 December 2024. The Group has not issued any senior 
bonds as at the date of this Base Prospectus.   
The funding sources and structure of the Group is shown below as at 31 December in each of 2024, 2023 
and 2022: 
Funding, thousands of EUR 
As at 31 December 
2024* 
As at 31 December 
2023 
As at 31 December 
2022 
Private individuals 
967,891 
810,992 
640,178 
Legal entities 
918,254 
910,773 
867,948 
Total 
1,886,145 
1,721,765 
1,508,126 
  
  
  
  
Demand deposits 
571,865 
494,092 
717,743 
Term deposits 
1,306,000 
1,217,991 
779,569 
Special purpose loans 
8,280 
9,682 
10,814 
Total 
1,886,145 
1,721,765 
1,508,126 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors

--- Page 138 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
In addition to deposits received from the Bank's customers in Estonia, the Bank has also been acquiring 
funding through deposit platforms in Germany, The Netherlands, Austria and Spain. 
The Bank has signed a 10-year loan agreement of EUR 8 million with the European Investment Fund to 
finance small and medium-sized enterprises. As at 31 December 2024, the loan balance is EUR 2.8 million 
(2023: EUR 3.8 million). The remaining special-purpose loans have been received from the Rural 
Development Foundation. 
 
See also "The Group's loans and advances to customers and its deposits from customers and loans received 
are concentrated in Estonia" and "The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily 
available". 
Subordinated debt 
The Group has issued subordinated bonds qualifying as capital according to relevant regulations in order 
to strengthen its capital base. In the case of default by the Group, the subordinated debt is repayable after 
all other debts have been paid, but before debts to shareholders are paid. The principal balances of 
subordinated debt as at 31 December 2024 is disclosed in the table below. 
Subordinated debt 
Year of 
issue  
Interest rate, 
per cent. 
Maturity 
Amount, 
thousands 
of EUR 
Subordinated bond 
2021 
5.50 
31 March 2031 
10,000 
Subordinated bond  
2022 
5.00 
10 March 2032 
10,000 
Subordinated bond (Additional Tier 1) 
2022 
10.00 
perpetual 
16,100 
Subordinated bond (Additional Tier 1) 
2023 
12.00 
perpetual 
12,000 
Subordinated loan 
2024 
6m Euribor 
+3.25 
29 February 2034 
15,000 
Total subordinated debt (principal) as 
at 31 December 2024 
  
  
  
63,100 
Equity 
As at 31 December 2024, the Group has equity capital of EUR 211.6 million which makes up 9.7 per cent. 
of the total assets of the Group.  
Equity has increased significantly during recent years, and the main sources of increase have been the 
accumulation of retained earnings, a secondary public offering (in December 2022) and (in less significant 
amounts) increases each year from issues of new shares related to the Group’s share option program as part 
of the motivation system for key persons in the Group. The development of equity capital as at 31 December 
in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown in table below: 
EUR millions 
Equity 
31 December 2021 
111.7 
31 December2022 
149.1 
31 December 2023 
185.8 
31 December 2024* 
211.6 
*31 December 2024 
numbers are unaudited 
  
 
The share capital issue in 2023 was related to the exercising of employee share options. In 2022, during a 
secondary public offering new shares were issued (in total EUR 20.2 million was raised) and the employee 
share options were exercised. The shares were fully paid in cash. 
 
As at 31 December 2024, the share capital of the bank was EUR 70.2 million (31 December 2023: EUR 
69.7 million), which was divided into 102,986,307 ordinary shares (31 December 2023: 102,241,307). 
According to the Articles of Association, share capital can be increased to EUR 160 million without any 
amendment to the Articles of Association.

--- Page 139 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
The Group has five business segments – corporate banking, retail banking, consumer financing, leasing and 
other17. The Group divides its business into segments based on both the legal structure and the customer-
specific distribution within the Group.  
The Group has a leasing segment that includes leasing products to both private and corporate customers. 
The leasing segment's main revenue comes from interest income from leasing agreements and limited 
additional revenue from services related to car leasing. 
Insurance brokerage is also separate a legal entity but due to its limited size, insurance is considered as part 
of the segment titled 'Other', together with treasury and real-estate activities. 
Due to the Bank's customer-based division, the Group has both corporate banking (legal entities) and retail 
banking (private individuals) segments. Both segments offer money transferring products, loan products to 
customers, as well as gathering deposits. The segments earn interest income from lending and commissions 
fees from settlement of payments and bank card transactions. 
There is also a separate segment called the consumer financing segment. This segment used to be a separate 
legal entity inside the Group but, since Coop Finants AS merged with Coop Pank AS in 1 April 2024, it 
has been a business segment inside the Bank. The consumer financing segment earns interest income from 
consumer lending and fee commissions from managing Coop's grocery network payment card system and 
issuing hire-purchase cards.   
Segments are the basis for regular monitoring of business results by the Group's Management and 
Supervisory Boards, and separate financial data is available for the segments. According to the Group's 
structure, the Group also divides the corporate banking and retail banking segments into more detailed 
business lines of loans and everyday banking services (deposits and settlements). The Group also uses 
business lines for planning and budgeting, but business lines are not defined as separate segments.  
Revenue reported by a segment consists of revenue from external customers and additional interest income 
or interest expense on intersegment borrowing, which is based on the internal transfer pricing model in the 
Group and is shown as elimination in the tables below. The Group does not have any customers whose 
income would account for more than 10 per cent. of the respective type of income.  
The Group's assets and liabilities are distributed between corporate banking, retail banking, consumer 
financing, leasing and other segments as follows: 
The largest segments are corporate banking and retail banking (including home mortgage loans). As at 31 
December 2024, corporate banking utilises 47 per cent. of Group's assets and generates 48 per cent. of the 
Group's liabilities whereas retail banking's respective figures are 40 per cent. for both assets and liabilities.  
 
 
 
17 Other includes treasury and subsidiaries Prana Property and Coop Kindlustusmaakler. 
Assets and 
liabilities as at 31 
December 2024, in 
millions of EUR 
Corporate 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Consumer 
financing 
Leasing 
Other* 
Elimina-
tion 
Total 
Loan portfolio 
872 
729 
98 
178 
427 
-530 
1,774 
Other assets 
158 
149 
28 
36 
44 
0 
415 
Total assets  
1,030 
878 
126 
214 
471 
-530 
2,189 
Total liabilities 
940 
794 
114 
193 
466 
-530 
1,977

--- Page 140 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
Income and expenses generated by each segment in 2024 are shown below:  
in 2024, in 
thousands of EUR   
Corporate 
banking 
Retail 
banking 
Consumer 
financing 
Leasing 
Other* 
Elimina-
tion 
Total 
Interest income 
60,573 
49,466 
13,998 
12,172 
25,403 
-22,917 
138,695 
   Incl. external 
income 
54,455 
42,228 
13,998 
12,172 
15,842 
- 
138,695 
   Incl. internal 
income 
6,118 
7,238 
- 
- 
9,561 
-22,917 
0 
Interest expenses 
-25,425 
-24,471 
-3,511 
-6,224 
-24,411 
22,917 
-61,125 
Net interest 
income 
35,148 
24,995 
10,487 
5,948 
992 
0 
77,570 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Commission 
income 
1,640 
4,107 
767 
268 
1,117 
- 
7,899 
Commission 
expense 
-675 
-2,696 
-111 
-6 
-53 
- 
-3,541 
Net commission 
income 
965 
1,411 
656 
262 
1,064 
- 
4,358 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Other operating 
income 
95 
250 
222 
157 
-769 
- 
-45 
Net income 
36,208 
26,656 
11,365 
6,367 
1,287 
- 
81,883 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Operating 
expenses 
-13,576 
-15,134 
-5,739 
-4,059 
-2,068 
- 
-40,576 
Profit before loss 
allowances and 
tax 
22,632 
11,522 
5,626 
2,308 
-781 
- 
41,307 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Credit loss 
allowance  
-1,231 
-525 
-2,704 
-183 
- 
- 
-4,643 
Profit before tax 
21,401 
10,997 
2,922 
2,125 
-781 
- 
36,664 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Income tax 
expense 
-2,715 
-1,398 
-360 
- 
-13 
- 
-4,486 
Profit of the year 
18,686 
9,599 
2,562 
2,125 
-794 
- 
32,178 
REVENUES 
The structure of the Group's revenues and expenses is shown in the table below for each of 2024, 2023 and 
2022. The biggest components in revenues are net interest income and net fee and commission income. The 
biggest component of expenses are payroll expenses. 
Structure of revenues and expenses, per cent 
2024* 
2023 
2022 
Net interest income 
94.7  
95.4 
92.8 
Net fee income 
5.3  
5.7 
6.9 
Other income 
-0.1  
-1.1 
0.3 
Total net operating income 
100.0  
100.0 
100.0 
  
  
  
  
Payroll expenses 
57.7  
57.6 
57.0 
Operating expenses 
28.9  
29.1 
27.1 
Depreciation 
13.4  
13.3 
15.9 
Total operating expenses 
100.0  
100.0 
100.0 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors

--- Page 141 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
Net interest income generated EUR 77.6 million in 2024 which makes up 94.7 per cent. of the Group's total 
revenues. The composition of net interest income is shown below for each of 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
in thousands of EUR 
2024* 
2023 
2022 
Interest income calculated using effective interest method: 
 
  
  
Loans to entities 
53,244 
46,520 
25,066 
Consumer loans and hire-purchase loans 
14,047 
15,243 
13,251 
Other loans to private individuals 
42,087 
33,584 
14,817 
Debt securities 
1,385 
1,016 
349 
Other assets 
14,575 
13,264 
1,072 
Other similar interest income: 
  
  
  
Leasing 
13,357 
11,024 
5,535 
Total interest income and income similar to interest 
138,695 
120,651 
60,090 
Customer deposits and loans received 
-55,857 
-36,028 
-6,635 
Subordinated debt  
-5,022 
-3,222 
-2,251 
Interest expense on assets 
- 
- 
-416 
Lease liabilities  
-246 
-136 
-79 
Total interest expenses 
-61,125 
-39,386 
-9,381 
Net interest income 
77,570 
81,265 
50,709 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors   
  
The second largest share of revenues comes from fees and commissions. Net fee and commission income 
was EUR 4.4 million in 2024 (5.3 per cent. of total revenues). The composition of fee income is shown 
below for each of 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
 
in thousands of EUR                        
2024* 
2023 
2022 
Fees from cards 
3,219 
3,567 
2,993 
Monthly account fees and 
transaction fees 
1,491 
1,345 
1,286 
Insurance brokerage commission  
1,505 
658 
479 
Foreign exchange transactions 
88 
111 
88 
Other fee and commission income 
1,596 
1,928 
1,326 
Total fee and commission 
income 
7,899 
7,609 
6,172 
Expenses related to cards 
-2,449 
-2,014 
-1,749 
Transaction costs 
-257 
-258 
-245 
Other fee and commission 
expense 
-835 
-490 
-393 
Total fee and commission 
expense 
-3,541 
-2,762 
-2,387 
Net fee and commission income 
4,358 
4,847 
3,785 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the 
Interim Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors

--- Page 142 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
EXPENSES 
The Group's biggest operating expenses are payroll expenses (including salaries, taxes and benefits) which 
made up 67 per cent. of the Group's operating expenses in 2024. The average salaries in Estonia have 
experienced fast growth in recent years and this has also generated salary growth in the Group. Depreciation 
of fixed assets is mainly related to IT systems (hardware and software).  
More detailed composition of expenses is shown in table below for each of 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
in thousands of EUR                                                                      
2024* 
2023 
2022 
Wages and salaries 
-16,481 
-14,330 
-11,014 
Social tax, unemployment insurance premiums 
-693 
-5,904 
-4,488 
Total payroll expenses 
-23,411 
-20,234 
-15,502 
Administration of information systems 
-2,486 
-1,772 
-1,658 
Marketing expenses 
-2,690 
-2,587 
-1,758 
Contributions to Deposit Guarantee Fund 
-1,899 
-1,568 
-534 
Training and travel expenses 
-656 
-627 
-346 
Office expenses 
-840 
-587 
-472 
Services purchased 
-504 
-539 
-461 
Utilities of right of use assets 
-216 
-352 
-364 
Financial supervision fee instalments 
-401 
-308 
-199 
Auditor services 
-196 
-229 
-153 
Short-term and low value leases 
-291 
-187 
-283 
Legal services, state fees 
-582 
-113 
-80 
Insurance 
-107 
-97 
-90 
Membership fees 
-54 
-46 
-34 
Transport expenses 
-57 
-44 
-39 
Other operating expenses 
-733 
-1,157 
-881 
Total 
-11,713 
-10,213 
-7,352 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors 
CAPITAL 
The Bank is subject to EU capital regulations. Direct supervision over the Group is carried out by the EFSA. 
Based on capital regulations and decisions made by the EFSA, the following capital requirements and Pillar 
2 Guidance are applied: 
  
    
31 
December 
2024 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2021 
31 
December 
2020 
Common equity tier 1 
(CET1), per cent. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Base requirement 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
  
Pillar 2 requirement 
1.55 
1.47 
1.43 
1.43 
1.96 
  
Capital conservation buffer 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50

--- Page 143 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
  
Systematic risk buffer 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
Countercyclical buffer 
1.50 
1.50 
1.00 
- 
- 
  
Pillar 2 guidance 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
- 
Total CET1, per cent. 
11.55 
11.47 
10.93 
9.93 
8.96 
Tier 1, per cent. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Base requirement 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
  
Pillar 2 requirement 
0.51 
0.49 
0.48 
0.48 
0.66 
Total Tier 1 capital 
13.56 
13.46 
12.91 
11.91 
11.12 
Tier 2, per cent.  
    
  
  
  
  
  
Base requirement 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
  
Pillar 2 requirement 
0.69 
0.65 
0.64 
0.64 
1.37 
Total CAD requirement + 
P2G, per cent. 
16.25 
16.11 
15.55 
14.55 
14.49 
In addition to the mandatory capital requirements, the Group has applied additional internal capital buffers 
to ensure all capital requirements will be met constantly.   
The Group was designated among systemic important credit institutions by Central Bank of Estonia on 28 
November 2024 and with this the Group has systemic risk buffer requirement 0.5 per cent. starting from 1 
January 2025.  
The actual capitalisation of the Group is shown in table below as at 31 December in each of 2024, 2023 
and 2022:   
Capital base,  
in thousands of EUR 
As at 31 
December 
2024* 
As at 31 
December 
2023 
As at 31 
December 
2022 
Tier 1 capital 
  
  
  
Paid-in share capital and share premium  
96,892 
95,452 
94,583 
Statutory reserve capital  
6,815 
4,855 
3,838 
Retained earnings  
73,629 
45,280 
30,513 
The accepted profit of the reporting period**  
19,545 
23,757 
10,769 
Other accumulated comprehensive income  
298 
-459 
-883 
Goodwill as intangible asset (-)  
-6,757 
-6,757 
-6,757 
Intangible assets (-)  
-12,954 
-10,838 
-8,579 
Adjustment of value arising from requirements of 
reliable measurement (-)  
-38 
-36 
-18 
Other deductions from Tier 1 Capital (-)  
-1,820 
-1,148 
-1,898 
Other adjustments of own funds resulting from 
transitional provisions  
- 
- 
157 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)  
175,610 
150,106 
121,725 
Additional Tier 1 capital  
28,148 
28,100 
16,100 
Total Tier 1 capital  
203,758 
178,206 
137,825 
Subordinated debt  
35,000 
22,000 
22,000 
Tier 2 capital  
35,000 
22,000 
22,000 
Eligible capital for capital adequacy calculation  
238,758 
200,206 
159,825 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
  
  
  
Central government and central banks using the 
standardised approach 
6,183 
5,998 
2,784 
Credit institutions, investment companies using the 
standardised approach 
2,985 
3,084 
2,528 
Companies using standardised approach 
124,619 
115,263 
97,350

--- Page 144 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
Retail claims using standardised approach 
191,647 
166,608 
156,110 
Claims secured by mortgage on real estate using the 
standardised approach 
638,648 
525,037 
477,293 
Claims past due using standardised approach 
11,217 
8,883 
4,675 
Items subject to particularly high risk using the 
standardised approach 
131,950 
105,909 
114,127 
Other assets using the standardised approach 
9,984 
10,994 
12,136 
Total credit risk and counter-party credit risk 
1,117,233 
941,776 
867,003 
Operational risk using basic indicator approach 
112,728 
78,909 
78,909 
Total risk-weighted assets (total risk exposure) 
1,229,961 
1,020,685 
945,912 
  
  
CET 1 capital ratio, per cent.*** 
14.28 
14.71 
13.35 
Tier 1 capital ratio, per cent.*** 
16.57 
17.46 
15.05 
Capital adequacy ratio, per cent.*** 
19.41 
19.61 
17.38 
Leverage ratio, per cent.***  
8.79 
8.44 
7.44 
* Financial information as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been derived from the Interim 
Financial Statements and has not been audited nor reviewed by independent auditors 
** Includes audited profit for a nine-month period ended in September in 2023 and 2024, which is 
included in Tier 1 capital as approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority. 
*** Capital adequacy and Leverage ratio calculated in accordance with applicable standard regulation 
approved by the European Commission, EBA and other relevant authorities.    
  
Capital planning is conducted on the basis of financial position and profit and loss forecasts that take into 
account the Group's strategy, future expectations, risk profile and risk appetite. Capital planning is the 
responsibility of the Bank's Management Board.  
The internal capital adequacy assessment ("ICAAP") is an ongoing process which aims to assess the 
Group's risk profile and the corresponding need for capital. ICAAP is the basis for regular capital planning 
in the Group.  
The planning and forecasting of capital requirements takes place on the basis of calculating regulatory 
capital adequacy that takes into account capital requirements arising from ICAAP and supervisory 
assessments of the EFSA ("SREP") plus capital requirements to cover additional risks that are not taken 
into account in the context of regulatory capital requirements.  
The Group's risk profile is assessed in particular by the following risks: credit risk, concentration risk, 
liquidity risk, market risk, including risk exposure from the portfolio of financial investments, the Bank's 
portfolio of interest rate risk, operational risk, strategic risk, and reputation risk.  
The recommended minimum capital adequacy level is the minimum required capital adequacy level 
determined in the SREP assessment plus the need-based reserve required for increasing business volumes, 
implementing strategy plans and ensuring a stable financial position in accordance with the Group's current 
operating strategy and balance sheet forecasts.  
For determining the capital requirement, the financial position is forecasted, taking into account changes 
by items of the risk position and equity. The financial position and profit and loss forecasts are reviewed 
regularly and approved by the Management Board. It also takes into account the possible impact of strategic 
and reputation risk to the Group's business success, and determines the necessary equity buffer to ensure 
the desired internal capital adequacy level if alternative and risk scenarios materialise. An overview of the 
development of capital adequacy including the capital requirements arising from the SREP assessment are 
presented to the Management Board and the Supervisory Board on a quarterly basis.  
As at 31 December 2024, and also at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group was in 
compliance with all regulatory capital requirements.

--- Page 145 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
LIQUIDITY 
The Group has maintained all liquidity indicators at a level well above mandatory minimum requirements 
during recent years. The main risk indicators' historical values are shown below: 
Ratios  
2024 
2023 
2022 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio18 (LCR), per cent. 
206.7 
293.4 
175.8 
Net Stable Funding Ratio19 (NSFR), per cent. 
127.2 
134.3 
144.1 
The Group's total duration gap in the period of up to 12 months is negative. This indicates that the Group 
has more liabilities with a duration of up to 12 months compared to receivables with the corresponding 
duration. The management of the duration gap risk is based on estimates concerning forecast cash flows 
arising from liabilities – demand deposits are usually a rather stable source of funding and up to 12-month 
term deposits are often extended – therefore the behavioural nature of these deposits is longer than 12 
months. The Group ensures an adequate amount of liquidity buffers in order to meet the net outflow of 
liabilities as they become due.  
The liquidity policy of the Group is built upon the principle of prudence and established liquidity buffers 
are sufficient to cover even a large-scale outflow of deposits. The Group has established a business 
continuity and recovery plan for conduct in a liquidity crisis, specifying the actions to be taken for covering 
a cash flow deficit even in extraordinary circumstances. An overview of the Group's financial assets and 
financial liabilities by residual maturity (undiscounted cash flows) is provided in the following table. 
31 December 
2024,  
in thousands of 
EUR 
Up to 3 
months 
3-12 months 
1-5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash 
equivalents 
343,678 
- 
- 
- 
343,678 
Debt securities at 
fair value through 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
503 
4,984 
29,476 
2,788 
37,751 
Loans and 
advances to 
customers 
83,105 
296,754 
1,124,704 
1,026,390 
2,530,953 
Equity instruments 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
- 
- 
- 
- 
13 
Other financial 
assets 
1,590 
20 
- 
- 
1,610 
Total financial 
assets 
428,876 
301,758 
1,154,180 
1,029,191 
2,914,005 
Liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Customer deposits 
and loans received 
996,963 
808,731 
92,954 
3,089 
1,901,737 
Lease liabilities 
248 
744 
3,866 
1,119 
5,977 
 
18 High-quality liquid assets (cash, central bank reserves excluding mandatory reserves and eligible bonds) as a percentage of the 
estimated net liquidity outflow over the next 30 calendar days whereas the regulatory minimum is 100 per cent. For more 
information: https://www.bis.org/fsi/fsisummaries/lcr.htm 
19The Net Stable Funding Ratio is calculated by dividing the proportion of available stable funding (equity and certain liabilities) 
divided by required stable funding whereas the regulatory minimum is 100 per cent. For more information: 
https://www.bis.org/fsi/fsisummaries/lcr.htm

--- Page 146 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
Other financial 
liabilities 
15,443 
- 
- 
- 
15,443 
Subordinated debt 
1,240 
3,732 
14,017 
68,515 
87,504 
Total financial 
liabilities 
1,013,894 
813,207 
110,837 
72,723 
2,010,661 
Off-balance sheet 
liabilities 
  
  
  
  
  
Undrawn lines of 
credit and 
overdraft facilities 
133,090 
- 
- 
- 
13,309 
Financial 
guarantees by 
contractual 
amounts 
18,498 
- 
- 
- 
18,498 
Total on-balance-
sheet and off-
balance-sheet 
liabilities 
1,032,392 
813,207 
110,837 
72,723 
2,162,249 
Duration gap of 
financial assets 
and financial 
liabilities 
-603,516 
-511,449 
1,043,343 
956,468 
751,756 
 
The following bodies are regularly informed of the Bank's liquidity position: the Management Board, the 
Supervisory Board, ALCO and the Credit Committee.  
 
Limits have been established for all major liquidity indicators. The following main indicators are used for 
the measurement of liquidity risk:  
• 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR); 
• 
maintenance period in a liquidity crisis situation; 
• 
financing concentration; 
• 
ratio of liquid assets to demand deposits; and 
• 
ratio of non-current liabilities to investments requiring stable funding. 
See also "The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available". 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
The Bank's principal related party transactions are with: 
• 
a shareholder of the Bank with significant influence and companies that are part of its group; 
• 
management of the Group: members of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board, the 
head of internal audit and entities controlled by them; and 
• 
those who have the same economic interest as management and entities related to them. 
The terms of loans granted to these related parties do not differ from the loans granted to other customers. 
Interest rates on these loans are in the range of 2.5 to 6.0 per cent. and on credit cards are around 18 per 
cent. Interest rates on deposits are in the range of 0.01 to 5.0 per cent. Transactions with related parties are 
based on the Group's price list and/or are carried out at market value. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there were no transactions with the Bank's biggest shareholder Coop Investeeringud OÜ.

--- Page 147 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
 
The transactions and balances as at 31 December in each of 2024, 2023 and 2022 between the Group and 
related parties are shown in the table below: 
Balances,  
in thousands of EUR 
31 
December 
2024 
31 
December 
2023 
31 
December 
2022 
Shareholders: 
  
  
  
Loans 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits 
11,162 
9,897 
5,648 
Members of the management board and supervisory board and their 
close relatives and related entities: 
  
  
  
Loans 
2,141 
2,396 
1,914 
Deposits 
9,615 
1,011 
606 
  
 
 
Transactions 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Shareholders: 
  
  
  
Interest expenses 
439 
81 
3 
Members of the management board and supervisory board and their close relatives and 
related entities: 
  
Interest income of the reporting period 
117 
91 
52 
Interest expenses of the reporting period 
360 
11 
5 
Sale of other goods and services 
2 
2 
2 
Salaries to members of the Management Board and Supervisory 
Board 
958 
849 
698 
 
Information about share options issued to members of the Management Board as at 31 December in each 
of 2024, 2023 and 2022 are provided in the tables below. 
Transactions with options 
Number of 
options 
As at 31 December 2022 
682,100 
Granted 
257,500 
Exercised 
-200,000 
Forfeited 
-47,900 
As at 31 December 2023 
691,700 
Granted 
422,300 
Exercised 
-270,000 
Forfeited 
- 
As at 31 December 2024 
844,000 
 
Valid share options as of 31 December 2024 (which are not yet exercised) are set out below. 
Date of issue 
Expiry date 
Share 
price 
Number 
of options 
April 2022 
April 2025 
1.2550 
212,100 
April 2023 
April 2026 
1.5260 
209,600 
April 2024 
April 2027 
1.8750 
422,300 
Total options to be exercised 
  
1.6325 
844,000

--- Page 148 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT 
The information presented in this section has been extracted from publicly available sources and 
documents. The source of external information is always given if such information is used in this section. 
While reviewing, searching for and processing macroeconomic, market, industry or other data from 
external sources such as government publications none of it has been independently verified by the Issuer, 
the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their affiliates or the Issuer's advisers in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer does not intend to and does not warrant to update the data concerning the market or the industry 
as presented in this section, unless such duties arise out of generally binding regulations.  
The Group is primarily focused on lending to and accepting deposits from commercial and retail customers 
residing in Estonia. As a result, its revenue and results of operations are directly influenced by economic 
and market conditions in Estonia. Estonia, being a small economy, is heavily dependent on the economic 
growth of its closest neighbouring countries and global economic conditions in general. 
Global economic growth has slowed significantly in recent years due to persistent inflationary pressures, 
geopolitical uncertainties, and restrictive monetary policies in major economies. According to the 
International Monetary Fund ("IMF"), GDP growth is projected at 3.1 per cent. in 2024, followed by 3.2 
per cent. in 2025, reflecting a slight improvement from the previous year's estimates but still below the pre-
pandemic average of 3.7 per cent.20 While economic activity has proven more resilient than expected, many 
advanced and emerging markets continue to face tight financial conditions, geopolitical risks, and supply 
chain disruptions. Improvements in global trade volumes and a gradual recovery in investment are expected 
to support growth in the medium term. However, uncertainties related to China's economic slowdown and 
monetary policy tightening in major economies remain key risk factors21. 
 
Global inflation is anticipated to decline gradually, with headline inflation expected to fall to 3.5 per cent. 
in 2025, bringing it closer to central bank targets in many economies22. Despite this downward trend, core 
inflation—which excludes volatile food and energy prices—remains elevated in some advanced economies, 
particularly in the services sector, where tight labour markets continue to exert wage pressures. The 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") warns that persistently high service 
sector inflation could delay monetary policy easing, as central banks weigh the risk of premature interest 
rate cuts against the need to support economic recovery23.  
 
The Eurozone economy is expected to remain weak in the short-term reflecting weaker-than-expected 
momentum due to higher interest rates, weak consumer demand, and sluggish government investment under 
the EU's Recovery and Resilience Plan. Growth is expected to accelerate slightly throughout 2025 as 
inflation eases and monetary policy becomes more accommodative 24. The IMF projects Eurozone GDP 
growth to remain below 1 per cent. in both 2025 and 2026, as household consumption and investment 
recover at a slow pace. Growth prospects remain uneven across the region, with Germany and France facing 
subdued activity, while Spain and Ireland are expected to perform better due to stronger labour markets and 
robust export demand25. The ECB has initiated a series of interest rate cuts, with the benchmark rate reduced 
to 2.75 per cent. as of January 2025, marking the first easing cycle since the aggressive rate hikes of 2022-
2023. The decision is aimed at supporting borrowing and investment, particularly as inflation moderates 
and wage pressures stabilise26. While further rate reductions are anticipated in the second half of 2025, ECB 
officials remain cautious, emphasizing that the pace of rate cuts will depend on inflation dynamics and 
wage growth trends. The IMF and OECD have both advised against excessive monetary loosening, warning 
that premature cuts could fuel a rebound in price pressures27.  
Inflation in the Euro area is projected to decrease from 5.4 per cent. in 2023 to an estimated 2.4 per cent. in 
2024, with further moderation toward the ECB’s 2 per cent. target in 2025. Declining energy prices, easing 
 
20 Source: https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/01/17/world-economic-outlook-update-january-2025 
21 Source: https://www.oecd.org/en/publications/2024/12/oecd-economic-outlook-volume-2024-issue-2_67bb8fac.html 
22 Source: https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/01/17/world-economic-outlook-update-january-2025 
23 Source: https://www.oecd.org/en/publications/2024/12/oecd-economic-outlook-volume-2024-issue-2_67bb8fac.html 
24 Source: https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2025/01/17/tr011725-january-2025-world-economic-outlook-update 
25 Source: https://www.imf.org/en/News/Articles/2025/01/17/tr011725-january-2025-world-economic-outlook-update 
26 Source: https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2025/html/ecb.mp250130~530b29e622.en.html 
27 Source: https://www.oecd.org/en/publications/2024/12/oecd-economic-outlook-volume-2024-issue-2_67bb8fac.html

--- Page 149 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
supply chain disruptions, and lower food costs have contributed to the slowdown in inflationary pressures28. 
However, wage growth remains a concern, particularly in Germany and France, where tight labour markets 
and union negotiations could sustain higher costs in the services sector. The OECD has noted that if wage 
increases remain elevated, inflation may stay above 2 per cent. longer than expected, leading to a more 
gradual path of monetary easing29 . Despite improving growth forecasts, several downside risks remain: 
• 
geopolitical tensions, including ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, continue to 
pose significant threats to global trade and energy security;  
• 
financial instability in emerging markets, particularly related to China’s struggling property 
sector, could lead to capital outflows and volatility in global financial markets; and 
• 
persistent inflation in services and wage pressures could slow monetary easing, keeping interest 
rates higher for longer than anticipated30.  
 
Estonia has demonstrated resilience amid challenging macroeconomic conditions. Real GDP in Estonia 
contracted by 0.1 per cent. in 2024 according to the Estonian Statistical Office (2023: -3.1 per cent.)31. 
Growth in the Estonian consumer price index has been among the highest in Europe in recent years, 
amounting to 3.5 per cent. in 202432 (2023: 9.2 per cent.). However, the latest economic forecast from the 
Bank of Estonia suggests that the Estonian economy is now strengthening and that several sectors that have 
previously been in difficulties have managed to start growing again and circumstances continue to improve. 
Growth in the economy is expected to be 1.6 per cent. in 2025, and around 3 per cent. in 2026 and 202733. 
Being an open economy, the performance of the Estonian economy depends above all on that of the 
European economy, which is forecasted to grow faster in 2025, but still at quite a modest rate. The ECB 
expects growth of 1.1 per cent. in the euro area in 2025 and of 1.4 per cent. in 202634. However increased 
uncertainty about the outlook for international trade, because of the fear that the US will start to tighten its 
trade barriers, could cool economic growth around the world and boost inflation (see "Risk Factors - The 
Group's operations and assets are principally located in Estonia and, accordingly, the Group is exposed 
to general economic conditions in Estonia"). Global economic relations becoming more complicated and 
Estonia’s earlier competitive advantages fading may together demand adjustments to industrial and 
economic policy to lay the foundations for new growth.  
In 2024, Estonia's trade dynamics exhibited both challenges and areas of growth. The country's trade 
balance remained negative, with a deficit of €285.7 million in October 2024, which slightly improved to 
€209.1 million in November 202435.  Despite the persistent trade deficit, there were positive developments 
in exports. In October 2024, Estonia's exports of goods increased by 12 per cent. compared to the same 
month in the previous year, totalling nearly €1.7 billion. This growth was driven by a 17 per cent. rise in 
exports of goods of Estonian origin36. The services sector also demonstrated robust performance. In the 
third quarter of 2024, exports of services grew by 8 per cent., amounting to €3.2 billion. The most significant 
contributions came from other business services, telecommunications, computer, and information services, 
and transport services37.  
Estonia's major trading partners remained consistent. In terms of exports, Finland was the top destination, 
accounting for 16 per cent. of total exports, followed by Germany (9 per cent.), the United States (7 per 
cent.), and Sweden (7 per cent.). On the import side, the leading partners were Germany (8 per cent.), 
Finland (8 per cent.), Lithuania (7 per cent.) and Latvia (7 per cent.)38.  
 
28 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-forecast-and-surveys/economic-forecasts/autumn-2024-economic-
forecast-gradual-rebound-adverse-environment_en 
29 Source: https://www.oecd.org/en/publications/2024/12/oecd-economic-outlook-volume-2024-issue-2_67bb8fac.html 
30 Source: https://www.weforum.org/publications/global-risks-report-2025/ 
31 Source: https://www.stat.ee/en/news/gdp-flash-estimate-economy-contracted-01-q4 
32 Source: https://www.eestipank.ee/en/press/consumer-prices-were-driven-upwards-most-last-year-taxes-and-services-and-food-
08012025 
33 Source: https://www.eestipank.ee/en/press/economic-forecast-exports-will-bring-growth-estonian-economy-13122024 
34 Source: 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/key/date/2024/html/ecb.sp241218~c88acfb65f.en.html#:~:text=According%20to%20the%20Dec
ember%20Eurosystem,points%20in%202024%20and%202025 
35 Source: https://tradingeconomics.com/estonia/balance-of-trade-eurostat-data.html 
36 Source: https://stat.ee/en/find-statistics/statistics-theme/economy/foreign-trade 
37 Source: https://stat.ee/en/news/exports-services-8-third-quarter 
38 Source: https://stat.ee/en/news/exports-services-8-third-quarter

--- Page 150 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
While Estonia faced a trade deficit in 2024, the growth in exports of goods and services, along with strong 
relationships with key trading partners, indicates potential for economic recovery in the coming years. 
Inflation trends in Estonia showed some improvement in 2024. However, inflation is projected to remain 
elevated at 3.6 per cent. in 2025, partly due to planned tax increases, before easing to 2.4 per cent. in 202639. 
The labour market has showed little reaction to the recession in Estonia, and no rapid change is expected 
as the economy recovers. Employment has not fallen in step with the decline in the economy overall, and 
as businesses have clearly been avoiding laying off employees there will not be any immediate substantial 
increase in hiring as the economy revives. Unemployment is consequently expected by the Bank of Estonia 
to fall slowly while the modest competition for jobs is currently expected to restrain the growth in wages 
to around 6 per cent. next year and around 5 per cent. in the two years after that. Wages are also expected 
to grow more slowly because businesses need to recover the profitability they have lost40. While the 
unemployment rate rose to 7.8 per cent. in August 2024, it is projected to contract with unemployment rates 
averaging 7.7 per cent. in 2025 and 7.2 per cent. in 2026 41. 
The Estonian government has implemented significant tax changes in 2025 to address fiscal challenges and 
support economic growth. These tax increases are expected to have several economic implications: 
• 
higher income taxes could reduce disposable income, dampening private consumption; 
• 
increased corporate taxes might impact investment decisions, potentially leading to a slowdown 
in capital formation; 
• 
higher VAT will raise the cost of goods and services, contributing to higher inflation in the short 
term; and 
• 
Government revenue boost could support public spending on defence and infrastructure, 
potentially stimulating economic activity42. 
The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has posed significant challenges for European economies, including 
disruptions to energy supplies and increased energy prices. Estonia has secured alternative energy sources, 
leading to a gradual decline in energy prices, but the situation remains a risk factor, as any further escalation 
could adversely affect energy prices and the broader economic recovery43 (see "Risk Factors - The Group 
may be materially adversely affected by the Russian Invasion of Ukraine"). 
The general government deficit is expected to rise to 3.0 per cent. of GDP in 2024 when announced, up 
from 2.8 per cent. in 2023, due to continued recessionary pressures and increased military spending. Public 
debt is projected to increase from 20.2 per cent. of GDP in 2023 to 25.4 per cent. in 202644. 
Despite the Estonian economy being in recession during the 11 months ending November 202445 (quarter 
to quarter), the Estonian banking sector has performed better than expected. As of the third quarter of 2024, 
the Estonian banking sector has maintained a relatively low level of loan defaults and overdue payments. 
The share of problem loans within the banking sector remains small at under 0.4 per cent. of the loan 
portfolio as at the end of September 2024. Consumer loans were subject to a higher long-term overdue rate 
2.6 per cent. of loans were long-term overdue as an average in the third quarter of 2024, whereas only 0.2 
per cent. of housing loans and 0.4 per cent. of corporate loans were problem loans.46 The Bank of Estonia 
attributes this resilience to several factors, including strong capital buffers and profitability within the 
banking sector, the central bank has assessed that the buffers of the banks are sufficient to cover possible 
risks. Additionally, Estonian banks will need to continue their focus on compliance with EU-wide 
regulatory requirements related to sustainability and (ESG) Environmental, Social, and Governance 
standards. This may require significant investment in infrastructure but also opens opportunities for banks 
to play a critical role in financing Estonia's green transition. 
 
39 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/estonia/economic-forecast-estonia_en 
40 Source: https://www.eestipank.ee/en/press/economic-forecast-exports-will-bring-growth-estonian-economy-13122024 
41 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/estonia/economic-forecast-estonia_en 
42 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/estonia/economic-forecast-estonia_en 
43 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/estonia/economic-forecast-estonia_en 
44 Source: https://economy-finance.ec.europa.eu/economic-surveillance-eu-economies/estonia/economic-forecast-estonia_en 
45 Source: https://www.stat.ee/en/news/gdp-flash-estimate-economy-contracted-01-q4 
46 Source: https://www.eestipank.ee/en/press/financial-stability-review-buffers-banks-are-sufficient-cover-possible-risks-finds-eesti-
pank-19112024

--- Page 151 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
While Estonia faces several economic challenges, including elevated inflation, labour market pressures, 
external risks, and tax increases, the outlook remains cautiously optimistic. A combination of strategic fiscal 
measures, structural reforms, and a focus on enhancing competitiveness leaves the economy well positioned 
to support long-term economic recovery. The banking sector, despite concerns over energy prices and the 
war in Ukraine, has shown resilience and is well-positioned to support Estonia's long-term economic 
growth.

--- Page 152 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
THE ESTONIAN HOUSING MORTGAGE MARKET 
The information provided below has been derived from publicly available information on the Estonian 
housing mortgage market.   
Market Structure and Dynamics 
The Estonian housing mortgage market is a vital part of the country's financial system, primarily dominated 
by the banking sector. As at 30 June 2024, the total outstanding balance of mortgage loans in Estonia was 
approximately EUR 11.4 billion. The market remains concentrated, with Swedbank holding the largest 
share at 42 per cent., followed by SEB at 28 per cent., Luminor at 9 per cent., LHV at 12 per cent., and the 
Bank at 5 per cent.47 
Loan-to-Value Ratios and Interest Rates 
In Estonia, mortgage loans are generally offered with Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratios up to 85 per cent. 
However, this can increase to 90 per cent. for borrowers who meet the criteria for state-backed guarantees, 
such as those provided by the EIS. The mortgage interest rates are predominantly variable, tied to the 6-
month Euribor, plus a fixed margin. Fixed-rate mortgages are less common but are available. The fall in 
Euribor in 2024 gave rise to a corresponding reduction in loan interest rates, the average interest rate on 
new housing loans fell from 5.8 per cent. to 5.4 per cent. in the first half of 2024. Following further easing 
in monetary policy interest by the European Central Bank, the average interest cost is expected to continue 
its decrease throughout 2025.48 
Market Trends and Outlook 
The Estonian mortgage market has remained resilient despite the broader economic challenges. The demand 
for housing loans continues to be driven by urbanization, relatively stable employment rates, and 
government support schemes. In 2023, the mortgage market grew by 6 per cent. as the volume of new loans 
increased, although at a slower pace compared to previous years due to rising interest rates. Moderate 
growth continued in the first half of 2024, adding EUR 0.2 billion of new loans to the mortgage market. 
However, the residential real estate market is projected to experience an annual growth rate (compound 
annual growth rate 2025-2029) of 5.71 per cent.as economic conditions improve, interest rates stabilise, 
and consumer confidence returns49 50 51. 
Competitive Landscape 
The Estonian mortgage market is highly competitive, with the top five banks dominating the sector. The 
Bank, while smaller than its competitors, has been expanding its market share through a customer-centric 
approach and competitive pricing strategies. As of 30 June 2024, the Bank held a 6 per cent. market share. 
The Bank's integration with Coop Eesti Keskühistu's retail network provides it with a unique advantage 
throughout Estonia, but particularly in rural areas where it can offer banking services directly through retail 
outlets, reaching a broader customer base. 
Material Legal Aspects of the Mortgage Loans  
The below summarises the most material legal aspects of mortgage loans, however, does not purport to 
constitute an exhaustive or complete analysis of all legal aspects and considerations relating to mortgage 
loans. The below summary is based upon the laws effective on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date.  
 
 
 
47 Source: https://www.fi.ee/sites/default/files/fi_eft_2024_eng.pdf  
48 Source: https://www.fi.ee/sites/default/files/fi_eft_2024_eng.pdf  
49 Source: https://haldus.eestipank.ee/sites/default/files/2024-12/rpm2024-4_eng.pdf  
50 Source: https://www.statista.com/outlook/fmo/real-estate/residential-real-estate/estonia  
51 Source: https://www.eestipank.ee/en/press/economic-forecast-exports-will-bring-growth-estonian-economy-13122024

--- Page 153 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
Establishment of a Mortgage  
Real estate property located in Estonia can be pledged by way of a mortgage, which must be established 
under a notarised mortgage agreement and which is subject to registration with the Estonian Land Register. 
The entry into a mortgage agreement and registration of the mortgage in the Estonian Land Register is 
sufficient evidence regarding the establishment of the mortgage and no further certificates (either physical 
or electronic) are issued with respect to the mortgage under Estonian law. The Estonian Land Register is a 
public register and, subject to the payment of a processing fee, information regarding real estate properties, 
including mortgages encumbering such real estate properties, can be accessed publicly. An entry 
concerning the mortgage in the Estonian Land Register sets out: (i) the mortgagee; (ii) the monetary amount 
of the mortgage (mortgage amount); and (iii) the agreement whereunder the owner of the real estate 
property has consented to be subject to immediate compulsory enforcement (if applicable). Real estate 
property that may be subject to a mortgage comprises: (i) immovable, i.e. a plot of land and (ii) right of 
superficies, which is defined as a transferable and inheritable real right which encumbers an immovable 
such that the person for whose benefit a right of superficies is constituted is entitled to own a construction 
permanently attached to the immovable for a specified term.  
Under Estonian law, a mortgage generally encumbers a real estate property in its entirety. In the case of a 
real estate property co-owned by several owners, a legal share of a real estate property belonging to a co-
owner may also be encumbered. A mortgage cannot be established only on a physical share of a real estate 
property or a part of the legal share of a co-owner.  
A mortgage established under Estonian law on a residential real estate property extends to the parts and 
accessories of that property. A mortgage does not extend to the accessories of the real estate property which 
are not in the ownership of the owner of the real estate property. Furthermore, a mortgage does not extend 
to accessories and parts which before the seizure of the real estate property are transferred according to 
regular management or permanently severed from the real estate property. If real estate property 
encumbered with a mortgage is leased, the mortgage also extends to a claim under the lease which arises 
within the period between the seizure of the real estate property or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor 
and sale of the real estate property, or which arises within one year before the seizure of the real estate 
property or declaration of bankruptcy of the debtor and is uncollected. If a real estate property encumbered 
with a mortgage is insured, the mortgage also extends to a claim for insurance proceeds.  
A mortgage, up to the mortgage amount, secures any claim and interest (including any fine for delay) for 
up to three years before sale of the real estate property in enforcement proceedings, expenses for the 
collection of the debt, including the costs of the enforcement proceeding and bailiff's fees, and insurance 
premiums paid by the mortgagee on behalf of the owner of the immovable. 
Enforcement Procedures  
General principles of Estonian law in respect of enforcement  
If a borrower fails to duly fulfil its obligations under a mortgage loan, the creditor may generally (i) seek 
general enforcement of its claims against the borrower and collection of the debt arising from the mortgage 
loan and (ii) seek enforcement of a mortgage (and other security, if any) securing the mortgage loan to be 
able to satisfy the claims arising from the mortgage loans on the account of proceeds generated from the 
enforcement of such mortgage (or other security).  
Generally, under Estonian law, enforcement by a creditor of its claims against a defaulting borrower under 
a mortgage loan requires that the creditor first obtains a judgment ordering the relevant claims to be satisfied 
(for example, for a debt to be paid) after which the actual enforcement may be carried out by a bailiff in 
formal enforcement proceedings against the assets of the borrower regulated by Estonian law.  
In parallel or alternatively, a creditor holding a mortgage over real estate of the borrower (or another person) 
as security for the borrower's obligations under a mortgage loan may initiate enforcement of the mortgage, 
which is carried out (outside of bankruptcy proceedings of the mortgagor) by way of sale of the mortgaged 
real estate at a compulsory auction conducted by a bailiff or by way of compulsory administration by a 
bailiff. For this purpose, a notation on the agreement by the mortgagor to be subject to immediate 
compulsory enforcement must be entered into the Estonian Land Register. In case the proceeds generated

--- Page 154 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
from the enforcement of the mortgage are not sufficient to cover the creditor's claim in full, the creditor has 
the right to bring a separate claim to the court for recovery of the outstanding debt.  
Enforcement of a claim against the debtor  
To enforce a claim against the debtor arising from a mortgage loan, the creditor must typically submit its 
claim to a court having jurisdiction over the mortgage loan and would need to prove its claim against the 
debtor in order to obtain a court ruling ordering the debtor to satisfy the relevant claim (to pay the debt). 
Upon such court ruling entering into force, the creditor may apply to a bailiff, who shall carry out 
enforcement proceedings with respect to the debtor and its assets. If the debtor fails to pay the debt 
voluntarily upon the initiation of enforcement proceedings, the debtor's property is seized and sold to the 
extent necessary to satisfy the creditor's claims.  
Enforcement proceedings, including seizure and sale of the debtor's property, are carried out by a bailiff in 
accordance with the Estonian Code of Enforcement Procedure. The Estonian Code of Enforcement 
Procedure, among others, sets out a list of items and assets of the debtor which cannot be seized and sold 
in enforcement proceedings. Such items and assets mainly comprise property which is essential for the 
debtor to satisfy his or her needs or the seizure and sale of which would be contrary to law or good morals. 
The Estonian Code of Enforcement Procedure further provides a number of forms of income of the debtor 
which cannot be used to satisfy claims in enforcement proceedings, which mainly includes supports and 
benefits payable in accordance with laws.  
Enforcement of a mortgage  
The process of enforcement of mortgages depends on whether the notarised mortgage agreement includes 
the mortgagor's consent for submission to immediate compulsory execution proceedings in order to satisfy 
the claims secured with the mortgage. Such agreement may be (and generally is) included in the agreement 
for the establishment of the mortgage but may also be made later, including after the claims secured by the 
mortgage have fallen due. If such agreement has been made, the mortgagee may enforce the mortgage 
without obtaining a prior court ruling for enforcement. If no such consent is included in the mortgage 
agreement or made afterwards, the mortgagee would need to submit a claim to court to recognise its right 
to enforce the mortgage, and such court decision would then serve as the enforcement instrument upon 
which the mortgagee could turn to a bailiff to enforce the mortgage.  
Where the mortgagor and the mortgagee have agreed in the notarised agreement on submission by the 
mortgagor to immediate compulsory execution proceedings or where the mortgagee has obtained a court 
ruling for the enforcement of the mortgage, the mortgagee may apply for initiation of formal enforcement 
proceedings pursuant to which a bailiff carries out the enforcement of the mortgage. 
The enforcement of a mortgage is carried out by selling the mortgaged property at an auction or by 
subjecting the mortgaged property to compulsory administration. In the case of compulsory auction, the 
mortgaged property is sold at an auction and the proceeds of the sale are applied towards the satisfaction of 
the secured obligations. In the case of compulsory administration, the mortgaged property is administered 
by a bailiff and the proceeds of the management of the real estate (e.g. rental income) are applied towards 
the satisfaction of the secured obligations. In case the enforcement of a mortgage is carried out by way of 
selling the mortgaged property, the bailiff will seize the mortgaged property, by recording the property and 
its accessories and other objects to which a mortgage extends, prohibiting disposal thereof and applying for 
a notation concerning prohibition of the disposal of the property to be entered in the Estonian Land Register. 
The bailiff will announce the auction process in the Estonian Official Gazette and on at least one commonly 
used website for the sale of real estate at least 20 days in advance of the auction. After at least 20 days have 
passed from the announcement, the auction will be carried out by the bailiff and the proceeds of the auction 
will be applied towards the satisfaction of the secured obligations.  
At the request of the mortgagor and with the consent of the mortgagee, the bailiff may also permit the 
mortgagor to sell the mortgaged property under the supervision of the bailiff. The bailiff may permit the 
mortgagor to sell the property also regardless of the consent of the mortgagee: (i) if an auction for the sale 
of the property has failed or it can be presumed that the property cannot be sold at an auction or the revenue 
expected to be received from the property at an auction would be significantly lower than the revenue 
expected to be received from the sale of the property organised by the mortgagor or (ii) if an auction has

--- Page 155 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
failed due failure by the winning bidder to pay the purchase price and a repeated auction is also 
unsuccessful.  
Costs of enforcement  
If the enforcement process requires submitting a claim to court, a state fee would need to be paid to initiate 
the court proceedings. The amount of state fee payable would depend on the amount of the claim. 
Furthermore, court proceedings often entail other legal costs such as legal fees, which may not be 
compensated in full even if the court rules in favour of the party. If the court rules in favour of the other 
party, it is possible that the legal costs incurred by the other party may need to be compensated.  
The enforcement procedure by a bailiff would entail the bailiff's fee and costs necessary for enforcement 
proceedings. In the case of a monetary claim, the bailiff's fee depends on the amount of the claim. The 
enforcement costs would be borne by the debtor and would be collected by the bailiff. The enforcement 
costs would be collected from the debtor by the bailiff on the basis of the decision on enforcement costs 
(such document is immediately enforceable).  
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings  
Should the mortgagor be declared bankrupt, the mortgage ensures a priority position of the mortgagee with 
respect to the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property.  
In the mortgagor's bankruptcy proceedings, claims secured by the mortgage are satisfied as first priority 
claims for the account (and to the extent) of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property, from which the payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings (as listed below) in proportion 
to the ratio of the amount of money received from the sale of the pledged object to the total amount of 
money received from the sale of the bankruptcy estate are deducted. The maximum amount which can be 
deducted from the money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property is capped at 15 per 
cent. of the amount of money received from the sale of the mortgaged real estate property, meaning that at 
least 85 per cent. of the proceeds shall be applied for the satisfaction of the claims of the pledgee. If a claim 
secured by the mortgage is not satisfied in full out of the money received from the sale of the mortgaged 
real estate property, the rest of the claim shall be satisfied together with all other accepted claims which 
were filed within the term specified by law.  
The following are regarded as payments relating to the bankruptcy proceedings and have priority over and 
are satisfied before the claims secured by specific assets of the debtor: (i) claims arising from the 
consequences of exclusion or recovery of assets; (ii) maintenance support paid to the debtor and his or her 
dependants; (iii) in bankruptcy proceedings regarding estates, the expenses paid for the bequeather's 
funeral, maintenance of his or her family members, administration of the estate and making of the inventory 
of the obligations related to estate; (iv) consolidated obligations (as in more detail described below); and 
(v) costs of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
Consolidated obligations are: (i) obligations arising from transactions and other acts performed by a trustee 
in the performance of his or her duties in the bankruptcy proceedings; (ii) expenses of administration of the 
bankruptcy estate by the trustee during the bankruptcy proceedings regarding the estate; (iii) obligations 
arising from contracts which the debtor has failed to perform, if the trustee has continued performance of 
the obligations or given notification that he or she intends to require performance of the contract; (iv) taxes 
relating to continuation of the business activities of the debtor; (v) obligations to compensate for the damage 
caused during the bankruptcy proceedings by an unlawful action of a debtor who is a legal person; (vi) 
other obligations deemed to be consolidated obligations pursuant to the Estonian Bankruptcy Act.  
After the above listed claims have been satisfied, claims secured by the mortgage which have been accepted 
in the bankruptcy proceedings and were filed within the term specified by law, are satisfied before 
unsecured claims.

--- Page 156 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
Treatment of the mortgage and mortgagee in enforcement proceedings carried out with respect to the 
mortgagor's assets  
If the mortgaged real estate property is sold in enforcement proceedings initiated by other creditors by the 
bailiff on the basis of an execution document (such as e.g. court order), the mortgagee may, before the 
distribution of proceeds, submit an application to the bailiff, in which the mortgagee applies for the 
preferred satisfaction of the mortgagee's claim from the proceeds of the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property, regardless of whether or not the mortgagee's claim has fallen due. The bailiff must take the claim 
of the mortgagee into account upon distribution of the proceeds from the sale of the mortgaged real estate 
property and preparation of a distribution plan on the basis of the ranking of the mortgage as evident from 
the Estonian Land Register or notarised mortgage agreement.  
Contesting of claims and reversal  
An insolvency administrator and all other creditors of the bankrupt mortgagor may in the course of 
bankruptcy proceedings contest claims submitted against the debtor by other creditors. If contested, the 
dispute will be finally settled by the court who will determine whether such claim against the debtor exists 
and is sufficiently proven.  
Furthermore, an insolvency administrator may submit a claim to the court for recovering a security interest 
granted by the debtor or security agreement concluded by the debtor. In recovery, the court will revoke 
transactions, subject to the grounds specified below, which were concluded by the debtor within a certain 
time period before the declaration of bankruptcy and which damage the interests of other creditors and 
which meets other criteria for revocation set out in the Estonian Bankruptcy Act.  
In addition to general grounds applicable to all transactions, the Estonian Bankruptcy Act sets out specific 
grounds for revoking the grant of security. Under such provisions, a court will revoke the grant of a 
mortgage if the mortgage damages the interests of the creditors of the mortgagor and was granted: (i) during 
the period from the appointment of the interim trustee or trusted practitioner until declaration of bankruptcy; 
(ii) for securing an obligation which had arisen within six months before the appointment of the interim 
trustee or trusted practitioner if the debtor was not required to grant the mortgage at the time when the 
obligation arose or if the debtor was insolvent at the time of granting the mortgage and the person in whose 
favour the mortgage was granted was or should have been aware of the insolvency; (iii) within two years 
before the appointment of the interim trustee or trusted practitioner if the security was granted in favour of 
a person connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was solvent at the 
time of granting the mortgage.  
Granting of a mortgage cannot be recovered if the mortgage was granted in order to secure a loan or any 
other credit agreement and after granting the security the debtor came into possession of the amount of 
money corresponding to the value of the mortgage pursuant to the secured agreement (except in case the 
mortgage was granted within two years before the appointment of the interim trustee or trusted practitioner 
in favour of a person connected with the debtor unless the person or the debtor proves that the debtor was 
solvent at the time of granting the mortgage).  
In addition to reversal (recovery) of the transactions in bankruptcy proceedings, Estonian law also enables 
creditors to apply for reversal of certain transactions in pre-bankruptcy scenarios. The grounds for and 
procedure for such reversal of transactions are stipulated in the Estonian Code of Enforcement Procedure.  
Insolvency proceedings of natural persons  
Insolvency proceedings in respect of natural persons are governed by the Estonian Natural Person 
Insolvency Act. Under the referred act, a natural person may submit an application to the court to declare 
bankruptcy or to declare bankruptcy and initiate proceedings to release the debtor from their obligations or 
to initiate debt restructuring proceedings in respect of the debts. The creditor of the natural person may also 
submit an application to the court against the debtor to declare bankruptcy or to initiate debt restructuring 
proceedings. After the submission of the application by the debtor or the creditor, the court considers the 
prospects of the debtor to pay his or her debts and the appointment of a trusted practitioner (i.e. a 
professional adviser of the debtor) with the aim of choosing the most appropriate type of procedure for 
overcoming the debtor's payment difficulties.

--- Page 157 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
Following assessment of the application, the court shall either: (i) declare the debtor's bankruptcy; (ii) 
declare the debtor's bankruptcy and initiate proceedings for release of the debtor from their obligations; (iii) 
initiate debt restructuring proceedings; or (iv) reject or terminate the proceedings.  
Throughout the insolvency proceedings, the debtor will be advised by the trusted practitioner.  
The debt restructuring proceedings allow the debtor to apply for restructuring of their debts by way of either 
extending term of payment of the debts, allowing payment in instalments or reducing the total amount of 
the debts.  
Upon appointment of the adviser of the debtor:  
(i) 
the calculation of default interest or a contractual penalty that increases over time shall 
be suspended until the restructuring plan is approved or the debt restructuring 
proceedings are completed (save for claims which the debtor does not request to be 
restructured or in the event the debtor is declared bankrupt);  
(ii) 
a creditor may not terminate the contract entered into with the debtor on the grounds of a 
breach of a financial obligation which occurred before the filing of the insolvency 
application or refuse to perform his or her obligations on that basis. An agreement 
according to which the creditor may terminate the contract upon filing for insolvency or 
approving the restructuring plan is void. If the continuation of the contract is unfair to the 
creditor and unnecessary for the debtor, in particular if the initiation of debt restructuring 
proceedings is unlikely or the continuation of the contract is not necessary for the debt 
restructuring proceedings, the court may, on the creditor's application, allow the creditor 
to terminate the contract; 
(iii) 
the court shall suspend any and all pending enforcement proceedings or other 
enforcement measures against the debtor's assets until declaration of bankruptcy, the 
approval of the restructuring plan or until the insolvency proceedings have ended; and  
(iv) 
the court may also suspend court proceedings in which a pecuniary claim is pending 
against the debtor; annul the measures for securing an action against the debtor, including 
the seizure of a payment account; prohibit creditors from exercising their rights arising 
from security interests provided by the debtor, inter alia, to sell the object of pledge or 
apply for the sale thereof; and apply other measures of preliminary legal protection, 
including measures securing a bankruptcy petition.  
Nevertheless, a creditor may file an application to the court requesting, while taking into consideration the 
justified interests of the creditor, the continuation of the suspended enforcement proceedings and also to 
allow the creditor to exercise its rights arising from the security interests granted by the debtor, prior to the 
declaration of bankruptcy, approval of the reorganisation plan or termination of the proceedings.  
When the debtor is unable to adhere to the terms and conditions of the restructuring plan, the restructuring 
proceedings will be terminated and all restructured claims will be restored in their initial amount.  
Consumer protection  
The Estonian Law of Obligations Act sets out a specific legal framework applicable to consumer credit 
contracts, including those relating to residential immovable property, such as consumer credit contracts 
secured by a mortgage or another comparable security. These provisions apply to consumer credit contracts 
entered into with a consumer residing in Estonia or in a Member State of the European Union or if the 
contract is essentially linked to the territory of Estonia for any other reason, regardless of the governing law 
of the contract.

--- Page 158 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Prior to conclusion of the consumer credit contract, the creditor must provide a designated set of information 
to the consumer using the applicable Standard European Consumer Credit Information form, as well as 
give certain explanations to the consumer and assess the consumer's creditworthiness. The creditor must 
abide by the principles of responsible lending meaning the creditor may only enter into a consumer credit 
contract with the consumer provided the creditor is convinced that the consumer is creditworthy as a result 
of analysing the data constituting the basis for the assessment of creditworthiness in aggregate. Where the 
creditor and the consumer agree to change the amount of credit drawn down by the consumer or the upper 
credit limit, the creditor must update the information regarding the creditworthiness of the consumer and 
assess the creditworthiness each time before such change.  
The Estonian Law of Obligations Act sets out a mandatory catalogue of information a consumer credit 
contract must include. If any information required to be provided to the consumer is missing from the 
appropriate documentation or is not provided in the form required by law, the contract is deemed void, 
unless the consumer receives the loan or starts utilising the credit.  
A consumer credit contract is also deemed void, if the annual percentage rate payable by the consumer 
exceeds at the time of granting the credit the past six months' average annual rate of consumer credits 
granted by credit institutions to private individuals and last published by the Bank of Estonia (Eesti Pank) 
more than three times. If a consumer credit contract is void, the consumer must repay the amount received 
on the basis of the void consumer credit contract by the date by which the consumer had to repay the whole 
credit according to the void consumer credit contract with the interest equal to the last interest rate 
applicable to the main refinancing operations of the ECB before 1 January or 1 July of each year.  
A consumer may withdraw from a consumer credit contract within 14 days from the date of entry into the 
contract or receiving from the creditor all statutorily required information, whichever is later, without giving 
a reason. Upon withdrawal, the consumer must repay the outstanding credit and accrued interest no later 
than within 30 days after submitting a withdrawal application. The creditor is not entitled to claim payment 
of any other compensation from the consumer except for the non-returnable state charges paid by the 
creditor. Contract terms which restrict the statutory withdrawal right, in particular agreements pursuant to 
which withdrawal is subject to payment of retainer or a contractual penalty, are void. A consumer has the 
right to repay the credit in part or in full before maturity, without being obliged to pay any interest or other 
charges for the period when the credit is not utilised.  
If a consumer is late with payments, any penalty for late payment (default interest) may not exceed the last 
interest rate applicable to the main refinancing operations of the ECB before 1 January or 1 July of each 
year plus eight per cent. per year. This does not preclude or restrict the right of the creditor to demand 
compensation for damages in an amount which exceeds the penalty for late payment. Agreements for the 
payment of a retainer or contractual penalty from the consumer in the case of late payments are void.  
If, on the basis of a consumer credit contract, a consumer has made a payment which is insufficient for the 
performance of all obligations which have fallen due, the payment shall cover: (i) firstly, the expenses 
incurred for collection of the debt; (ii) secondly, the principal sum owed; (iii) thirdly, interest; (iv) fourthly, 
other obligations. A creditor may not refuse insufficient payments.  
Where consumer credit is repayable in instalments, the creditor may cancel the consumer credit contract 
due to late payment only if the consumer is wholly or partly late with payment for at least three consecutive 
repayment instalments and if the creditor has, without success, granted an additional term of at least two 
weeks to the consumer for the payment of the remaining amount together with notification that the creditor 
will cancel the contract upon failure to pay the tranches within the term and will claim for payment of the 
whole debt. In case of cancellation by the creditor, the total outstanding amount of all payments made by 
the consumer for repayment of the credit and the payments made to cover the total cost of the credit will be 
respectively reduced by the interest and the costs calculated for the period when the credit is not used. The 
creditor may cancel the contract also in case of a fundamental breach by the consumer.  
Agreements which derogate from the mandatory provisions of the Estonian Law of Obligations Act to the 
detriment of the consumer are void. The EFSA and Consumer Protection and Technical Regulatory 
Authority (Tarbijakaitse ja Tehnilise Järelevalve Amet) may, pursuant to the procedure provided by law, 
require a creditor who has breached the mandatory legal provisions to terminate such breach and refrain 
from any future breaches.

--- Page 159 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE QUALIFYING COVER POOL 
On 13 November 2024, the ECB granted the Bank an additional authorisation to issue covered bonds under 
the Estonian Covered Bonds Act (the "ECBA"). The additional authorisation is granted for an unspecified 
term. Additionally, the EFSA has approved certain main features of the Covered Bonds intended to be 
issued under the Programme which have been viewed by the EFSA as structural features of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Assets in the Cover Pool function as collateral for the holders of the Covered Bonds. The ECBA establishes 
eligibility criteria applicable to assets that can be included in the Cover Pool as well as sufficiency 
requirements in respect of eligible assets, including overcollateralisation requirements. The ECBA requires 
the Bank to continuously ensure that (a) the principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the same 
type and the interest payable thereon, the net liabilities arising from derivative instruments entered in the 
cover register, and operating expenses related to a covered bond portfolio, which consist of the estimated 
expenses related to management and administration in the case of liquidation of the covered bond portfolio, 
shall be covered by the cover pool at any time, (b) the nominal value of the cover pool shall exceed the 
liabilities covered by at least five per cent. and (c) in addition to meeting the above criteria, if the known 
redemption value of covered bonds is higher than their nominal value at the time of issue, the nominal value 
of the cover pool covering the covered bonds of the same type shall be at least equal to the redemption 
value of the covered bonds. The Cover Pool must also include a liquidity buffer that must (a) cover the 180 
day largest cumulative cash shortfall of the covered bonds portfolio and (b) amount to at least 2 per cent. 
of the nominal value of the Cover Pool. For a more detailed overview of the requirements of the ECBA in 
relation to the cover pool, please see "Overview of Estonian Regulation Regarding Covered Bonds" below. 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
The Bank's Cover Pool includes mortgage loans secured by mortgages on residential real estate located in 
Estonia. Certain substitute assets are allowed as eligible assets under the ECBA, but Mortgage Loans must 
always contribute at least 85 per cent. of the nominal value or redemption value of mortgage covered bonds 
(whichever is higher). The Bank may change the assets in the Cover Pool and the composition of the Cover 
Pool may vary over time. However, the Cover Pool must always conform with the eligibility and 
collateralisation requirements set out in the ECBA. The main eligibility criteria for assets that the Bank 
shall include in the Cover Pool are (but are not limited to): 
1. 
Borrower must be a private person; 
2. 
Loan must be collateralised with a mortgage on residential real estate; 
3. 
The mortgage securing the loan must amount to at least 110 per cent. of the issued loan; 
4. 
The currency of the mortgage loans is EUR; 
5. 
The eligible portion of a mortgage loan's outstanding balance in the Cover Pool is capped at 70 
per cent. LTV but the full amount is included in the Cover Pool; 
6. 
Borrower must not be overdue at the time of inclusion of the loan in Cover Pool; 
7. 
Collateral property needs to have a valid valuation or indexation not older than 12 months;  
8. 
Mortgage securing the loan must be a first ranking mortgage. A lower ranking mortgage is 
acceptable where the Bank also owns all higher-ranking mortgages on the same property 
(effective first rank). Higher-ranking mortgages of the state or local government related to the 
ownership reform are also acceptable. 
Based on ECBA amendments in force from 10 December 2021, the Bank may choose to retain overdue 
loans in the Cover Pool if the loans become overdue while forming part of the Cover Pool. However, there 
are certain haircuts to eligible loans partly depending on the loan's overdue days and LTV levels based on 
regulation.

--- Page 160 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
The Bank estimates that the current balance of residential mortgage loans eligible for inclusion in the Cover 
Pool amounted to EUR 571 million as of 31 December 2024. The weighted average current indexed LTV 
of these loans equaled 62 per cent.  
The LTV ratio is calculated taking into account the residential real estate collateralising the loan (i.e. only 
collateral which is relevant and eligible for the purpose of the Covered Bonds is taken into account). Where 
a loan is collateralised by additional security that is not eligible for the purpose of the Covered Bonds (such 
as a guarantee from the EIS which provides mortgage loan guarantees for qualifying borrowers), such 
additional collateral is not taken into account in the calculation of the LTV ratio. In effect, if all collateral 
available for the Bank were taken into account, the LTV ratios would be somewhat lower. 
Details 
about 
Cover 
Pool 
characteristics 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Bank's 
website 
at: 
https://www.cooppank.ee/en/investor/bonds/covered-bonds. 
The Bank may grant grace periods to its customers, including for principal payments of mortgage loans. 
Residential mortgage loans for which a grace period has been granted would be considered eligible for the 
Cover Pool, provided that they are not overdue (based on the amended repayment schedule granted to the 
customer) and comply with all other eligibility criteria. 
Risk Management of the Cover Pool 
Based on the ECBA, the Bank is required to conduct stress tests on the Cover Pool on at least a quarterly 
basis.  
On 27 January 2023, the Ministry of Finance adopted the regulation of the procedure, methodology and 
purpose of Covered Bond Portfolio stress testing and covering the collateral shortfall as a results of stress 
testing. 
The regulation regulates more specifically the Bank's stress test procedures to include an annual sensitivity 
analysis and quarterly stress tests, measuring the potential impact of the Covered Bond Portfolio, its 
collateral and risk factors affecting the Bank and the potential impact of multi-risk factors on the Covered 
Bond Portfolio and on the Bank as a whole, i.e. the sensitivity of the Covered Bond Portfolio and the Bank 
to risk factors. 
The stress test scenarios shall be based on the EBA's worst-case stress test scenario and consider the 
specificities of the Bank's risk profile. If some of the scenarios described in regulation are not relevant for 
Bank's Cover Pool risks, then the reasons not to conduct these scenarios has to be explained to the EFSA.  
The main stress test scenarios shall cover the following risks; 
1. 
Interest rate risk scenarios; 
2. 
Foreign exchange risk scenarios; 
3. 
Real estate price shocks (fire sale conditions); 
4. 
Credit risks and counterparty risks which take into account concentration risk, prepayments, 
defaults and deterioration of the credit of the cover assets; 
5. 
Early repayment risk and any other risks specific to the Cover Pool; and 
6. 
At least one stress test must be a combination of the above risk factors. 
Based on ECBA § 22(3), the Bank must assess the collateral shortfall based on the largest collateral shortfall 
identified during the stress tests. If, because of such assessment, the value of the collateral does not meet 
the requirements set out in ECBA §18 (1), (1.1) and (2), the Bank must increase the assets entered into the 
Cover Pool or replace them in a way that rectifies the shortfall.

--- Page 161 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
In addition to stress tests, the Bank must conduct an annual sensitivity analysis which measures the potential 
impact of risk factors affecting the covered bond portfolio, its collateral and the Bank, as well as the effect 
of multi-risk factors on the covered bond portfolio and on the Bank as a whole, i.e. the sensitivity of the 
covered bond portfolio and the Bank towards risk factors. The Bank must submit the results of the 
sensitivity analysis to the EFSA within three months of the end of the Bank's financial year.  
The Bank's management regularly assesses the plans and results of the stress tests of the Covered Bond 
Portfolio. The results of stress testing are always considered when the Bank defines and adapts its business 
plans and market strategies.  
Periodic information about the Cover Pool 
The Bank has an obligation under the ECBA to publish in respect of the Covered Bonds certain information 
set out in the ECBA every quarter on its website relating to, inter alia, (i) the nominal value of outstanding 
covered bonds and of the Cover Pool; (ii) a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme 
with the International Securities Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any; (iii) the maturity structure of the 
covered bonds and the cover pool; (iv) the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to 
the accuracy of the country, based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage credit 
or commercial mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or Bank in the case of other cover assets; (v) 
the type of property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the loans included in 
the cover pool; (vi) the distribution of substitute collateral, in terms of its value, between the types specified 
in subsection 20 (1) of the ECBA; (vii) the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio 
between the total liquidity buffer and the payment obligations of the next 180 days; (viii) the percentage of 
the amount of substitute collateral, which has been in default for over 90 days or which the Bank estimates 
to be doubtful, in the Cover Pool; (ix) details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and 
currency risk, and credit and liquidity risks; (x) a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment 
obligation; (xi) the amount of the main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and (xiii) the methodology for calculating the 
ratio between credit and the value of the property standing as security for the credit. 
The Bank has also implemented the common Harmonized Transparency Template of the European Covered 
Bond Council. 
Periodically, updated general information in relation to the Cover Pool can be found on the Bank's website 
at the following address: https://www.cooppank.ee/en/investor/bonds/covered-bonds. The ECBA requires 
information for the first three quarters of a year to be disclosed within 20 days of the end of the respective 
quarter and information about the fourth quarter to be disclosed within two months of the end of the quarter. 
The disclosed information shall be available on the Bank's website for at least the last five years.

--- Page 162 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF ESTONIAN REGULATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The ECBA was first adopted on 13 February 2019 and came into effect on 1 March 2019. In 2021, various 
amendments were introduced into the ECBA which came into effect on 10 December 2021. The main 
purpose of these amendments was to implement the requirements set out by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") into 
Estonian law. Further, the ECBA was slightly revised in June 2024 with the purpose of ensuring greater 
compliance with the Covered Bond Directive.  
The following is a brief summary of certain features of the ECBA as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The summary does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of the Estonian legislative and 
regulatory framework for covered bonds. Please also refer to the subsection "Risks related to the covered 
bonds" in the section "Risk Factors". This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
General 
The ECBA, implementing the Covered Bond Directive, provides the regulatory regime for the issuing of 
covered bonds under the laws of Estonia. The ECBA, among other things, regulates the process for 
obtaining additional authorisation by credit institutions for the purposes of issuing covered bonds, obtaining 
of approval for the covered bond programmes, the terms and conditions of issuance and collateralisation of 
covered bonds, the assignment of claims of credit institutions for the purpose of including assigned claims 
in the cover pool of covered bonds and the separation of a covered bond portfolio from the other assets of 
the a credit institution, as well as state supervision over, and responsibility for, covered bonds. Under the 
ECBA, issuers are allowed to issue two types of covered bonds – mortgage-covered bonds and mixed pool-
covered bonds. The Covered Bonds that the Issuer may issue under this Base Prospectus would be 
mortgage-covered bonds only and the Issuer does not plan to issue mixed pool-covered bonds. Therefore, 
the below summary does not discuss the requirements of the ECBA in relation to mixed pool-covered 
bonds. 
The ECBA is based on the "on-balance sheet" model of covered bonds, meaning that the covered bond 
portfolio (including the cover pool, consisting of the cover assets and possibly certain derivative 
instruments, as described in more detail below) remains under the ownership of the issuer and on its balance 
sheet until the satisfaction of all of the claims under the covered bonds (including in case of a default of the 
issuer). In the event that the issuer is declared bankrupt or upon occurrence of certain other events (which 
have been listed under "Separation of the covered bond portfolio" below), the covered bond portfolio will 
be separated from the issuer. The separated covered bond portfolio will remain in the ownership of the 
issuer (except where the covered bond portfolio is transferred as a whole) and will form an independent 
pool of designated assets by operation of the ECBA. Following the separation of the covered bond portfolio, 
the cover pool and the proceeds received from it may be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders of 
the respective type of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the 
corresponding cover register and to cover the expenses related to the management of the covered bond 
portfolio. The separated covered bond portfolio will not be part of the issuer's bankruptcy estate and a 
moratorium shall not extend to the covered bond portfolio. The separation of the covered bond portfolio 
will not release the issuer from its obligations under the covered bonds and the owners of the covered bonds 
will, following such separation have dual recourse in relation to the claims arising from the covered bonds, 
against the issuer and against the separated cover pool. 
Under the ECBA, an issuer may opt to establish a cover bond programme. A covered bond programme 
allows an issue or a series of issues of covered bonds the structural features and terms and conditions of 
which are the same or substantially similar and which are determined by legislation and relevant contractual 
terms and conditions, in accordance with the decision to approve the covered bond programme given to the 
issuer, subject to the requirements provided for in the ECBA. 
Authorisation 
For an Estonian issuer to be able to issue covered bonds, the issuer needs to hold a credit institution's 
authorisation (issued in accordance with the Estonian Credit Institutions Act) and an additional 
authorisation to issue covered bonds (issued in accordance with the ECBA). As part of the process of being 
granted the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds, the issuer shall also seek approval for its 
covered bond programme, which the ECBA defines as the issue or a series of issues of covered bonds, the 
structural features and terms and conditions of which are the same or substantially similar, as determined 
by legislation and the relevant contractual terms and conditions in accordance with the EFSA's decision to

--- Page 163 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
approve the covered bond programme. If, after the grant of the additional authorisation, the issuer seeks to 
issue covered bonds on the basis of a covered bond programme other than that provided in the business 
plan, the issuer shall seek the EFSA's approval for its new or amended covered bond programme. 
The Issuer has been granted on 13 November 2024 an additional authorisation to issue covered bonds by 
the ECB, which has been notified to the Issuer by the EFSA. 
The additional authorisation is issued for an unspecified term and shall expire: 
• 
in the event of expiry of the main credit institution's authorisation – when the main authorisation 
expires; 
• 
in the event of voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of covered bonds – when the authorisation 
for the voluntary discontinuation is received from the EFSA; or 
• 
in the event of revocation of the additional authorisation – when the additional authorisation is 
revoked. 
In order to apply for the additional authorisation, members of the management board of the issuer must 
submit to the EFSA a written application and supplementary documents listed in the ECBA (including, 
among others, additions to the business plan which the issuer has prepared in accordance with the Estonian 
Credit Institutions Act for the purposes of obtaining the main credit institution's authorisation, analysis of 
the risks associated with the issue of covered bonds and the management of a covered bond portfolio, and 
a plan for separation of the covered bond portfolio specified in § 9(2) of the ECBA). The EFSA makes a 
decision to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation within three months after receipt of all the 
necessary documents and information that meet requirements, but not later than within six months after 
receipt of the application for the additional authorisation. 
The EFSA shall refuse to grant the additional authorisation to the applicant if: 
• 
the applicant does not have the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital for 
the purposes of the of the Estonian Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the 
activities described in the additions to the business plan that are not subject to the requirements 
for self-funding; 
• 
the applicant does not meet the requirements for issuers provided for in the ECBA or legislation 
issued on the basis thereof; 
• 
the applicant does not have the necessary resources and experience for the issuance of covered 
bonds and administration of a covered bond portfolio; or 
• 
on other grounds stipulated in the ECBA. 
Upon deciding whether to grant or refuse to grant the additional authorisation, the EFSA shall consider, 
among other things, the following: 
• 
the level of the organisational and technical administration of the applicant's activities; and 
• 
the professional preparation and experience of persons involved in the management of the covered 
bond portfolio, and the clarity of their rights, obligations and responsibilities. 
The ECBA also includes a list of circumstances that serve as grounds for revocation of the additional 
authorisation. Such circumstances include, among others, where: 
• 
it has become evident that, when applying for the additional authorisation, the applicant has 
submitted misleading or false information or documents to the EFSA; 
• 
the issuer has repeatedly or materially breached the provisions of the ECBA; 
• 
the issuer has, by its activities, prevented the EFSA from exercising supervision under the ECBA; 
• 
the issuer is unable to meet the liabilities it has assumed in connection with the covered bonds or, 
for any other reason, its activities significantly impair the interests of investors or other clients or 
adversely affect the regular functioning of the securities market; 
• 
the issuer has failed to comply with a precept of the EFSA within the term or in the manner 
prescribed; or

--- Page 164 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
• 
the issuer has not issued any new covered bonds within five years after the receipt of the additional 
authorisation or after the redemption of all previously issued covered bonds. 
The ECBA also includes a list of circumstances that serve as grounds for revocation of the additional 
authorisation. Such circumstances include, among others, where it has become evident that, when applying 
for the additional authorisation, the applicant has submitted misleading or false information or documents 
to the EFSA, the issuer has repeatedly or materially breached the provisions of the ECBA, the issuer has, 
by its activities, prevented the EFSA from exercising supervision under the ECBA, or the issuer has not 
issued any new covered bonds within five years after the receipt of the additional authorisation or after the 
redemption of all previously issued covered bonds. 
Cover register 
The issuer is obliged to maintain a cover register in accordance with the ECBA and its implementing acts, 
that contains information on the cover assets securing the covered bonds. The cover assets entered in the 
cover register for the same type of covered bonds constitute a cover pool. One and the same type of covered 
bonds, their cover pool, and the derivative instruments entered in the cover register constitute a covered 
bond portfolio. The cover register consists of the main register and sub-registers. In addition to the cases 
provided by the ECBA, a sub-register must be created in order to ensure that the cover pool and derivative 
instruments related to a specific covered bond portfolio will be properly recorded. When creating sub-
registers, the issuer must take into account the size of the covered bond portfolio, the complexity of its 
structure and other relevant indicators. 
Under the ECBA, information published about the entry of a claim securing covered bonds in the cover 
register shall include at least: 
• 
the name and registry code of the issuer of the covered bonds; 
• 
information that enables the identification of the claim entered in the cover register as a cover asset 
of the covered bonds without publishing the data of single debtors and the third parties concerned; 
and 
• 
information about how the entry of the claim in the cover register as a cover asset of the covered 
bonds affects the rights and obligations of the debtors and the third parties concerned. 
The entry of a claim serving as coverage for covered bonds in the cover register or its deletion from the 
cover register does not require the consent of the debtor or the third party concerned and the issuer generally 
does not have an obligation to inform the debtor or the third party concerned of the entry of the claim in the 
cover register. However, under the ECBA, the issuer shall incur an obligation to notify the debtor of an 
entry of a claim in the cover register if the issuer estimates that it is objectively likely that the separation of 
a covered bond portfolio will take place. In this case, the issuer notifies the debtor of the entry of the claim 
in the cover register before the separation of the covered bond portfolio. If it is mandatory to notify the 
debtor of an entry of a claim securing covered bonds in the cover register, the issuer shall publish the 
information on its website and also in the Estonian Official Gazette (in Estonian: Ametlikud Teadaanded) 
or in at least one daily national newspaper. Additionally, such information must be published, in addition 
to Estonia, in other EEA countries where the immovable property securing a mortgage credit is located or 
where the debtor of the claim is registered. The debtor of a claim and the counterparty to a derivative 
instrument entered in the cover register may at any time, and an interested party may in a justified case, 
request information as to whether the claim or derivative instrument that is related thereto has been entered 
in the cover register. The obligation to provide the information lies with the issuer, the cover pool 
administrator and the bankruptcy trustee for the covered bond portfolio. 
Disclosure of information relating to covered bonds 
The ECBA requires that the issuer of covered bonds discloses information about covered bond portfolios 
once a quarter. Information about the first three quarters of a year shall be disclosed within 20 days of the 
end of the respective quarter. Information about the fourth quarter shall be disclosed within two months of 
the end of the quarter. The disclosed information must be available on the issuer's website for at least the 
last five years. 
The following information must be disclosed: 
(i) 
the nominal value of outstanding covered bonds and of the cover pool;

--- Page 165 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a list of all covered bonds under that covered bond programme with the International Securities 
Identification Numbers (ISINs), if any: 
(iii) 
the maturity structure of the covered bonds and the cover pool; 
(iv) 
the geographical distribution of the value of cover assets, at least to the accuracy of the country, 
based on the location of the property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit or 
commercial mortgage credit, and the location of the debtor or issuer in the case of other cover 
assets; 
(v) 
the type of property included in the cover pool, the total size and valuation method of the loans 
included in the cover pool; 
(vi) 
the distribution of substitute cover assets, in terms of their value, between the different types of 
eligible substitute cover assets; 
(vii) 
the level of the liquidity buffer and information about the ratio between the total liquidity buffer 
and the payment obligations of the next 180 days;  
(viii) 
the percentage of the amount of substitute cover assets, which have been in default for over 90 
days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool; 
(ix) 
details in relation to market risk, including interest rate risk and currency risk, and credit and 
liquidity risks; 
(x) 
a list of the conditions suspending the maturity of a payment obligation; 
(xi) 
the amount of main collateral, mandatory overcollateral and voluntary overcollateral; 
(xii) 
information about counterparties of derivative contracts; and 
(xiii) 
the methodology for calculating the ratio between credit and the value of the property standing as 
security for the credit. 
In addition, the percentage of the amount of mortgage-backed credits, which have been in default for over 
90 days or which the issuer estimates to be doubtful, in the cover pool, shall be disclosed regarding the 
primary cover assets for mortgage-covered bonds. 
Eligible cover pool assets 
Under the ECBA, eligible assets consist of primary cover assets and substitute cover assets. Primary cover 
assets must constitute at least 85 per cent. of the principal cover pool of a covered bond portfolio. Regarding 
the requirements of the ECBA for substitute cover assets, please see "Substitute cover assets" below. 
In accordance with the ECBA, primary cover assets of mortgage-covered bonds may only consist of the 
issuer's claims that arise from a credit issued to a natural person against a mortgage established on a 
residential property located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which comply 
with the conditions provided for in the ECBA. 
For the purposes of the ECBA, a residential property is property referred to in Article 4 (1) (75) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council. 
Claims arising from a mortgage-backed credit issued to a natural person against a residential property 
located in the territory of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia may be used as 
coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only if the mortgage securing the mortgage-backed credit or other 
right of security provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a 
mortgage established under Estonian legislation. It is assumed that cover assets meeting the conditions laid 
down in Article 208 (2) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
provide the creditor with protection that is equivalent to the protection provided by a mortgage established 
under Estonian legislation. 
The following may not be entered into the cover register:

--- Page 166 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
• 
a mortgage-backed credit which is in default at the time that the credit is entered in the cover 
register. 
• 
a mortgage-backed credit in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from the credit or the 
mortgage securing the claim is encumbered, or in the case of which the issuer's claim arising from 
the credit, the mortgage securing the claim or the property on which the mortgage has been 
established is subject to a restraint on disposition. 
Pursuant to the ECBA (as amended), if the recipient of a mortgage credit defaults on its obligations after 
the credit has been entered in the cover register, the following portion of the credit that has fallen into 
default may be taken into account upon calculation of the value of the cover pool: 
• 
100 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for less than 90 days; 
• 
70 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for at least 90 days and the ratio of the credit to the value of the property securing the mortgage 
credit is less than 50 per cent; 
• 
 40 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in default 
for at least 90 days and the ratio of the credit to the value of the property securing the mortgage 
credit is more than 50 per cent; or 
• 
 0 per cent. of the value of the credit entered in the cover register if the credit has been in delay for 
at least 180 days. 
The valuation of the property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register 
which is located in Estonia must be done by a valuator meeting the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act in compliance with the requirements provided for in the 
Estonian Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act. The valuation of the property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register which is located in the territory of a Contracting State 
of the EEA Agreement other than Estonia must be done by a valuator who holds a relevant professional 
qualification in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement, in accordance with the legislation, 
relevant standards and good practices in force in the relevant Contracting State of the EEA Agreement and 
the following conditions are met: 
• 
the methodology and rules of procedure applied ensured an objective and impartial valuation; and 
• 
the valuation or the result thereof was documented in a format that can be reproduced in writing 
and in such a way as to enable the identification of, among others, the identity of the valuator or 
the issuer's structural unit conducting the valuation, the methodology and rules of procedure 
applied in the valuation, and the source data used for making the valuation. 
Where the mortgage established on an immovable property secures claims arising from different credit 
agreements, the claims arising from these credits may serve as coverage for mortgage-covered bonds only 
if the credit has been issued to one and the same person under the credit agreements and all the credits have 
been issued in the same currency. In this case, when calculating the ratio of credit to value of the property 
securing the mortgage-backed credit, the claims arising from all credit agreements shall be deemed to be 
claims arising from one credit agreement and the claims shall be added together. 
The claims of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit may be used as coverage for mortgage-
covered bonds in an amount of up to 70 per cent. of the value of the property securing the mortgage-backed 
credit. Nevertheless, all the issuer's claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover 
register are included in the cover pool. 
To include a claim of the issuer arising from a mortgage-backed credit as coverage for mortgage-covered 
bonds, the mortgage securing the claim must account to (i.e. the sum of the mortgage must be) at least 110 
per cent. of the issued credit. The sum of mortgage may exceed the value of the property securing the credit. 
Under the ECBA, a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit and entered in the cover 
register must, until the recipient of the credit has met all the obligations owed to the issuer, be insured under 
the terms and conditions normally used to insure similar properties in the Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement in such a way as to ensure that all relevant risks are insured. As an exception, an undeveloped 
residential property does not need to be insured. If the property is a residential building, apartment building 
or apartment under construction, the insurance obligation arises at the moment when the building being

--- Page 167 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
constructed becomes a construction with an interior space that is separated from the external environment 
by a roof and other parts of the building envelope. In the absence of an insurance agreement meeting the 
conditions described above, the issuer must remove the claims arising from the mortgage-backed credit 
from the cover register unless an insurance agreement meeting the described requirements is entered within 
30 business days from the moment the issuer became aware of the absence of the insurance agreement. A 
mortgage-backed credit may be included in the cover register only if the market value of the property 
standing as security for the credit has been appraised by an appraiser meeting the requirements provided 
for in section the Creditors and Credit Intermediaries Act, in accordance with the requirements laid down 
and the regulation adopted under the said act. 
The value of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register must 
be reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary. Furthermore, under the ECBA, the value of 
a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register shall be 
additionally reviewed and reappraised, if necessary: 
(i) in the event of a significant change in market conditions;  
(ii) if the information available to the issuer indicates that a significant decline has occurred or is 
occurring in the national or local real estate market, including if it concerns only one specific 
property type, residential building type or other narrower category of properties; 
(iii) in the event that a more frequent review of the value of a property standing as security for a 
mortgage credit entered in the cover register has been prescribed in the terms and conditions of 
covered bonds; 
(iv) in the event that this is demanded by the EFSA; or 
(v) in the event that this is demanded by the cover pool monitor or the cover pool administrator and 
there is reasonable doubt that the issuer has not performed its obligation to ensure that the value 
of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register is 
reviewed at least once a year and reappraised, if necessary or the issuer has not performed its 
obligations in subsections (i) – (iii) above. 
In the cases listed in subsections (i) and (ii) above, the value of a property standing as security for a 
mortgage-backed credit entered in the cover register may be reappraised by indexed appraisal. When 
entering a mortgage-backed credit in the cover register, the value of a property standing as security is 
determined on the basis of the latest appraisal or reappraisal, which may not be older than 12 months. 
Under the ECBA, the issuer is obliged to perform a stress test on covered bonds at least once every three 
months, to assess the risks identified in the methodology for stress tests of the covered bond portfolio in the 
issuer's relevant internal rules. Ensuring the performance of stress tests shall be the responsibility of the 
managers of the issuer. The minister responsible for the area may, by a regulation, establish more detailed 
requirements for the procedure methodology and purpose of stress testing of covered bond portfolios and 
for covering the deficiency found during the stress test. However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
such a regulation has not yet been adopted by the minister responsible for the area. 
If the value of the cover pool, as calculated during the stress test, no longer meets the requirements provided 
for in the ECBA, the issuer shall be obliged to increase the cover assets to be entered in the cover register 
by the maximum deficiency determined as a result of the stress test. 
Requirements relating to liquidity 
The issuer must maintain a liquidity buffer in order to ensure the liquidity of the covered bond portfolio 
where there is a separation of the covered bond portfolio from the issuer. The liquidity buffer is a part of 
the cover pool and is considered in the calculation of the principal cover pool and the mandatory 
complementary cover pool. The liquidity buffer must be entered in a separate sub-register of the cover 
register. 
Under the ECBA, the liquidity buffer may comprise only the following cover assets: 
• 
level 1 and level 2A assets specified in Articles 10 and 11 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No. 2015/61 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council with regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions, except the 
issuer's own covered bonds; or

--- Page 168 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
• 
short-term exposures and short-term deposits meeting the characteristics specified in Article 
129(1)(c) of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that they do not constitute more than 15 per cent. of the sum of the main collateral and 
the mandatory overcollateral; or 
• 
short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2, or short-term 
deposits to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3, in accordance with the 
provisions of point (c) of Article 129(1) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013. 
A cover asset included in the liquidity buffer must meet the following conditions: 
• 
it shall not be in default or, in the estimation of the credit institution, doubtful; 
• 
in the case of a deposit, it shall be ensured that the funds deposited will be fully available without 
delay upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio; and 
• 
securities shall be kept in a separate securities account of the issuer or in a manner allowing the 
securities included in the liquidity buffer to be kept unblocked in case of bankruptcy of the issuer. 
To calculate the minimum level of the liquidity buffer, the difference between the payments to be made in 
order to meet all the liabilities arising from the covered bonds and derivative instruments entered in the 
cover register, on the one hand, and the cash flow to be received from the cover pool, on the other hand, 
shall be calculated on a daily basis for each of the following 180 days (hereinafter referred to as the daily 
difference). Thereafter the sum of the accumulated daily differences shall be calculated for each of the 
following 180 days, and the highest negative result shall be covered at all times by cover assets eligible to 
be included in the liquidity buffer. Amounts received on the basis of derivative contracts shall not be taken 
into account upon calculating the daily difference if the amounts arise from the financial assets pledged by 
the counterparty of the derivative contract for the benefit of the issuer of covered bonds. 
If the issuer has, in compliance with the ECBA, established a suspensive condition in the terms and 
conditions of covered bonds, the fulfilment of which will extend the maturity of the payment obligation 
arising from a covered bond, the maturity to be observed upon the fulfilment of the suspensive condition 
may be used as the basis for the purpose of the calculation of the minimum level of the liquidity buffer for 
that payment obligation. 
Notwithstanding the above, the liquidity buffer shall account for at least five per cent. of the nominal value 
of the cover pool. 
Substitute cover assets 
In addition to the primary cover assets, under the ECBA, the following cover assets may be included in a 
cover pool as substitute cover assets: 
(i) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, central banks within the European System of Central Banks, or central 
governments, public sector entities, regional governments or local authorities of the Member States 
of the European Union; 
(ii) 
claims on, or guaranteed by third-country central governments and central banks, multilateral 
development banks and international organisations, that qualify for credit quality step 1 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council; 
(iii) 
claims on, or guaranteed by, public sector entities of third countries, regional governments of third 
countries or local authorities of third countries, for which a risk weight has been assigned the same 
way as for claims on credit institutions and investment firms or central governments and central 
banks in accordance with Article 115 (1) or (2) and Article 116 (1), (2) or (4) of Regulation (EC) 
No. 575/2013 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council and which qualify for the credit 
quality step 1 according to the risk weight so assigned; 
(iv) 
claims specified in items (ii) and (iii) above, which qualify for at least the credit quality step 2 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that such claims do not exceed 20 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover;

--- Page 169 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
(v) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for the credit quality step 1 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that such claims do not exceed 15 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover; 
(vi) 
claims on credit institutions and investment firms, which qualify for credit quality step 2 in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
provided that they do not exceed ten per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding covered 
bonds in the covered bond portfolio that they cover;  
(vii) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered bond 
portfolio that meet the requirements provided for in the ECBA; and 
(viii) 
the surplus of net claims arising from the derivative instruments included in a covered bond 
portfolio which qualify as a minimum for credit quality step 3 in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, provided that they do not exceed 
eight per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding covered bonds in the covered bond portfolio 
that they cover and provided that the requirements provided for in subsection (iii) above are 
observed. 
Derivatives 
In order to hedge risks arising from covered bonds, under the ECBA an issuer has the right to use derivative 
instruments and to enter them in the cover register, provided that all of the following conditions are met: 
(i) 
the derivative instrument transaction has been made on the basis of a framework agreement that is 
usual for this sector, is sufficiently documented, and only allows set-off for claims arising from 
derivative instruments entered in the cover register; 
(ii) 
the counterparty to the transaction is a person who meets the eligibility requirements of the 
regulation established by a regulation of the minister responsible for the area; 
(iii) 
the terms and conditions of the framework agreement or transaction ensure that, in the event of the 
issuer's insolvency, if it does not lead to the insolvency of the covered bond portfolio related to the 
particular derivative instrument, the counterparty to the transaction is not entitled to prematurely 
terminate the transaction or framework agreement; 
(iv) 
the sole purpose of the transaction is to hedge the issuer's risks arising from the specific type of 
covered bonds;  
(v) 
the counterparty to the transaction has given consent to the inclusion of the derivative instrument 
in the cover register (whereas such consent is presumed if a framework agreement between the 
parties provides or if the issuer has otherwise informed the counterparty to the derivative 
instrument that the framework agreement is concluded for the purpose of hedging the risks arising 
from the specific covered bond portfolio); 
(vi) 
the derivative instrument transactions are not subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC derivatives, 
central counterparties and trade repositories; 
(vii) 
the cover pool of covered bonds is not used as a cover asset for securing obligations arising from 
a derivative instrument contract; and 
(viii) 
if the creditworthiness of the counterparty to a derivative instrument transaction has fallen to a 
significant extent, the counterparty to the transaction shall provide, pursuant to the derivative 
contract, an additional collateral or the issuer shall arrange replacement of the counterparty to the 
transaction. 
The issuer shall reduce the volume of derivative contracts in the cover pool in proportion to the reduction 
in the hedged risk and remove derivative contracts from the cover register in their entirety when the hedged 
risk ceases to exist.

--- Page 170 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
In the event that the issuer has the right to require the counterparty to a derivative instrument to provide 
security on the basis of a claim arising from the derivative instrument, the security shall be comprised of 
claims that qualify as substitute cover assets (please see "Substitute cover assets" above) and shall be 
entered in a separate sub-register of the cover register. 
In the event that the cash flow to be received by the issuer from a derivative instrument entered in the cover 
register exceeds the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument and 
if an extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a positive cash flow for the issuer, the lower of 
the following amounts shall be treated as the net claim: 
• 
the positive cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the transaction; 
or 
• 
the cash flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument, less the payments to be 
made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument. 
In the event that the payments to be made to meet the issuer's liabilities arising from a derivative instrument 
entered in the cover register exceed the cash flow to be received from the derivative instrument or an 
extraordinary termination of the transaction results in a negative cash flow for the issuer, the lower of the 
following amounts shall be treated as the net liability: 
• 
the negative cash flow resulting for the issuer from the extraordinary termination of the 
transaction; or 
• 
the payments to be made to meet the liabilities arising from the derivative instrument, less the cash 
flow to be received by the issuer from the derivative instrument. 
The issuer shall subtract the net liabilities from the net claims arising from the derivative instruments 
included in a covered bond portfolio and, depending on the result, shall treat the negative result as the 
surplus of net liabilities and the positive result as the surplus of net claims. 
Separation of the covered bond portfolio 
Under the ECBA, upon the occurrence of the following events, the covered bond portfolio shall be 
considered separated from the issuer: 
(i) the issuer is declared bankrupt; 
(ii) a moratorium is declared in respect of the issuer; 
(iii) the additional authorisation or main authorisation of the issuer expires; 
(iv) a court ruling providing for compulsory dissolution of the issuer takes effect; 
(v) the authorisation for voluntary dissolution of the credit institution or discontinuation of the 
issuance of covered bonds is received from the EFSA; or 
(vi) a decision of the EFSA for the separation of the covered bond portfolio takes effect. 
The EFSA may resolve the separation of a covered bond portfolio prior to the occurrence of an event 
specified above, if: 
• 
the issuer is breaching or is likely to materially breach the requirements of the ECBA or other 
legislation regarding the activities of a credit institution in the near future; or 
• 
the issuer is likely to become insolvent in the near future. 
After the separation of the covered bond portfolio, an independent pool of designated assets is formed, in 
which the cover pool and the proceeds received from it can be used only to satisfy the claims of the holders 
of the respective type of covered bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instrument entered in the 
corresponding cover register and to cover the expenses related to the management of the covered bond 
portfolio. Upon the separation of the covered bond portfolio:  
• 
the right to manage the covered bond portfolios and the right to participate, instead of the issuer, 
in court proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio shall transfer to the cover pool 
administrator; and

--- Page 171 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
• 
the issuer shall lose the right to undertake any transactions with the assets included in a covered 
bond portfolio. 
The separation of a covered bond portfolio does not affect the rights and obligations arising from covered 
bonds or from the derivative instruments and the cover pool entered in the cover register, and the payment 
obligations attached to covered bonds are not subject to automatic acceleration upon the separation of the 
covered bond portfolio, except as otherwise provided by the ECBA. The claims of the holders of covered 
bonds and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register shall be satisfied 
at the expense of the cover pool and proceeds received from it, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the covered bonds and derivative instruments. 
Appointment of cover pool administrator 
In the event that: (i) the issuer is declared bankrupt; (ii) the covered bond portfolio is separated; (iii) the 
compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court; (iv) the EFSA revokes the issuer's credit 
institution's authorisation or the additional authorisation for issuing covered bonds; (v) the EFSA authorises 
the voluntary dissolution of the issuer as a credit institution or voluntary discontinuation of the issuance of 
covered bonds by the issuer; or (vi) the EFSA establishes a moratorium over the issuer, the court shall, on 
the proposal of the EFSA, appoint a cover pool administrator in respect of the covered bond portfolios in 
the ruling on bankruptcy, the ruling on the separation of the covered bond portfolio or the ruling on the 
compulsory dissolution. The court shall appoint a cover pool administrator without delay, but not later than 
within three days after receipt of the petition from the EFSA (other than where the issuer is declared 
bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is decided by a court, in which case the cover pool 
administrator is appointed immediately upon the making of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt 
or decide on its compulsory dissolution). 
Where urgent transactions need to be made to manage the covered bond portfolio, until the cover pool 
administrator is appointed, the administrator's rights and obligations are carried out by the cover pool 
monitor (other than in case the issuer is declared bankrupt or the compulsory dissolution of an issuer is 
decided by a court, in which case the cover pool administrator is appointed immediately upon the making 
of the court ruling to declare the issuer bankrupt or decide on its compulsory dissolution). 
In the event of the appointment of a cover pool administrator, the right to manage and dispose of a covered 
bond portfolio shall transfer to such cover pool administrator. The cover pool administrator shall represent 
the issuer in the management and disposal of covered bond portfolios, including meeting the liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register, in the 
acceptance of satisfaction of claims included in the cover pool, in the enforcement of mortgages and other 
rights of security, and in legal disputes. 
The cover pool administrator must manage the covered bond portfolio with the necessary diligence, 
considering its nature, and in a manner ensuring that the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the 
derivative instruments entered in the cover register are met in the best possible way. To this end, the cover 
pool administrator has the right to transfer and encumber the cover pool, enter into derivative instruments 
at the expense of the cover pool, and perform other necessary operations. The cover pool administrator has 
the right to use the cover pool and the proceeds received from it to cover the expenses necessary for the 
management of covered bond portfolios. 
Upon his or her appointment, the cover pool administrator shall promptly, but not later than within two 
weeks, ascertain whether the cover pool and proceeds received from it are sufficient to meet the issuer's 
liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and 
to pay the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio. In the event that the covered bond 
portfolio appears to be insolvent, the cover pool administrator shall promptly notify the EFSA thereof. 
In order to perform his or her duties, the cover pool administrator may use the assistance of the issuer's 
employees and the issuer's tools, compensating the issuer for the expenses entailed by their use. The issuer 
shall deliver the contracts and other documents related to covered bonds and the cover pool to the cover 
pool administrator and shall provide the cover pool administrator with access to the information systems 
used for the management of covered bond portfolios. 
In the management of covered bond portfolios, the cover pool administrator must observe the mandatory 
requirements concerning the management of covered bond portfolios and the satisfaction of claims, as 
established for issuers by the Estonian Credit Institutions Act and the ECBA, including the requirements 
for banking secrecy and for processing of personal data imposed on credit institutions.

--- Page 172 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Assignment and acquisition of claims for formation of cover pool 
Under the ECBA, a credit institution shall have the right to assign its claim against a debtor for the formation 
of the cover pool of covered bonds to a credit institution of an EEA country or to a special purpose entity 
located in an EEA country that has been established for the formation of the cover pool of covered bonds. 
The provisions of the Estonian Law of Obligations Act shall apply to the assignment of a claim, transfer of 
a collateral and an accessory obligation related to a collateral securing a claim with the specifications 
provided for in the ECBA. 
Assignment of a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered bonds shall not require the 
consent of the debtor. If the debtor performs their obligation to the credit institution that assigned the claim, 
the credit institution that assigned the claim shall ensure that the proceeds received as a result of the 
performance of the obligation are separated from the other assets of the credit institution that assigned the 
claim and immediately deliver the proceeds received as a result of the performance of the obligation to the 
new creditor. 
The assets delivered to the new creditor as described above shall not be part of the assets of the credit 
institution that assigned the claim in the bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation proceedings, enforcement 
proceedings or resolution proceedings of the credit institution that assigned the claim and a moratorium 
shall not extend to them. If the credit institution that assigned the claim has not delivered to the new creditor 
the proceeds received as a result of the performance of the obligation as described above before the 
declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium, entry into force of a court ruling providing for compulsory 
dissolution, adoption of a decision on voluntary dissolution, introduction of resolution tools or 
commencement of enforcement proceedings in respect of the credit institution, such assets shall not be part 
of the assets of the credit institution that assigned the claim in its bankruptcy proceedings, liquidation 
proceedings, resolution proceedings or enforcement proceedings and a moratorium shall not extend to them. 
The credit institution that assigned the claim is required to notify the debtor of the assignment of the claim. 
The debtor may be notified of the assignment of a claim, publishing the information on the website of the 
credit institution that assigned the claim and on the website of the credit institution or the special purpose 
entity that acquired the claim or in at least one daily national newspaper. The debtor may be notified of the 
assignment of a claim before or after the assignment of the claim, but this must be done no later than before 
the declaration of bankruptcy or a moratorium, introduction of resolution tools, entry into force of a court 
ruling providing for compulsory dissolution or adoption of a decision on voluntary dissolution in respect 
of the credit institution that assigned the claim. 
Information published about the assignment of a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered 
bonds shall include: 
• 
the name and registry code of the person who acquired the claim; 
• 
the name of the credit institution that assigned the claim; 
• 
information that enables the identification of assigned claims without publishing the data of single 
debtors and the third parties concerned; and 
• 
information about how the assignment of the claim affects the rights and obligations of the debtors 
and the third parties concerned. 
The credit institution that assigned a claim must also simultaneously submit the information specified above 
to the EFSA. The EFSA may publish the submitted information on its website. 
After the assignment of a claim to a new creditor, a debtor, who is a consumer, or a third party concerned 
shall have all the rights arising from the laws and regulations governing consumer protection in their home 
country, taking into account the specifications provided for in the ECBA. 
If a credit institution assigns a claim for the purpose of forming the cover pool, the right to exercise in 
respect of the claim the rights arising from a present or future enforcement instrument shall transfer to the 
acquirer of the claim: 
• 
as of the assignment of the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool if no entry 
must be made in a public register for the transfer of the collateral securing the claim assigned for 
the purpose of forming the cover pool; or 
• 
after an entry has been made in a public register if an entry must be made in a public register for 
the transfer of the collateral securing the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool.

--- Page 173 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
Additionally, a debtor or a third party concerned shall not set off their claims related to the cover pool, 
which have not fallen due before the events provided for in the ECBA, as of the time when the debtor or 
the third party concerned became or had to become aware of: 
• 
the entry of a claim serving as a cover asset of a covered bond in the cover register; or 
• 
the assignment of a claim to a new creditor for the purpose of forming the cover pool of covered 
bonds as described above if the claim assigned for the purpose of forming the cover pool of 
covered bonds has been included in the cover pool of covered bonds by the new creditor. 
Enforcement proceedings concerning cover pools 
A cover pool can be made subject to a claim for payment, seized or be made subject to a restraint on 
disposition only for the purpose of performance of the obligations that arise from covered bonds and from 
derivative instruments related to covered bonds. Under the ECBA, a claim assigned by a credit institution 
to a new creditor for the purpose of forming the cover pool can only be made subject to a claim for payment, 
seized or be made subject to a restraint on disposition if the claim has not been included in the cover pool 
of covered bonds by the new creditor. A claim for payment, seizure or restraint on disposition can be 
imposed only on the cover pool as a whole and only for the amount of the claim raised by a creditor of the 
covered bond portfolio. The issuer or the cover pool administrator shall keep accounts and records of claims 
for payment, seizures and restraints on disposition. 
The imposition of a claim for payment, seizure or other restraint on disposition on a cover asset or cover 
pool for reasons not related to covered bonds does not result in the revocation of the additional authorisation 
or the appointment of a cover pool administrator if the issuer meets all the other requirements arising from 
the ECBA and there are no other grounds for revoking the additional authorisation or for appointing a cover 
pool administrator. If, in the aforementioned case, the value of the cover pool would fall below the statutory 
level, the issuer shall immediately replace the cover asset that is subject to a claim for payment, seizure or 
restraint on disposition with another cover asset of the same value. 
Transfer of a covered bond portfolio in its entirety 
In the event that the covered bond portfolio is separated from the issuer, the cover pool administrator may, 
upon the permission of the EFSA, transfer the separated covered bond portfolio in its entirety to another 
Estonian credit institution that has obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds or to a credit 
institution of a Contracting State of the EEA Agreement which is permitted to issue, in the country where 
it is established, covered bonds meeting the conditions provided for in Directive (EU) 2019/2162 the 
European Parliament and of the Council. Upon such transfer, all rights and obligations related to the covered 
bond portfolio being transferred, including responsibility for the obligations arising before the transfer of 
the rights and obligations, shall be transferred to the acquirer. The proceeds received from the transfer of 
the covered bond portfolio in its entirety shall be used to cover the expenses of management of the covered 
bond portfolio. The funds remaining after all expenses are covered shall be included by the cover pool 
administrator in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. If any payment is made in respect of the 
claims included in the cover pool to the issuer after the transfer of the covered bond portfolio, such payment 
is deemed to be made in favour of the covered bond portfolio and accordingly the issuer shall immediately 
transfer the relevant amount to the acquirer. 
In the event that a covered bond portfolio is transferred in its entirety, the transfer of the rights and 
obligations included in the covered bond portfolio shall not require the consent of the holders of covered 
bonds, other parties to contracts, creditors or other interested parties. The acquirer is obliged to, within a 
reasonable time after the acquisition of the covered bond portfolio, inform the holders of the covered bonds, 
debtors of the claims constituting the cover pool, the counterparties to derivative instruments related to the 
cover pool and the third parties concerned of all the circumstances necessary for the exercise and 
performance of the respective rights and obligations. 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to another Estonian credit institution that has 
obtained the additional authorisation to issue covered bonds if both the following conditions are met: 
• 
the acquirer meets all the requirements established for issuers by the Estonian Credit Institutions 
Act, the ECBA and other legislation and has not breached these requirements repeatedly or 
materially during the last 5 years; and

--- Page 174 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
• 
the acquirer has the capacity to ensure the existence of sufficient internal capital within the 
meaning of the Estonian Credit Institutions Act to cover all risks arising from the acquisition of 
the covered bond portfolio that are not subject to own funds requirements. 
A covered bond portfolio may be transferred in its entirety to an acquirer being a credit institution 
established in another Contracting State of the EEA Agreement if all of the following conditions are met: 
• 
the acquirer meets all the requirements imposed on credit institutions and issuers of covered bonds 
by the law of the country where the acquirer is established, and the acquirer has not breached these 
requirements repeatedly or materially during the last 5 years; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the coverage of the covered 
bonds included in the covered bond portfolio to be transferred and of the related derivative 
instruments entered in the cover register, as well as the rights of the holders of the covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register at a level that 
is at least equivalent to that guaranteed by Estonian law; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established guarantees the rights of the debtors of the 
claims standing as security for the covered bonds at a level that is at least equivalent to that 
guaranteed by Estonian law, and the transfer will not render the performance of the obligations 
more expensive or difficult for the debtor of any such claim; 
• 
the law of the country where the acquirer is established allows the acquirer to acquire the covered 
bond portfolio; and 
• 
the acquirer has all the necessary authorisations and approvals for the acquisition of the covered 
bond portfolio that are required for the transaction according to the law of the country where the 
acquirer is established. 
In order to obtain permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio, the acquirer shall, not later than 
on the 20th day after the conclusion of the contract for the transfer of the covered bond portfolio in its 
entirety, submit to the EFSA a written application and the supplementary documents and information 
required under the ECBA. 
The EFSA may refuse to grant permission for the transfer of a covered bond portfolio if: 
• 
the above described requirements for the acquirer of a covered bond portfolio are not met; or 
• 
there are other circumstances damaging to the legitimate interests of the holders of covered bonds 
and of the counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
Insolvency of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio is insolvent if one of the following circumstances occurs:  
• 
it is not possible to satisfy the legitimate claim of at least one holder of covered bonds or 
counterparty to a derivative instrument entered in the cover register at the expense of the cover 
pool or the proceeds received from it, and this impossibility is not temporary due to the economic 
situation of the covered bond portfolio; or 
• 
the present value of the cover pool does not cover the present value of the liabilities arising from 
covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register and the expenses 
of management of the covered bond portfolio. 
The provisions of the Estonian Bankruptcy Act concerning a bankrupt debtor and their bankruptcy 
proceedings shall apply to an insolvent separated covered bond portfolio, subject to the specification 
provided in the ECBA. 
Only the EFSA has the right to file a bankruptcy petition in respect of a separated covered bond portfolio. 
Upon the submission of a bankruptcy petition by the EFSA, the court will review the bankruptcy petition 
promptly but not later than on the following business day and decide on the declaration of bankruptcy on 
the basis of evidence annexed to the bankruptcy petition. On the basis of the bankruptcy ruling, the covered 
bond portfolio concerned shall become a separate bankruptcy estate of the issuer. 
In the bankruptcy proceedings of a separated covered bond portfolio only the holders of covered bonds, the 
counterparties to the derivative instruments entered in the cover register who have a claim arising from 
failure to perform an obligation in accordance section 48 of the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, and other persons

--- Page 175 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
whose claims may be satisfied at the expense of the cover pool or proceeds received from it according to 
law, can be creditors in bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio. Claims arising from 
derivative instruments and covered bonds shall have the same ranking and shall be satisfied before the 
claims of other creditors. 
Upon the bankruptcy of a covered bond portfolio, the court shall appoint the bankruptcy trustee for the 
covered bond portfolio on the basis of the proposal of the EFSA. In addition to the general duties, rights 
and obligations the bankruptcy trustee has under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, the bankruptcy trustee shall: 
• 
submit to the EFSA, without delay, the information requested by the latter and allow the EFSA to 
examine the documentation related to the bankruptcy proceedings concerning the covered bond 
portfolio; and 
• 
if necessary, or if so prescribed by the legislation of the other Contracting State of the EEA 
Agreement, notify the registrar of the commercial register, land register or other relevant register 
of the Contracting State of the EEA Agreement where a cover asset is located about the bankruptcy 
ruling concerning the covered bond portfolio. 
In addition to the appointment of a bankruptcy trustee, a bankruptcy committee shall be formed for the 
insolvent covered bond portfolio. The bankruptcy committee shall have five members, three of which shall 
be appointed by the EFSA. 
In the event that a claim included in the cover pool of the bankrupt covered bond portfolio is satisfied with 
respect to the issuer, such satisfaction shall be deemed to be satisfaction in favour of the bankruptcy estate 
of the covered bond portfolio in bankruptcy proceedings. The issuer or its bankruptcy trustee shall transfer 
the proceeds of the satisfaction immediately to the bankruptcy trustee of the covered bond portfolio. 
Bankruptcy proceedings concerning a covered bond portfolio may not be terminated by a compromise, 
(which is a special court-supervised proceeding generally available under the Estonian Bankruptcy Act, 
allowing termination of bankruptcy proceedings upon reaching a settlement agreement approved by a 
majority of the creditors whose claims form at least two-thirds of the total amount of all defended claims 
in the bankruptcy proceedings). To the extent that it is not possible to satisfy claims arising from covered 
bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register in the bankruptcy proceedings 
concerning the covered bond portfolio, a creditor shall have the right to file claims against the issuer in the 
general procedure, including in bankruptcy proceedings. 
Liquidation of a separated covered bond portfolio 
A separated covered bond portfolio shall be liquidated once all the liabilities arising from covered bonds 
and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register are met. Within 20 business days from the 
date of meeting all the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in 
the cover register, the cover pool administrator is obliged to submit to the EFSA the last reports required 
by the ECBA, disclose all information required under the ECBA and publish a notice regarding the 
liquidation of the covered bond portfolio in the Estonian Official Gazette. After the fulfilment of the above 
listed obligations by the cover pool administrator, the EFSA shall within 10 business days file a petition for 
release of the administrator from office with a court. 
From the date of entry into force of the court ruling on the release of the cover pool administrator from 
office, the provisions of the ECBA shall no longer apply to the portion of the cover pool that remains after 
the liabilities arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register 
are met and the expenses of management of the covered bond portfolio are paid. The person whose term of 
office as the cover pool administrator has ended shall, insofar as possible, assist in the inclusion of the 
assets referred to in the first sentence of this subsection in the issuer's bankruptcy estate or other assets. 
State supervision 
Under the ECBA, supervision over the issuance of covered bonds consists of state supervision by the EFSA 
and supervision by an independent cover pool monitor, which is appointed by the issuer. 
The EFSA's role in relation to the ECBA consists of supervision over the activities of issuers of covered 
bonds and cover pool administrators. Such supervision includes the issuing of additional authorisations to 
credit institutions for the issuing of covered bonds (which is a prerequisite for a credit institution to issue 
covered bonds under the ECBA) and the revocation of such authorisations, applying to court for the 
appointment of a new cover pool monitor, deciding the separation of the covered bond portfolio from the 
issuer, applying to court for the appointment of a cover pool administrator and for the release of a cover

--- Page 176 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
pool administrator from its office, approving and refusing transfers of covered bond portfolios in their 
entirety, filing bankruptcy petitions in respect of separated covered bond portfolios and appointing members 
to the bankruptcy committee for covered bond portfolios. 
For the purposes of performing its supervision activities, the EFSA has the right to request reports, 
information, documents and oral or written explanations concerning facts relevant to the exercise of 
supervision. Furthermore, the EFSA has the right to require, for the purpose of performing supervision 
activities, issuers, cover pool monitors and cover pool administrators to submit all information and 
documents necessary for verification of the compliance of covered bond portfolios with requirements. In 
addition to the above and the rights the EFSA has for carrying out supervision under other laws of Estonia, 
the EFSA has the right to issue precepts to issuers requiring: 
(i) 
the inclusion of cover assets in a cover register; 
(ii) 
the entry of cover assets meeting the conditions provided for in the ECBA in the liquidity 
buffer sub-register; 
(iii) 
the removal of non-compliant cover assets or derivative instruments from the cover 
register; 
(iv) 
the correction of incorrect entries in the cover register; 
(v) 
the reappraisal of a property standing as security for a mortgage-backed credit or a 
commercial mortgage-backed credit in accordance with the methodology specified by the 
EFSA; 
(vi) 
the conduct of a stress test of the covered bond portfolio in accordance with the 
methodology specified by the EFSA; 
(vii) 
the replacement of a cover pool monitor; 
(viii) 
the provision of information to the cover pool monitor and allowing it to access 
documents and information systems;  
(ix) 
the calculation of the present value of the covered bonds or the cover assets in accordance 
with the methodology specified by the EFSA; and 
(x) 
bringing the internal rules into compliance with law. 
In the event of failure to comply with an administrative act issued in accordance with the ECBA, the EFSA 
has the right to impose penalty payments until the failure to comply is cured. Furthermore, in case of certain 
breaches of the requirements of the ECBA, the EFSA has the right to impose fines in the amount of up to 
EUR 2,400 in case of a breach by a natural person and fines in the amount of up to EUR 400,000 in case 
of breach by a legal person. 
In addition to the above, in the case of certain breaches of the ECBA or a failure by the issuer to duly and 
timely fulfil a precept issued by the EFSA, the EFSA may revoke the issuer's additional authorisation for 
the issuing of covered bonds, which would also result in the separation of the covered bond portfolio. 
Cover pool monitor 
For the performance of the duties provided for in the ECBA, the issuer must appoint an independent cover 
pool monitor. The cover pool monitor must be an auditing company which ensures that the tasks of the 
cover pool monitor are only fulfilled by a sworn auditor with who is trustworthy and has an impeccable 
business reputation, adequate knowledge and experience. The cover pool monitor may not be an auditing 
company who audits or has audited the annual reports of the issuer within the year preceding its appointment 
as the cover pool monitor. 
Pursuant to the ECBA, the statutory duties of a monitor are to verify: 
(i) the compliance of stress testing of a covered bond portfolio and the changes introduced to the 
covered bond portfolio as a result of stress testing to requirements; 
(ii) the existence of a sufficient cover pool and its compliance with requirements;

--- Page 177 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
(iii) the compliance of the maintenance of the cover register with requirements; 
(iv) the compliance of the appraisal of immovable properties encumbered with a mortgage securing 
credit and included in the cover pool with requirements; 
(v) the compliance of the issuer's risk management and reporting with requirements;  
(vi) the compliance of the terms and conditions of covered bonds with requirements; and 
(vii) the existence of an updated plan for separation of the covered bond portfolio and its compliance 
with the ECBA. 
The monitor has the right to determine the scope and duration of the verification on each occasion. The 
monitor may carry out an on-the-spot verification at the place of establishment or place of business of the 
issuer, notifying the issuer at least two business days in advance. The issuer must allow the monitor to 
examine documents and information systems and shall provide the monitor with the information to the 
extent necessary for the performance of the monitor's duties. 
The monitor must inform the issuer of any deficiencies found during verification in a format that can be 
reproduced in writing and shall set a reasonable deadline for elimination of the deficiencies. The monitor 
must notify the EFSA of the deficiencies that are not fully eliminated by the deadline set. The monitor must 
further notify the EFSA, promptly and in a format that can be reproduced in writing, of any circumstances 
or decisions that have come to the knowledge to the monitor and that result or may result in: 
• 
a material breach of the legislation regulating the activities of the issuer; 
• 
a material breach of the conditions under which the additional authorisation was granted; or 
• 
a situation, or the risk of a situation arising, in which the issuer is unable to perform its liabilities 
arising from covered bonds and from the derivative instruments entered in the cover register. 
The monitor must draw up a summary of verification activities that gives an overview of performance of 
its duties, the deficiencies found and the measures taken to eliminate them. The period covered by the 
summary of verification activities must correspond to the issuer's financial year. The summary of 
verification activities is to be submitted to the issuer and the EFSA within three months after the end of the 
issuer's financial year. 
The appointment of the cover pool monitor is decided by issuer's general meeting. A monitor shall be 
appointed for a term of at least one year. The term of office of a monitor shall terminate: 
• 
when a cover pool administrator is appointed; 
• 
when the covered bond portfolio is declared bankrupt; 
• 
when the monitor is removed by the general meeting; 
• 
when the monitor resigns of his or her own accord; or 
• 
when the monitor's term of appointment ends. 
In the event of the voluntary resignation of the monitor, the monitor must notify the issuer and the EFSA 
thereof at least 30 days in advance. In the event of removal of the monitor by the general meeting, the issuer 
must notify the EFSA about the planned removal 10 days before the relevant resolution is adopted, unless 
prior notification is not possible for good reason. 
A court shall, in the proceedings initiated on the basis of a petition of the EFSA, appoint a new monitor if: 
• 
the general meeting of the issuer has not appointed a new monitor or there is reason to believe that 
a new monitor cannot be appointed before the termination of the term of office of the then current 
monitor; or 
• 
the then current monitor does not meet the requirements established by law or there are 
deficiencies in the performance of his or her duties. 
The term of office of a monitor appointed by a court shall continue until the general meeting appoints a 
new monitor.

--- Page 178 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has appointed KPMG Baltics OÜ as cover pool monitor 
in respect of this Programme and entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement in compliance with the 
requirements of the ECBA. 
Label 
An issuer may use the label "eriti kvaliteetne Euroopa pandikiri" (or "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
in English) and its language versions translated into the official languages of the European Union only for 
covered bonds which are issued in accordance with the ECBA.

--- Page 179 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to certain 
benchmarks. 
Details of the administrators of such benchmarks, including details of whether or not, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each such administrator's name appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the "ESMA 
Benchmarks Register") are set out below: 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Administrator appears on ESMA 
Benchmarks Register? 
 
 
 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser 
Yes 
STIBOR 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
Yes 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute 
Yes 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS 
Yes

--- Page 180 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds. It does 
not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Covered Bonds, whether in 
those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax 
advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered 
Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after 
such date. 
Taxation of interest in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with Article 17(1) of the Income Tax Act of Estonia (tulumaksuseadus), as amended (the 
"ITA"), income tax at the rate of 22 per cent. is charged on interest received by individuals who are resident 
in Estonia. Furthermore, income tax payable in respect of interest payments to be made to Estonian residents 
is to be withheld by the Issuer. Under the approved Security Tax Act of Estonia, an additional 2 per cent. 
tax applies on natural persons’ taxable income from 2026 until the end of 2028. 
The Issuer will not withhold income tax and the additional 2 per cent. tax if the Estonian resident Covered 
Bondholder, who is an individual, has notified the Issuer that the interest was received on financial assets 
acquired for money held in an investment account as specified in Article 172 of the ITA.  
Resident legal entities are not subject to income tax upon receiving interest income. Under the Estonian 
corporate income tax system such income is included in their profits and taxed upon distribution of profit 
pursuant to the respective procedures. Resident legal entities should also be aware of the 2 per cent. profit 
tax on unconsolidated accounting profits before tax, applicable from 2026 to 2028. 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
The Issuer is not subject to withholding any income tax on interest payments to non-residents (including 
whether the non-resident is a legal entity or an individual, or if the legal entity has a permanent 
establishment in Estonia). 
The income earned by non-resident Covered Bondholders is not subject to taxation in Estonia but may be 
subject to taxation in their country of residence. 
Definitive Covered Bonds 
Covered Bondholders should be aware that, if Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, holders of any 
Definitive Covered Bonds that are not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, who are 
individuals (i.e. not legal entities), will be required to present evidence of non-Estonian tax residency or 
other evidence as required by the Issuer, to the relevant Paying Agent, in order to receive payments of 
interest free of Estonian withholding tax (which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, is charged at a rate 
of 22 per cent.). 
Taxation of capital gains in Estonia 
Estonian Resident Covered Bondholders 
The income earned by resident individuals from the sale or exchange of Covered Bonds is taxed as gain 
from the transfer of property which is subject to income tax at the rate of 22 per cent. A Covered Bondholder 
has to declare the gain received and pay the income tax on its annual income tax return. The gain or loss 
derived from the transfer of Covered Bonds is the difference between the acquisition cost and the sale price 
of the Covered Bonds. A resident individual has the right to deduct any loss suffered upon the transfer of 
securities during a period of taxation from the gains derived from the transfer of securities during the same 
period of taxation. If the amount of loss suffered upon transfer of the Covered Bonds during a period of 
taxation exceeds the amount of gains derived by a taxpayer from the transfer of the Covered Bonds during

--- Page 181 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
the same taxation period, the amount by which the loss exceeds the gains may be deducted from the gains 
derived from the transfer of the Covered Bonds during subsequent taxation periods. 
Moreover, under Article 37(1) of the ITA, a resident individual has the right to deduct certified expenses 
directly related to the sale or exchange of Covered Bonds from the resident's gain or to add such expenses 
to the resident's loss.  
Under the approved Security Tax Act of Estonia, an additional 2 per cent. tax will apply to natural persons' 
taxable income from 2026 until the end of 2028. This means that an Estonian resident individual Covered 
Bondholder will be required to pay, in addition to the 22 per cent. income tax, a 2 per cent. Security Tax 
on any gains received between 2026 and 2028 (inclusive).Upon using an investment account specified in 
Article 172 of the ITA for the purposes of making transactions with the Covered Bonds and depositing the 
proceeds from the transfer of Covered Bonds in the investment account, individual Covered Bondholders 
may postpone the taxation of their income derived from the sale or exchange of the Covered Bonds. The 
moment of taxation of the financial income held on an investment account is postponed until such income 
is withdrawn from the investment account (i.e. the amount withdrawn from the investment account which 
exceeds the amount that had been previously paid in the said account). 
Resident legal entities are not subject to income tax upon receiving interest income. Under the Estonian 
corporate income tax system such income is included in their profits and taxed upon distribution of profit 
pursuant to the respective procedures. Resident legal entities should also be aware of the 2 per cent. profit 
tax on unconsolidated accounting profits before tax, applicable from 2026 to 2028. 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Gains received from the sale or exchange of Covered Bonds is not subject to income tax in Estonia by non-
resident Covered Bondholders (i.e. non-resident legal persons who do not have a registered permanent 
establishment in Estonia, and/or individuals). 
The gains received by non-resident Covered Bondholders may be subject to taxation in their country of 
residence. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 182 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions including 
the Republic of Estonia have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in 
their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an 
IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that 
it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the 
Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date of publication of final regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment".52 Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Covered Bonds. 
 
52 
On 14 December 2018 the Treasury and the IRS issued Proposed Regulations that substantially reduce the burden under FATCA 
and chapter 3 by eliminating withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and certain Insurance premiums, deferring 
withholding on foreign Pass-thru payments, and introducing other relief measures.

--- Page 183 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland 
PLC, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Erste Group Bank AG, 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Nordea Bank Abp and UniCredit Bank GmbH (the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
subscribed by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated 19 February 2025 (the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Covered Bonds the method 
of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the 
Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final 
Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is 
material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Covered Bonds the method of distribution is an 
agreement between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Syndicated", the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Covered Bonds will be joint and 
several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which 
is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including 
whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilisation Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Covered Bonds under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement 
prior to the closing of the issue of such Covered Bonds, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Covered Bonds. 
In this situation, the issuance of such Covered Bonds may not be completed. Investors will have no rights 
against the Issuer or the relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these 
circumstances.  
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Covered Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Covered Bonds comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 184 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA (including Estonia). For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 185 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if 
it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving 
the UK. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidance of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") 
and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or 
deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, it has 
complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
Neither the Issuer or any of the Dealers represents that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 186 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by the board of directors of the Issuer on 12 
February 2025. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during 
the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries since 31 December 2023 nor has there been any significant change in the financial 
position or performance of the Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries since 31 December 2024. 
Auditors 
4. 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 
and for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 (each incorporated into this 
Base Prospectus by reference) and issued an unqualified auditor's reports from the audits thereof. 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers is a member of the Estonian Auditors Association. 
Listing Agent 
5. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in connection with the Covered Bonds and is not itself seeking admission of the Covered Bonds to 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents on Display 
6. 
Electronic copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) will, 
when published, be available for inspection at https://www.cooppank.ee/en/investor, for 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the articles of association and trade register extract of the Issuer (as the same may be updated 
from time to time); 
(b) the audited consolidated financial statements of Coop Pank AS and the Coop Group for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022; 
(c) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Coop Pank AS and the 
Coop Group as at and for the fourth quarter and twelve months period ended 31 December 
2024; 
(d) the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, the Covered 
Bonds in definitive form, the Coupons and Talons); 
(e) 
the Deed of Covenant;  
(f) 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds to be listed on Euronext Dublin;  
(g) the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement; and 
(h) any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms and any other information incorporated herein or therein by 
reference.

--- Page 187 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
7. 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code, and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN), Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial 
Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Tranche will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing 
system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information. 
Issue Price and Yield 
8. 
Covered Bonds may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Covered Bonds to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price 
of the relevant Covered Bonds or the method of determining the price and the process for its 
disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series 
of Covered Bonds, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the 
interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
9. 
The yield of each Tranche of Covered Bonds set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated 
as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
10. 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates may have a lending relationship with the Issuer and its affiliates and may, in such cases, 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds and Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
11. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300EHNXQVOI120S55.

--- Page 188 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
Issuer website 
12. 
The Issuer's website is https://www.cooppank.ee/en. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website or any website directly or indirectly 
linked to this website has not been verified and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and Base Prospectus supplements  
13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 189 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Coop Pank AS 
Maakri 30,  
Tallinn 15014,  
Estonia 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 D02 RF29 
Ireland 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1  
Ireland

--- Page 190 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English law: 
as to Estonian law: 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London 
E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Advokaadibüroo COBALT OÜ 
Pärnu mnt 15, 
10141 Tallinn 
Estonia 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AS PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Tatari 1 
10116 Tallinn 
Estonia 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland