--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated March 12, 2021 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of June 14, 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") relating to issues of non-equity securities ("Non-Equity Securities") within the 
meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation under the Programme (as defined below) by Covestro AG. 
 
COVESTRO AG 
(incorporated in Germany as a stock corporation) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this base prospectus (together with any documents incorporated by reference herein, the "Base Prospectus"), Covestro AG (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue unsubordinated bearer 
notes in a minimum denomination of EUR 1,000 per Note (together the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under 
the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme") outstanding will not at any time exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
The principal amount of the Notes, the issue currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, the issue prices and maturities of the 
Notes and all other terms and conditions which are applicable to a particular Tranche of Notes (each term as defined below, see "General 
description of the Programme") will be set out in the document containing the final terms (each "Final Terms") within the meaning of 
Art. 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and gives no undertakings as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act relating 
to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) dated 16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus 
Law"). Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"), the Republic 
of Austria ("Austria") and The Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host member 
states within the European Economic Area with such notification. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). However, Notes may be listed on any other stock 
exchange or may be unlisted as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all documents 
incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.covestro.com). This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 
March 12, 2022. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, the Notes in any jurisdiction where such 
offer or solicitation is unlawful. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and 
subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and 
that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Investing in the 
Notes involves certain risks. Please review the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 9 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
UniCredit Bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Covestro AG ("Covestro AG", or the "Issuer", together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") with its registered 
office in Leverkusen, Germany accepts responsibility for the information contained in and incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of the Base Prospectus also with respect to the subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by any financial intermediary which was given consent to use the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and that this Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other documents 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). Full information on the Issuer and any 
Tranche of Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Base Prospectus any supplement thereto and the 
relevant Final Terms. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme").  
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms or any other 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained 
in any of these documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes will be issued in 
bearer form and are subject to certain U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. The term "U.S. person" has the 
meaning ascribed to it in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription 
and Sale - Selling Restrictions". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or 
solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any supplement(s) thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
The language of the Base Prospectus except for the form of terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") 
is English. The binding language of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes will be specified in the respective Final 
Terms. 
Some figures (including percentages) in the Base Prospectus have been rounded in accordance with commercial rounding. 
The information on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by

--- Page 4 ---
4 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Where such a Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors is included in the Final Terms, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
CANADA INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are 
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada 
may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) 
contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the 
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of 
a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection 
with this offering. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF 
SINGAPORE (THE "SFA") 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARK REGULATION / STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S REGISTRATION 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate notes issued under this Programme are calculated by reference to EURIBOR 
(Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended ("Benchmark Regulation"). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as stabilising 
manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of a stabilising manager) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilising manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms 
and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing 
information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Group's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be 
worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. The 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following 
sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the Group". These sections include more 
detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ESG RATINGS 
The Issuer’s exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risks and the related management arrangements 
established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by several agencies, including EcoVadis, ISS ESG, MSCI and 
Sustainalytics, among others, through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings ("ESG ratings"). Please refer to the 
section "Description of the Issuer and the Group - Sustainability" for further information.  
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG ratings may differ.  
The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future 
ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere 
in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings. For more information 
regarding the assessment methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency’s website 
(which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ........................................................................................................................................................... 28 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................... 30 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................................................................... 87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ....................................................................................................... 109 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................................ 138 
TAXATION WARNING ...................................................................................................................................................... 139 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................................. 140 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................ 144 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................................... 146 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ................................................................................................................................................ 148

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
General 
Under the Programme, Covestro AG, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan AG, Société 
Générale, UniCredit Bank AG and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the "Arranger"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will also act as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent") and paying agent (the "Paying Agent"). 
The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) (the "Programme Amount"). The Issuer may increase the 
Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Prospectus 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either: (1) pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms; or 
(2) pursuant to a Specific Prospectus (as defined below); or (3) in relation to Notes not publicly offered in, and not admitted 
to trading on a regulated market of, any member state of the European Economic Area, in such form as agreed between the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, if relevant for the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent. 
"Specific Prospectus" means any prospectus prepared by the Issuer in relation to Notes issued under the Programme and 
having terms not contemplated by the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II, which may incorporate by reference certain 
parts of the Base Prospectus and which constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 6 para. 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, including any documents which are from time to time incorporated by reference in the Specific Prospectus, as 
such Specific Prospectus is amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Issues of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will be issued as fixed rate (the "Fixed Rate Notes") or floating rate notes (the 
"Floating Rate Notes"). 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all 
other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save 
in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms. 
Notes of any Tranche may be issued at a price (the "Issue Price") equal to their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The Issue Price for the Notes of any Tranche issued on a syndicated basis will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received 
by the Dealers during the placement of such Notes. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or 
above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine the Issue Price. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any 
currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in 
euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any laws, regulations and directives 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant currency. 
The principal amount of the Notes, the currency, the interest payable in respect of the Notes, if any, the Issue Price and 
maturities of the Notes which are applicable to a particular Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note (each a "Temporary Global Note"). Interests 
in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interest in a permanent global note (each a 
"Permanent Global Note") on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the relevant 
issue date (the "Exchange Date"), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership.  
The Notes will be freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System. 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be offered to 
qualified and non-qualified investors. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authorities in Germany, Austria and The Netherlands with a 
certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host member states within the European 
Economic Area with such notification. The Notes may be offered to the public in Luxembourg and, following notification, in 
Germany, Austria and The Netherlands and in any such other additional host member state. 
The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United 
States, the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" and/or "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II and/or 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg", appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Commission. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market included on the list of regulated 
markets published by ESMA for the purposes of MiFID II. However, Notes may be listed on any other stock exchange, subject 
to the notification of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Art. 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, or may be unlisted as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme, investors should carefully review and consider the following 
risk factors and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus. Should one or more of the risks described below 
materialize, this may have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, shareholders' equity, assets, financial position 
and results of operations (Vermögens-, Finanz- und Ertragslage) or general affairs of Covestro AG or the Group. Moreover, 
if any of these risks occur, the market value of Notes issued under the Programme and the likelihood that the Issuer will be in 
a position to fulfil its payment obligations under Notes issued under the Programme may decrease, in which case the holders 
of Notes (the "Noteholders") issued under the Programme could lose all or part of their investments. Factors which the Issuer 
believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with Notes issued 
under the Programme for other unknown reasons than those described below. Additional risks of which the Issuer is not 
presently aware could also affect the business operations of Covestro AG or the Group and have a material adverse effect on 
their business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Prospective investors should read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The following risk factors are organized in categories depending on their respective nature. In each category the most material 
risk factors, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact, are mentioned 
first. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions shall have the same meanings in this section. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Market Risks 
The Group is affected by volatile economic conditions and the development of its customers' cyclical end markets. 
General economic conditions affect the polymer industry, including the polyurethanes, polycarbonates and coatings, adhesives 
and sealants industry segments in which the Group operates. Due to the Group's significant fixed cost base, a decrease in sales 
volume could have a material adverse impact on the Group's results of operations. If gross domestic product ("GDP") declines, 
the Group typically experiences a greater decline in sales. 
The Group's results of operations are substantially dependent on regional economic conditions in Europe, the Middle East, 
Africa and Latin America excluding Mexico ("EMLA"), Asia and the Pacific ("APAC"), and the United States, Canada and 
Mexico ("NAFTA") and in certain emerging economies that are generally more volatile than developed markets.  
Uncertain global economic factors and changes in GDP growth in key countries make it difficult for the Group to forecast 
demand trends for its products and its profitability. It can be difficult to accurately predict the development of factors affecting 
the industry segments. 
The Group is highly dependent on demand in the end markets in which the Group's customers operate, in particular the 
automotive/transport, construction, wood/furniture, electrical/electronics and chemicals end markets, which together account 
for a majority of the Group's total net sales. A smaller portion of the Group's total net sales are attributable to sales in the 
sports/leisure, cosmetics, health and other end markets. Since the Group's business is characterized by high fixed costs, any 
material decline in demand in one of the Group's core end markets that results in falling production volumes will decrease the 
Group's earnings. 
The Group's end markets are cyclical in nature; however, the level of cyclicality differs by end market and region. The level 
of activity in the Group's end markets is generally affected by economic developments (including GDP growth and disposable 
income) as well as a wide range of other factors beyond the control of the Group and its customers.  
Customers of chemical and polymer companies such as the Group typically adapt their procurement activities to the expected 
growth rates in their relevant end market. In an actual or expected economic downturn, customers try to reduce their working 
capital and their inventories, which can lead to a significant decline in the Group's sales volumes and net sales. In times of 
recovery, customers tend to increase their inventories, leading to increased demand for the Group's products.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Future market developments, including expected net sales and results of operations, are difficult to forecast because of the 
cyclical nature of the end markets and other factors beyond the Group's control. Furthermore, the Group's results of operations 
are highly correlated with volume, prices, raw material and energy costs as well as production capacity utilization within the 
polyurethanes and polycarbonates segments of the polymer industry and of its production facilities, all of which are difficult 
to project and could materially adversely affect the Group's ability to predict future financial results and plan capital 
expenditures accurately.  
A decline in demand in any of the Group's end markets, even during periods of strong general economic conditions, may 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The polymer industry is characterized by periods of supply/demand imbalances due to production overcapacity that will 
result in periodic downward pressure on prices and short-term price volatility.  
Historically, the markets for most of the Group's products have experienced alternating periods of tight supply, causing prices 
and profit margins to increase, followed by periods of significant capacity additions, resulting in oversupply and declining 
prices and profit margins. The cycles often occur on short notice and are in part caused by the capacity additions of new 
world-scale production facilities or the expansion of existing production facilities, which are necessary to create or sustain 
economies of scale, and the decline of industry-wide utilization rates that often follows capacity additions. 
Any oversupply may lead to a decline in capacity utilization rates of the entire industry and, in particular, the Group, which 
may negatively impact profit margins due to the high fixed cost base of production facilities. The materially adverse effects of 
supply and demand imbalances can be significantly exacerbated by economic conditions.  
The Group expects that competitors from developed as well as emerging economies will continue to add production capacity. 
In addition, the Group has planned to increase its production of certain products in the short term.  
Moreover, the construction of new production facilities, or the expansion of capacity at existing production facilities, often 
begins years in advance of that capacity entering operation. Accordingly, there is a risk that such new capacity eventually 
enters operation when economic conditions are weak which may further depress prices and profit margins. The materially 
adverse effects of supply and demand imbalances can be significantly exacerbated by economic conditions.  
In addition, other factors largely beyond the Group's control, such as the actual or perceived changes in levels of supply and 
demand, the availability and cost of substitute materials and inventory maintained by competitors, all influence product prices 
and may lead to short-term price volatility and a downward pressure on prices, which may ultimately decrease the Group's 
margins. Levels of supply in the industry segments that outpace demand for products, such as those produced by the Group, 
can materially adversely affect the Group's ability to generate profit and materially adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Fluctuations in the prices of raw materials or energy and any disruptions in the supply or logistic chain could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group's production processes are dependent on the availability and timely delivery of raw materials and such materials 
constitute a large proportion of the Group's total production costs. The Group's primary raw materials are petrochemical 
derivatives, such as benzene and phenol, propylene oxide, toluene, acetone, hexamethylenediamine ("HDA"). 
The extent of the impact of price fluctuations in raw materials on the Group's net sales and results of operations depends 
primarily on whether the Group is able to pass on increases in raw material prices to its customers through higher selling prices 
without significant delays or to maintain its selling prices despite decreases in raw material prices. The Group's ability to do 
so primarily depends on the conditions of supply and demand in the industry and resulting industry capacity utilization as well 
as competition. Oversupply and low utilization of the production capacity in the industry have affected and will continue to 
affect the Group's ability to pass on increases in raw material prices to its customers, which negatively affects the Group's 
margins. 
As the Group's primary raw materials are petrochemical derivatives, their prices are typically determined based on the price 
of crude oil, which generally creates the floor for prices of petrochemical derivatives, and the supply and demand dynamics 
for the relevant raw material. Political instabilities, wars or other conflicts with oil producing or refining countries could 
negatively affect the supply of oil and result in a significant increase in prices for oil and petrochemical derivatives. 
In addition to raw materials, the Group requires large quantities of energy from various sources for use in its production 
operations, the most important of which are electricity, natural gas and steam. The Group's energy costs are affected by various 
factors, including the availability of supplies of particular sources of energy, energy prices and regulatory decisions. The 
competitiveness of the Group's production facilities in EMLA, APAC and NAFTA depend on whether the Group has access 
to energy at competitive rates. Any significant increase in energy prices, transportation costs, grid fees or taxes associated with

--- Page 11 ---
11 
the supply of energy would increase the Group's operating costs and, thus, may negatively affect its results of operations if it 
is unable to pass the increased costs on to customers. Any interruption or shortage of energy supply may materially adversely 
affect the Group's business. 
The continuous nature of the Group's production processes, the desire to keep inventories at a minimum and the difficulty of 
storing hazardous, gaseous, bulky and/or packed materials increase the importance of a well-functioning supply and logistics 
chain. Any significant disruptions in the Group's logistics chain that transports its raw materials and certain of its by-products 
within the integrated production platforms is likely to result in production interruptions, a loss of customers, damage claims 
and significant downstream consequences. If certain of the Group's suppliers or logistics partners are unable or unwilling to 
meet their contractual obligations under existing agreements, the Group may be forced to pay higher prices to obtain the 
necessary raw materials from other sources and it may not be able to increase prices for its products to offset the higher raw 
materials costs. 
If certain raw materials become unavailable within a geographic region from which they are currently sourced, then the Group 
may not be able to obtain suitable or cost-effective substitutes. The inability to obtain suitable or cost-effective raw materials 
may require the Group to close certain production operations, entire production facilities or product lines, which in turn may 
result in a shortfall in the Group's production of certain chemical intermediates and by-products that it consumes internally. In 
consequence, the Group may be required to purchase such substances from third parties at a significantly higher cost or close 
certain other production operations. Certain customers of the Group may be materially dependent on the Group's products and 
may seek an alternative supplier or hold the Group liable for its inability to supply its products at agreed quantities and times. 
Each of the factors and risks described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
Risks related to the coronavirus pandemic. 
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the outbreak of 
SARS-CoV-2 first identified in December 2019 and its associated disease ("Covid-19"), together hereinafter referred to as 
"coronavirus pandemic", together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on 
travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews or other physical distancing measures, may 
have a material adverse effect on the global economy and international financial markets in general and on the markets in 
which the Group operates in particular. The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration 
and spread of the respective outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, 
the availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial (e.g., governmental stimulus packages 
and/or measures introduced by central banks) required to implement effective responses to the respective situation at the 
international, national and regional level as well as the level of civil compliance with such measures. There is no guarantee 
that such measures, or a combination thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the implications resulting 
therefrom, which may result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for the Group and, ultimately, may 
have material adverse effects on the operating results of the Group and its business and financial situation. 
A number of factors that are important for the Group to successfully conduct its business could be materially affected by the 
coronavirus pandemic. The physical distancing measures, "lock-downs" and other restrictions implemented by countries 
around the world to slow the spread could result in a severe global recession and financial crisis. As the overall economic 
activity has been and is expected to be drastically reduced for several months, many businesses could be forced to close. As 
some businesses no longer have the income to pay their outstanding debts, the number of defaults could significantly increase. 
Such overall developments could have a number of effects on the Group's business, including the following: 
• 
lower core volumes and sales driven by significantly decreased market demands for the Group's products especially 
in automotive; 
• 
lower margin levels in the Group's products driven by low utilization rates in its main markets due to significantly 
decreased demand and negative pricing delta due to intense competitive pressure; 
• 
supply chain restrictions leading to increased cost and lower sales volumes and revenues; 
• 
reduced core volume growth impacting upon EBITDA. 
The risks outlined above have been seen already in parts especially in the second quarter of 2020. Starting in May, the situation 
improved month by month with demand picking up quickly, leading to core volumes above prior year in the third and fourth 
quarter. However, the economic downturn following returning "lock-downs" and other physical distancing measures in the 
third and fourth quarter of 2020 have shown that recovery remains fragile and the risk needs to be constantly monitored. Each 
of the risks related to Covid-19 described above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Business Risks 
Production at the Group's facilities may be subject to planned and unplanned production interruptions, which could have 
a material impact on its ability to produce products for sale or maintain business operations and therefore, may materially 
adversely affect its business. 
The Group operates multiple and complex technical processes, which may be subject to breakdowns, inefficiencies, operational 
human errors, sabotage and technical failures that may interrupt production operations or delay a resumption of production 
following a plant modification or a turnaround. Any material disruption at any of the Group's production facilities, in particular 
the Group's facilities with large production capacity, could impair its ability to use its facilities, have a material impact on its 
ability to produce products for sale or maintain business operations.  
Production disruptions may be caused by several factors including natural disasters, weather, severe pandemic/epidemic, 
supply disruptions - particularly from sole-source suppliers or the unanticipated unavailability of one of the Group's reusable 
by-products - strikes, transportation interruption, government regulation, political unrest or terrorism, or internal reasons, such 
as fires, equipment failure, unplanned maintenance, operational human errors or other production problems.  
Disruptions at one or more of the Group's production facilities, at any of the Group's suppliers' fence-to-fence production 
facilities or at the Group's owned and operated infrastructure, may also interrupt production further up or down the production 
chain and lead to a decrease in volumes and sales, potential loss of customers and damage claims by customers. Adequate 
spare parts and maintenance services may not be available in a timely manner to secure the continuation of the operations. If 
disruptions occur, alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available (or may be located in 
another region), may be characterized by substantially higher costs or may take significant time to start production. Moreover, 
long-term production disruptions may cause the Group's customers to seek alternative sources of supply, which could 
exacerbate any adverse effects experienced by the Group. Material disruptions at any of the Group's production facilities could 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
While the Group has defined operation recovery plans that are intended to allow it to recover from natural disasters or other 
events that could disrupt its operations, it cannot provide assurances that its plans would fully protect it from all such disasters 
or events. In addition, insurance may not adequately compensate the Group from any losses incurred as a result of natural or 
other disasters. In areas prone to frequent natural or other disasters, insurance may become increasingly expensive or not 
available at all. Any failure to ensure continuous production, due to failures in planning or due to unforeseen events, could 
result in a loss of business and customers and materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group is likely to incur costs in connection with the construction, modernization, maintenance, repair or expansion of 
production facilities, which may prove more costly than budgeted, require a longer shut down period and ultimately may 
lead to production capacity constraints.  
Production facilities and infrastructure require a significant amount of investment to maintain, repair, modernize and expand. 
The Group has dedicated and will continue to dedicate appropriate expenditures to the maintenance of its production facilities. 
Scheduled maintenance and intermittent repairs may disrupt production processes and interfere with the ordinary operation of 
production facilities and infrastructure. Investments relating to scheduled maintenance and intermittent repairs may prove 
more costly than budgeted or require longer shut down periods than planned which may ultimately lead to production capacity 
constraints. At times external contractors the Group need to perform maintenance or repairs at the Group's facilities or 
infrastructure may not be available or may only be available with reduced resources. In addition, costs anticipated in connection 
with the maintenance of the Group's facilities or infrastructure may significantly increase at production facilities that operate 
at high capacity utilization levels for extended periods of time. 
The mechanisms the Group uses to manage the risk of delays and cost overruns may prove insufficient. Any unanticipated 
costs in connection with the construction, modernization, maintenance, repair or expansion of production facilities may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to keep, obtain, renew or maintain all necessary licenses, certificates, 
approvals and permits for its operations. 
The Group, including its production facilities, infrastructure, products and waste disposal, is subject to various licenses, 
certificates, approvals and permits in different foreign jurisdictions. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to 
keep, obtain, renew or maintain its licenses, certificates, approvals and permits upon their expiration. In addition, licenses, 
certificates, approvals and permits currently held by the Group may be challenged in court by third parties. The introduction 
of any new and/or more stringent laws, regulation, licenses, certificates, approvals and permits requirements relevant to the 
Group's business operations may incur significant additional investment and maintenance costs to fulfil new regulatory

--- Page 13 ---
13 
requirements or may preclude it from continuing with its existing operation at some or all of its production facilities or may 
limit or prohibit it from expanding its business. In addition, relevant regulatory authorities may not grant licenses, certificates, 
approvals and permits as quickly as anticipated, which may result in project delays or the Group's production facilities laying 
idle for significant periods of time.  
The Group's inability to keep, obtain, renew or maintain all necessary licenses, certificates, approvals and permits needed for 
its operations could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
With limited exceptions, the Group generally does not have long-term agreements with its customers, and the loss of a 
significant number of customers could materially adversely affect its sales and profitability. 
The Group generally does not have long-term agreements with its customers and customers may choose to obtain products 
similar to those produced by the Group from the Group's competitors at short notice. Customers have consolidated their 
operations in certain geographic areas and any other consolidation of a customer's operations from one region to another may 
result in the loss of that customer. In addition, significant levels of customer consolidation may enable customers to exert 
substantial pricing pressure on the Group. The negative effects set out above may be amplified in those regions where the 
Group is required to pay for raw materials due to long-term supply agreements with defined volumes or, in exceptional cases, 
with take-or-pay obligations despite the change in customer demand. If, as a result, demand for the Group's products declines, 
it may be required to decrease its production volumes while not able to reduce the raw material purchase to the optimal level, 
which could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's production processes and operations are subject to the inherent hazards and other risks associated with 
chemical processing, production, storage, and transportation.  
The Group's production processes and operations are subject to the hazards and risks associated with chemical processing, 
production and the related storage and transportation by the Group or its subcontractors. The Group's production processes 
rely on hazardous substances such as chlorine, phosgene, carbon monoxide, phenol, ethylene oxide, propylene oxide, 
isocyanates and the corresponding amines, which can present major risks to the health and safety of workers, neighbouring 
populations and the environment. Other potential hazards associated with chemical production and operations include 
accidents, explosions, fires, inclement weather, transport risks, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, mechanical failure, 
transportation interruptions, remediation, pipeline leaks and ruptures, storage tank leaks, chemical spills, discharges or releases 
of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other risks. These hazards could expose workers, suppliers, the community and 
others to toxic chemicals and other hazards, contaminate property and the environment, damage property, result in personal 
injury or death, lead to an interruption, relocation or suspension of operations and materially adversely affect the productivity 
and profitability of a particular production facility or the Group's business operations as a whole, and result in governmental 
enforcement, regulatory shutdowns, the imposition of government fines and penalties and claims brought by governmental 
entities or third parties. The occurrence of any such event, which is not entirely preventable despite the application of a high 
standard of care, could be seriously detrimental to the Group's reputation and harm the Group's ability to obtain or maintain 
its existing licenses or its key commercial, regulatory, and governmental relationships. In addition, the Group uses contractors, 
over whom the Group has little control, who may perform duties on behalf of the Group in a manner that may cause harm to 
the health and safety of other workers, neighbouring populations and the environment. The costs associated with any of these 
events may be substantial and could exceed or otherwise not be covered by the Group's insurance coverage.  
Each of these scenarios could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
Any failure to successfully develop new, improved, or more cost-effective materials, production processes and technologies, 
or delays in development, may lead to the Group's products becoming superseded and could reduce the Group's future sales 
and profitability. 
The Group depends on its continued ability to develop new, improved, or more cost-effective materials for end market 
applications, methods of production, technologies, and to successfully commercialize and distribute products. 
The trend towards commoditization and standardization in major parts of the Group's industry segments has increased the 
importance of research and development in supporting profitability, particularly in terms of cost-efficient production 
technologies. Furthermore, the Group must offer ever more specialized or better performance products that are intended to 
offer higher value to customers while managing production costs in order to achieve satisfactory margins.  
The Group may be unable to develop new methods or technologies to gain additional efficiencies in its production processes 
in the future, and its products may not perform as well as anticipated, which may decrease the profitability of some or all of 
the Group's products. If the Group's competitors develop better and more cost-efficient production technologies, the value of 
the Group's proprietary production technologies and its competitiveness in the market could be significantly reduced. The

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Group's ability to compete effectively also depends to a significant extent on its continuous ability to manage its cost base and 
its competitors may be more successful than it is in achieving or maintaining a competitive cost base by lowering their 
production costs. 
The Group may also not be successful in expanding or improving its product portfolio or may lack the expertise or financial 
resources to develop new products. In addition, competitors may develop new materials with more favourable properties or 
which comply more effectively with government regulations for content or production, or may improve existing products in a 
similar manner. Competitors may also develop materials with similar characteristics that can be produced at lower costs relative 
to the Group. Further, the risk of technological substitution of the use of products, which the Group currently provides, by 
other products provided by competitors could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business. If the Group is unable to 
provide end market relevant products or to otherwise maintain its competitive position, it may lose customers to its competitors. 
The Group expects that its competitors will continue to develop and introduce new and enhanced products, which could cause 
a decline in customer acceptance of the Group's products. An inability to compete effectively could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, result of operations and prospects. 
The Group may commit errors or misjudgements in its planning and misallocate resources, for instance, by developing 
materials, methods or technologies that require large investments in research and development and capital expenditure but that 
are not commercially viable. Any failure to successfully develop new, improved, or more cost-effective materials, production 
processes and technologies, or delays in development may lead to the Group's products or technologies becoming outdated, 
which could cause impairments and could reduce the Group's future sales. Any material failures in the Group's research and 
development processes could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group's growth strategy contemplates business integrations and/or future acquisitions and divestments that the Group 
may not execute successfully. 
The Group continuously evaluates opportunities for growth and change. These initiatives may involve making acquisitions, 
entering into partnerships, divesting assets and creating new financial structures—any of which could require a significant 
investment and subject it to new kinds of risks. The Group's failure to timely and effectively integrate and develop past and 
future acquisitions may materially adversely affect its results. If expected synergies are not fully realized, commitments are 
imposed or restructurings or integrations are more costly than initially anticipated, this may result in lower than expected 
results of operations and impaired goodwill. Anticipated synergies may not materialize and liabilities that are unknown at the 
time of the acquisition may also materialize and as a result the purchase price may later prove to have been too high. 
Acquisitions, in particular, may expose the Group to liabilities that are unknown at the time of the acquisition and which the 
Group may be unable to settle effectively such as legacy tax claims, claims from former employees and claims for breach of 
contract. In addition, the acquired company may not perform according to the Group's expectations or may fail. The Group 
may incur indebtedness to finance future initiatives. It could also issue additional shares of the Group or its subsidiaries to 
finance such initiatives. If the Group's strategies for growth and change are not successful, it could face increased financial 
pressure, such as increased cash flow demands, reduced liquidity and diminished access to financial markets and the equity 
value of its businesses could be diluted. 
Although the Group's current and expected liquidity needs are covered in the medium term, the Group may require additional 
financial resources to fund any strategy for growth in the medium to long-term, which may be difficult to obtain, or may result 
in higher costs and additional covenants. 
The implementation of strategies for growth and change may create additional risks for the Group, including problems with 
effective integration of operations or separation of divested assets, diversion of management time and attention away from 
existing operations, requiring capital investment that could otherwise be used for the operation and growth of its existing 
businesses, disruptions to important business relationships, increased operating costs, usage of limited investment and other 
baskets under its debt covenants, difficulties due to lack of or limited prior experience in any new markets it may enter and 
difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings, which could materially adversely affect the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The benefits that Covestro AG may realise from the acquisition of Resins & Functional Materials business could be 
materially different from the Group's expectations. 
On September 30, 2020, the Issuer announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Resins & Functional 
Materials ("RFM") business from Koninklijke DSM N.V. for a preliminary purchase price of EUR 1.6 billion (the "RFM 
Acquisition"). With the announced acquisition of RFM, the Issuer will add a complete range of water-based polyacrylate 
resins and will expand its technology portfolio to include water-based hybrid technologies, powder coating resins as well as 
radiation curing resins. RFM includes brands in terms of sustainability such as Niaga, as well as Additive Manufacturing, and

--- Page 15 ---
15 
an Advanced Solar Coatings business. RFM reported annual revenues of approximately EUR 1 billion and an EBITDA of 
EUR 141 million in its fiscal year 2019. The RFM Acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021. 
In the assessment of the Issuer, the integration of RFM is a substantial strategic growth opportunity to expand revenues of the 
Coatings, Adhesives and Specialties business unit of the Group and is expected to position the Group as one of the leading 
suppliers in the field of optical fiber coatings and in the area of 3D-printing materials. Furthermore, the Issuer is expanding its 
global production network by more than 20 sites. The Issuer expects permanent synergy effects to build-up to about 
EUR 120 million EBITDA per annum by fiscal 2025. These consist of approximately two-thirds of cost synergies and one-
third of revenue synergies and are expected to be generated amongst others through the alignment of purchasing, sales and 
administrative structures in the integrated business as well as cross-selling and the joint development of new high-performance 
products.  
Although the Issuer was able to inspect and review internal documents of Koninklijke DSM N.V. related to RFM and speak 
to key employees of the company in preparation of the acquisition process (customary due diligence for a transaction of this 
type and size), there can be no guarantee that the Issuer had access to all relevant information at the time of the investment 
decision. The valuation of RFM and the determination of the purchase price were based on certain assumptions and the 
information available to the Issuer at the time and it cannot be ruled out that these assessments prove to be erroneous or 
incorrect. 
As a result, the RFM Acquisition involves a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 
• 
significant impairment charges; 
• 
unexpected losses of key employees of RFM; 
• 
extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, contractual or other costs; 
• 
challenges in managing the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of operations; 
• 
mitigating contingent and/or assumed liabilities; 
• 
possible loss of customers and/or other business partners. 
The Issuer may not be able to realise the anticipated synergies, future earnings, transfer of know-how or other benefits that it 
intends to achieve from the RFM Acquisition. The Issuer cannot guarantee that the acquisition will yield benefits that are 
sufficient to justify the expenses the Group will incur. In addition, the Issuer may not be successful in consummating the RFM 
Acquisition (for example, due to the ongoing antitrust clearance proceedings). In this case, the expenses incurred would not 
realise the anticipated benefits for the Group. 
The realization of one or more of the above factors could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may fail to realize anticipated benefits from joint ventures and may be unable to exit a joint venture in a timely 
manner or without penalty. 
The Group has entered into, and may continue to enter into, joint ventures for a variety of reasons including to gain access to 
end markets, relevant know-how or to raw materials on preferential terms.  
In some cases, the relevant partners provide or may provide a major portion of the capital investment for a project and/or 
provide raw or other materials, real estate, or other services. In the corresponding agreements, the Group may agree with the 
joint venture partners or the joint ventures to provide raw or other materials or to perform certain services for the project. If 
the Group fails to fulfil, or if a partner alleges that the Group failed to fulfil, its obligations under these contracts, either in 
whole or in part, the consequences may be claims for damages, contractual penalties, or termination of the joint venture by the 
partner or by the joint venture. 
The success of a joint venture requires that the respective partners constructively pursue the same goals and may therefore be 
jeopardized or impaired due to a deadlock with or a breach of contract by, a partner, the joint venture, or through other 
unforeseen events. The Group may lack sufficient control over, and information regarding, its joint venture partners and must, 
to a certain extent, rely on their integrity. This is especially true for joint ventures in regions where the Group is a new entrant. 
Illegal or unethical activities by the joint venture partner may have negative consequences for the Group's reputation and may 
result in legal disputes, fines or other adverse consequences. In addition, technology and know-how may also be revealed or 
required to be revealed to joint venture partners and, particularly in countries with comparatively less stringent intellectual 
property protection, these partners may use this technology and know-how for their own purposes outside the scope of the 
venture. Non-competition and exclusivity undertakings in joint venture agreements may prevent the Group from rendering 
services or producing, marketing and distributing the relevant products for its own account in certain areas. Moreover, the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Group may not be able to exit a joint venture in a timely manner, on acceptable terms, or at all, and such an action may be 
subject to the written approval of the joint venture partner, the Group's acquiring full ownership of the joint venture or rights 
of first offer. 
To the extent such joint venture has been consolidated in the past, the Group may not be able to deconsolidate the joint venture. 
In the event of the loss of a joint venture partner, the Group may be required to make a compensation payment to such partner, 
and considerable resources may need to be invested in a new partnership. Alternatively, the Group may decide to exit a 
particular venture, in which case it may not be able to recover the investments it has made. In addition, conflicts with its 
partners or the failure of one of its joint ventures or joint undertakings could lead to the loss of the respective investment or 
financial penalties and prevent the Group from implementing its strategy. In many cases, joint venture agreements are subject 
to foreign laws, the effects of which is in some instances difficult to predict. Potential disputes with joint venture partners may 
fall under the jurisdiction of foreign courts or arbitral tribunals, which might lead to unforeseen obstacles or results.  
The realization of one or more of the above factors could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
Legal Risks 
Regulatory requirements to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could have an adverse effect on the Group's results of 
operations. 
Globally, the Group's operations are increasingly subject to regulations that seek to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases 
("GHGs"), such as carbon dioxide and methane, laughing gas (N2O), which may be contributing to changes in the earth's 
climate. 
Regulatory actions may increase the Group's operating costs. Some European production facilities are required to participate 
in the European trading scheme for GHGs. Currently, the Group is facing increasing cost for certificates. The Group anticipates 
that price increases of carbon dioxide certificates within the EU's trading system for GHGs will lead to an increase in operating 
costs (especially for steam and power consumption), which could materially adversely affect the Group. In addition, there is 
an expectation of national (German) measures for climate protection focussed on the transformation of the energy supply 
system. This may lead to increasing operating costs. Finally, China has gained experience from seven regional cap-and-trade 
programs and is developing a national system based on its experiences. To the extent that these cap-and-trade programmes 
impose compliance obligations upon the Group's operations, they may increase the Group's operating costs. 
Additional future regulation of GHGs could occur pursuant to future international treaty obligations, regulatory changes under 
national or local law in multiple jurisdictions or regional adoption of GHG regulatory schemes, or any combination of the 
foregoing or otherwise. Potential consequences of such regulations include capital costs to modify operations as necessary to 
meet GHG emission limits and additional energy costs, as well as direct compliance costs. Currently, however, it is not possible 
to estimate the likely financial impact of potential future regulation on any of the Group's production facilities, its products or 
its business.  
Regulatory requirements to reduce emissions of GHGs could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects.  
The Group may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties and could be required to pay 
substantial damages and/or be enjoined from using or selling the infringing products or technology. 
The Group continually seeks to improve its business processes and develop new production technologies and new products 
and applications. Many of its competitors have a substantial amount of intellectual property that the Group must continually 
strive to avoid infringing. Although it is the Group's policy and intention not to infringe valid patents of which it is aware, the 
Group cannot provide assurances that its processes and products and other activities do not and will not infringe issued patents 
(whether present or future) or other intellectual property rights belonging to others relating to existing and especially to new 
business activities such as Circular Economy, BMI or IoT. The Group could be liable for infringement of intellectual property 
rights of third parties or could experience supply and production restrictions and disruptions as a result of actual or alleged 
infringements of intellectual property rights. The Group may also be subject to indemnity claims by its customers and business 
partners arising out of claims of their alleged infringement of the patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights of 
third parties in connection with their use of the Group's products. 
The Group may have to obtain third-party licenses to gain access to technology, which could entail considerable costs. The 
Group may be unable to acquire licenses that it will need for its future business with the appropriate scope, under acceptable 
conditions or at all. In addition, licenses the Group currently holds or has the prospect to hold in the context of its LOT (License 
on Transfer) Network membership may not prove successful or continue to be effective, and the Group may be prevented from 
making or marketing products.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Intellectual property litigation often is expensive and time-consuming, regardless of the merits of any claim, and the Group's 
involvement in such litigation could divert its management's attention from operating its business. Moreover, if the Group is 
sued for infringement and loses, the Group could be required to pay substantial damages and/or be enjoined from using or 
selling the infringing products or technology. Furthermore, a lost infringement suit may damage the Group's reputation and 
image.  
Failure to avoid infringement of the intellectual property held by third parties or disputes related to intellectual property could 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's failure to protect its intellectual property and other proprietary information or to validly acquire the same 
from its present or former employees and cooperation partners in the past and potentially in the future may materially 
adversely affect its business. 
The Group's success depends to a significant degree upon its ability to protect, preserve and enforce its intellectual property 
and other proprietary information. However, the Group may be unable to prevent third parties from using its intellectual 
property and other proprietary information without its authorization or independently developing intellectual property that is 
similar to or competes with the Group's, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect proprietary rights to the 
same degree as in Germany, the European Union or the United States. Any inability by the Group to effectively prevent the 
unauthorized use of its intellectual property and other proprietary information by others could reduce or eliminate any 
competitive advantage it has developed, cause it to lose sales or otherwise harm its business. If it becomes necessary for the 
Group to initiate litigation to protect its proprietary rights, any proceedings could be burdensome and costly, and the Group 
may not prevail. 
It is possible that the Group's present or former employees' and cooperation partners' intellectual property rights may not have 
been validly claimed by the Group. Present or former employees and cooperation partners could continue to hold rights to 
their intellectual property may demand the registration of intellectual property rights solely in their name and may also claim 
damages. In such cases, the Group may not be able to use the relevant intellectual property because the inventor may obtain 
an injunction prohibiting use. Furthermore, it is also possible that current or former employees and cooperation partners may 
have claims to inventor remuneration that must be fulfilled or that have not been completely fulfilled. In addition, it is possible 
that cooperation partners may have claims with respect to inventions made within the scope of cooperation. 
The realization of any of these risks or the failure of the Group to protect its processes, product know-how, apparatuses, 
technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how or the failure of adequate legal remedies for related actions could materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's international presence, complex group structure, competitive environment and large customer accounts create 
risks of illegal business practices and it must rely on a compliance system to prevent irregularities in its business activities.  
The Group's significant global footprint across APAC, EMLA and NAFTA, its competitive environment and number of 
customer accounts create risks of illegal business practices, which could lead to sanctions from national or supranational 
authorities such as the European Commission, reputational damage or other risks. Furthermore, the Group's operations are 
located across many countries, and its size and complex group structure may lead to inefficiencies, inconsistent application of 
Group wide compliance and management standards and inadequate or delayed internal reporting to Covestro AG as publicly 
listed company. Although the Group maintains a compliance program—including a compliance management system—
throughout the Group to mitigate legal compliance risks such as corruption, breaches of foreign trade law or violations of 
antitrust laws, violations of the relevant laws and regulations may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material 
monetary fines, penalties and other costs against the Group or its employees, and may have a material adverse effect on its 
business. 
A compliance program is expensive to operate and maintain, and may prevent the Group from acting as rapidly as it otherwise 
could in pursuit of potentially profitable business opportunities or entering into some ventures. In addition, the complexities 
of such a program may require certain processes that are not completed in accordance with an imposed time frame and, 
therefore, lead the Group to forgo certain beneficial opportunities. 
These risks, if they materialize, could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
Legal and regulatory changes in the jurisdictions in which it operates and trades may have an adverse effect on the Group. 
Due to the international nature of its business, the Group must comply with, and is affected by, a large number of different 
legal and regulatory frameworks, including tax laws. There is a risk that changes in these frameworks may materially adversely 
affect the Group's legal and regulatory environment. The risks faced by the Group include, but are not limited to:

--- Page 18 ---
18 
• 
foreign currency control regulations and other regulations related to exchange rates and foreign currencies (such as 
the abandonment of exchange rate pegs); 
• 
changes in laws and regulations, in particular related to environment, health and safety; 
• 
measures to counter foreign trade imbalances such as foreign direct investment controls and export controls; 
• 
restrictions on the ability to repatriate funds from subsidiaries; 
• 
restrictions on the ability to own or operate subsidiaries or acquire new businesses in certain countries, including 
rules on local ownership of businesses; 
• 
differences in legal and administrative systems, which could lead to insufficient protection of intellectual property, 
impair the Group's ability to enforce contracts or jeopardize its ability to collect accounts receivables and other 
claims outstanding; 
• 
nationalizations; and 
• 
imposition of withholding or other taxes and transfer pricing regulations. 
The materialization of any of these risks could severely impact the Group's sourcing, sales, production operations and logistics, 
could lead to a loss of customers and access to customers, know-how and tangible and intangible property, and could have 
material adverse effects on its business, net assets, financial condition, and results of operations. 
The costs of complying with changing environmental, health and safety regulatory requirements could negatively impact 
the Group's financial results. 
The Group uses large quantities of hazardous substances, generates hazardous wastes and emits wastewater and air pollutants 
in its production operations. Consequently, its operations are subject to extensive environmental, health and safety ("EHS") 
laws, regulations, rules and ordinances at the supranational, national and local level in multiple jurisdictions across APAC, 
EMLA and NAFTA. EHS regulations apply to most of the Group's activities and the Group must dedicate substantial resources 
to complying with them. The Group's cost of compliance with EHS regulations is part of its operating cost and, ultimately, 
must be covered by the prices at which the Group is able to sell its products. 
In addition, the Group's suppliers are subject to EHS regulations that may impact their ability to supply the Group with the 
raw materials it needs. The inability to obtain certain raw materials may require the Group to close certain production 
operations, entire production facilities or product lines. The Group's products are also used in a variety of end markets such as 
automotive/transport, construction, electrical/electronics and furniture that have specific regulatory requirements such as those 
relating to human safety or recycling that may impact the demand for the Group's products in those end markets. 
Many EHS regulations have become more stringent over time and the trend is likely to continue, especially as societal concerns 
regarding the safe use of chemicals and their products in commerce, as well as their potential impact on health and the 
environment are likely to manifest themselves in more stringent regulatory intervention. Several countries in which the Group 
operates have instituted EHS regulations attempting to increase the protection and security of chemical plants, which could 
result in higher operating costs. In addition, many EHS regulations require the Group to hold operating permits for its 
production facilities, which are subject to periodic renewal and, in circumstances of noncompliance, may be subject to 
operating restrictions, revocation or fines. The necessary permits may not be issued or continue in effect, and any issued 
permits may contain more stringent limitations that restrict the Group's operations or that require further expenditures to meet 
additional requirements imposed by permits. 
Compliance with more stringent EHS regulations will likely increase the Group's operating costs including costs related to the 
transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, as well as the costs of storage and disposal of waste. The 
Group's capital expenditures and costs relating to the implementation of EHS regulations will fluctuate due to factors that are 
out of the Group's control, such as the timing of the promulgation and enforcement of specific standards which impose 
requirements on the Group's operations. Capital expenditures and costs beyond those currently anticipated may therefore be 
required under existing or future EHS regulations. Accordingly, EHS regulations may cause the Group to incur significant 
unanticipated losses, costs or liabilities, which could reduce its profitability. In addition, laws and regulations may be newly 
imposed or amended on short notice, becoming more stringent in a short period of time. The Group may incur substantial 
costs, including penalties, fines, damages, criminal or civil sanctions and remediation costs, experience interruptions in its 
operations, or be required to cease operations in certain locations for failure to comply with these laws or permit requirements. 
Changes in EHS regulations in jurisdictions where the Group produces and sells its products could also lead to a decrease in 
demand for its products. Concerns about product safety and environmental protection could influence public perception of the 
Group's products and operations, the viability of some or all of its products, its reputation, and the ability to attract and retain 
employees. Further to regulatory changes, health and safety concerns could increase the costs incurred by the Group's

--- Page 19 ---
19 
customers to use its products and otherwise limit the use of the Group's products, which could lead to decreased demand for 
these products. Such a decrease in demand would have a materially adverse effect on the Group's business and results of 
operation. 
Given the diversification and global operations of the Group's business, there is an elevated risk that the Group may not comply 
with all applicable laws, regulations or permits in all the jurisdictions in which it operates. The significant number of EHS 
regulations differs across jurisdictions and results in a complex regulatory environment with which the Group must continually 
comply. 
Moreover, even if the Group is in compliance with regulatory and permit requirements, the actions or regulatory 
non-compliance of other companies may lead to industry-wide investigations by regulatory authorities that could interrupt 
some or all of the Group's production operations for significant periods. The costs of complying with changing EHS regulations 
and the liabilities including penalties, fines, damages, criminal or civil sanctions and remediation costs the Group may incur 
for failing to adequately comply with applicable EHS regulations could materially adversely affect the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be subject to losses due to liabilities or lawsuits related to contaminated land that it owns or operates or 
arising out of environmental damage or personal injuries associated with exposure to chemicals, the release of chemicals 
or other hazardous substances. 
Many of the Group's sites have an extensive history of industrial operations, storage and related activities and some of the 
Group's buildings have in the past contained and may still contain asbestos or other harmful substances. In addition, the Group 
owns a large number of industrial sites containing, in some cases, pre-existing contamination requiring securing or remediation 
and the associated costs often cannot be estimated. The Group has been and is likely in the future to be liable for the costs of 
investigating and cleaning up or stabilising environmental contamination on or from its properties or at off-site locations where 
it transported, disposed of or arranged for the disposal or treatment of hazardous materials and waste or from disposal activities 
that predated its purchase of its businesses. The Group may therefore incur additional costs and expenditures beyond those 
currently anticipated to address all such known and unknown situations under existing and future EHS regulations. In some 
countries in which the Group operates, the Group may also be exposed to claims for damages, penalties, operating restrictions 
or the revocation of permits to operate its sites. 
In addition, the Group faces the risk that individuals could seek damages for personal injury due to exposure to chemicals or 
other hazardous substances at its production facilities or other business sites, chemicals or other hazardous substances that 
have been released from its production facilities or other business sites, chemicals or other hazardous substances otherwise 
owned or controlled by the Group, or chemicals or other hazardous substances that allegedly migrated from products 
containing the Group's products. Risks are inherent in the industry segments, particularly risks associated with safety, health 
and the environment. The Group is subject to numerous laws in the national and local jurisdictions in which it operates relating 
to the management of workplace risks associated with highly hazardous chemicals. Failure to comply with such laws could 
subject the Group to both civil and criminal penalties, which could affect its product sales, reputation and profitability. The 
Group may be subject to claims with respect to workplace exposure, workers' compensation and other health and safety 
matters. 
The environmental liabilities at any particular production facility could increase as a result of, among other things, changes in 
laws and regulations, modifications to the site's investigation and remediation plans, unanticipated construction problems, 
identification of additional areas or quantities of contamination, increases in labour, equipment and technology costs, 
significant changes in the financial condition of the Group or other responsible parties and the outcome of any related legal 
and administrative proceedings to which the Group may become a party. Any increase in liability may be found to be outside 
the scope of the indemnity provided by the Bayer Group to the Group in the separation related agreements, resulting in 
increased costs payable by the Group. It is not possible for the Group to reasonably estimate the amount and timing of all 
future expenditures related to environmental or other contingent matters. Accruals for environmental matters are recorded by 
the Group when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated 
based on current law and existing technologies. 
Liabilities or lawsuits related to contaminated land that the Group owns or operates or arising out of environmental damage or 
personal injuries associated with exposure to chemicals and the release of chemicals or other hazardous substances may 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to litigation and other legal and regulatory actions and risks in the course of its business. 
With its international operations, the Group is exposed to numerous legal and regulatory risks. These may include, inter alia, 
risks relating to product liability, competition and antitrust laws, export control, data protection, intellectual property laws, tax 
legislation and environmental protection in the countries where the Group operates. The Group is involved in legal, regulatory,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
governmental and arbitration proceedings and may become involved in additional proceedings in the future. These proceedings 
involve claims by and against the Group which arise in the ordinary course of its business, including in connection with its 
business activities or its role as employer, investor and taxpayer. The outcome of current pending or future proceedings and 
investigations cannot be predicted with certainty. Legal or regulatory judgements or agreed settlements may give rise to 
significant losses, costs and expenses which are not covered, or not fully covered, by insurance benefits or provisions. Such 
losses, costs and expenses may have a material adverse impact on the business and financial position of the Group.  
Investigations of possible legal or regulatory violations, such as potential infringements of antitrust law, may result in civil or 
criminal penalties – including substantial monetary fines – or other adverse financial consequences, and may harm the Group's 
reputation and ultimately hamper its commercial success. 
The Group may be liable for damages based on product liability claims brought against it or its customers or may be accused 
of having sold harmful products. 
Many of the Group's products provide critical performance attributes to customers' products, which are in turn sold to 
consumers. If a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications, a customer could seek replacement 
of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as designed and marketed. The sale 
of these products may also give rise to product liability claims or other claims based on damage caused by the Group's products. 
If a consumer were to bring a product liability claim with respect to a product that contains the Group's products, the Group 
could be named as a defendant in that claim or could become subject to separate litigation brought by one of its customers. A 
successful claim or series of claims against the Group could cause reputational harm and could result in a loss of customers. 
In addition, the Group's product portfolio contains some substances that are harmful to human health. Other products of the 
Group that are not currently considered harmful to human health may be discovered to be harmful to human health in the 
future, which could lead to liability claims. In addition, the Group's products, once integrated into consumer end products, may 
also be found to be harmful as medical knowledge about health risks related to exposure evolves. Any allegation of harm 
caused by a product of the Group may significantly negatively affect the Group's reputation. Any threatened or actual future 
claims for damages based on product liability could significantly harm the Group's reputation and, in turn, could materially 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Financial Risks 
Increased obligations and expenses related to the Group's post-employment benefit plans could negatively affect the 
Group's financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group has obligations to current and former employees related to pensions and other post-employment benefits in 
Germany and a number of other countries. Changes in relevant measurement parameters such as interest rates, mortality and 
salary increase rates may raise the present value of the Group's pension obligations. This may lead to increased costs in 
connection with the Group's pension plans, diminish equity due to the recognition of actuarial losses or put pressure on the 
Group's credit rating. A large proportion of the Group's pension and other post-employment benefit obligations are covered by 
plan assets including fixed income securities, shares, real estate and other investments. Declining or even negative returns on 
these investments may adversely affect the future fair value of plan assets.  
Both of these effects may negatively impact the development of equity, and may require additional payments by the Group. 
Also, future changes in certain legal environments, especially in local regulation, may in the future have negative effects on 
the Group's results and may also trigger the necessity for additional payments by the Group. 
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have material adverse effects on the Group's results of operations. 
Foreign currency risks for the Group result from exchange rate changes of financial and operational booked exposure 
(including receivables and payables) as well as from planned operational exposure. The exposures include raw materials and/or 
the sales of products priced in other currencies than the functional currency of the operating subsidiary. Unfavourable exchange 
rates may lead to higher costs or lower sales than expected at the time of signing the contract and may reduce margins. 
The Group's reporting currency is the Euro. However, the Group conducts its business in a large number of countries across 
the globe and in several international currencies. In terms of the Group's results of operations, the U.S. dollar and the Chinese 
renminbi are the most important foreign currencies. Any change in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Euro 
affects the Group's reported results of operations and assets and liabilities when the results of those subsidiaries are translated 
into Euro for reporting purposes. Unfavourable fluctuations in the values of the currencies in which the Group's international 
subsidiaries' financial statements are prepared against the Euro could have a material negative impact on the Group's future 
consolidated financial statements.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
The exposure to exchange rate volatility could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The terms of the Group's existing debt financings as well as credit market conditions, changes in interest rates and declines 
in credit ratings may restrict the Group's financial and operational flexibility. 
Some of the financing agreements the Group has entered into with banks, other financial institutions or other creditors contain 
restrictions, undertakings, warranties, limitations as to further financing, covenants and definitions of events of default that 
may reduce the Group's financial and operational flexibility. Through cross-default clauses, the breach of covenants or other 
obligations of one or more financing agreements may lead to a default under other financing agreements. Any such restrictions 
contained in the Group's financing arrangements could also have a material adverse effect on its ability to react to changes in 
its business environment and its ability to incur additional debt to fund future liquidity requirements or re-financing. If the 
Group cannot meet its repayment obligations, it may have to pursue financial restructuring, which may be achieved only at 
increased cost or not at all and could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
Interest rate fluctuations could increase the interest expense on any outstanding floating interest debt of the Group, the cost of 
new financing and the valuation of the Group's defined benefit obligations. Furthermore, a downgrade in the ratings of the 
Group or the debt securities of the Group could result in increased interest and other financial expenses related to future 
borrowings of the Group and could restrict the Group's access to additional capital or financing. 
The Group may be forced to make write-downs or additional impairments, in particular on tangible assets that reduce the 
value of the Group. 
The Group is active in an industry that requires significant investments in its production facilities. Any such property, plant 
and equipment associated with the Group's operations and recorded on the balance sheet, as well as the existing intangibles 
including goodwill make the Group susceptible to impairments. Assets, including right-of-use assets under leasing 
arrangements, with a determined useful or contractual life are amortized accordingly on a straight-line basis over a period of 
up to 50 years. An impairment test is performed if there is an indication of possible impairment. Goodwill and other intangible 
assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis or immediately, at interim, in case of an indication of possible impairment. 
If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group (cash-generating unit) may not be recoverable, impairment losses may be 
recorded in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Impairment charges could become necessary in the future if, for 
example, the Group's prospects deteriorate such that the carrying amounts of its assets or cash-generating units are no longer 
recoverable under applicable accounting rules. According to applicable accounting rules the Group has to perform quantitative 
testing for all cash generating units which carry goodwill. Since the Group utilizes a discounted cash flow methodology to 
calculate the fair value of its cash generating units, continued weak demand for a specific product line, oversupply in the 
industry, and/or high raw material prices could result in impairment.  
Accordingly, any impairment test requiring the write-down or additional impairment could materially adversely affect the 
Group's reportable performance, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to many operational risks for which it may not be adequately insured. 
The Group believes that Covestro AG and its subsidiaries have reasonable insurance protection, to the extent customary in the 
industry. However, such insurance does not cover all risks associated with the operation of its business that could potentially 
lead to interruptions of its business operations or to it incurring significant costs, or with its production processes and the 
related use, storage and transportation of hazardous and non-hazardous raw materials, products and wastes in or from its 
production facilities or its distribution centres. In addition, the Group is exposed to legal liabilities such as environmental and 
product liability which may also not be fully covered by insurance. While the Group has purchased what it deems to be 
insurance coverage customary in the industry, such coverage is subject to limitations or exclusions, deductible and maximum 
limits of insurance. 
The realization of any such risk not or not fully covered by insurance could materially adversely affect the Group's business, 
reputation and results of operations. 
The amount of debt that the Group has incurred could materially adversely affect the Group's business. 
The amount of debt that the Group has incurred could significantly affect the Group and the Group's investors: The Group 
may be required to use a substantial portion of the Group's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt, 
which in turn reduces the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow the Group's 
business. As a consequence, the Group's vulnerability to generally adverse economic and industry conditions as well as the 
risk of a future downgrade of the Group's ratings could increase. Further, future debt costs could increase and limit at the same 
time the future availability of debt financing, limiting the Group's ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take

--- Page 22 ---
22 
advantage of business opportunities as they arise. This could also limit the Group's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, 
changes in the Group's business and the industry. The Group could consequently be placed at a competitive disadvantage to 
the Group's competitors that may not be as highly leveraged. 
In addition, the Group's actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. The Group's cash flow from 
operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt, and the Group may not be able to borrow money, sell 
assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance the debt.  
The amount of debt that the Group has incurred may limit the flexibility of the Group to respond to future events and could 
materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Tax Risks 
The Group's tax burden could increase, in particular, as a result of tax audits, reassessments by the competent authorities 
and potential changes in applicable tax laws. 
As an international group operating in multiple jurisdictions, the Group is subject to laws and regulations on tax levies and 
other charges or contributions in many countries throughout the world, which often do not provide clear-cut or definitive 
guidance. The tax charge included in the financial statements is the Group's best estimate of the due tax. There is a degree of 
uncertainty regarding the final tax liability for any period until completion of tax audits by the relevant authorities. 
In connection with the separation from the Bayer Group, the Group is responsible for and has also agreed to indemnify certain 
companies of the Bayer Group, in particular, against additional tax liabilities arising from risks relating to transfer pricing 
adjustments and the unintended maintenance of permanent establishments, each in connection with activities of the previous 
MaterialScience business. 
Reassessments of taxes, changes to tax laws, rules and regulations, including changes in the interpretation or implementation 
of tax laws, rules and regulations by domestic or foreign governmental bodies, could affect the Group in substantial and 
unpredictable ways. Such reassessments and changes could subject the Group to additional compliance costs and tax liabilities, 
which could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group operates in a significant number of jurisdictions, which contributes to the volatility of its effective tax rate. Changes 
in tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates may affect its effective tax rate. National 
and international adverse tax developments could thus materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may be required to indemnify Bayer AG against possible tax claims 
In connection with a Contribution, Indemnification and Post-Formation Agreement between Bayer AG and Covestro AG dated 
September 17, 2015 arrangements were made to settle possible claims for taxes. These arrangements may result in 
corresponding cash outflows at Group. 
Furthermore, the Group may be required to indemnify Bayer AG against possible U.S. tax claims. Covestro LLC (formerly 
Bayer MaterialScience LLC) is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Covestro AG. Prior to Covestro AG's acquisition of its 
indirect ownership of the shares of Covestro LLC and in furtherance of the separation of the MaterialScience division from 
other Bayer business divisions, the MaterialScience division in the United States was reorganized such that ownership of 
Covestro LLC was transferred in a series of transactions that were intended to enable Bayer Corporation and Covestro LLC to 
operate as independent companies. In connection with the separation, Bayer Corporation distributed the stock of Covestro LLC 
to Bayer US Holding LP, Bayer US Holding LP distributed the stock of Covestro LLC to Bayer Worldwide Investments BV, 
and Bayer Worldwide Investments BV distributed the stock of Covestro LLC to Bayer AG in transactions that were intended 
to be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Distributions"). Bayer Corporation received opinions of tax counsel 
as to the tax-free nature of the Distributions. Notwithstanding receipt by Bayer Corporation of the opinions of tax counsel, the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") could assert that the Distributions do not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. If the IRS were successful in taking this position, Bayer Corporation and Bayer US Holding LP 
could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liability. In addition, the Distributions would be taxable to Bayer 
Corporation if the Distributions were later determined to be part of a plan (or series of related transactions) pursuant to which 
one or more persons acquire directly or indirectly stock representing a 50% or greater interest in Covestro LLC. For this 
purpose, direct or indirect acquisitions of the stock of Covestro LLC within the period beginning two years before the 
Distributions and ending two years after the Distributions are generally presumed to be part of such a plan, although this 
presumption is rebuttable. 
Pursuant to the tax sharing agreement between Bayer AG, Bayer US Holding LP, Bayer Corporation, Covestro LLC and 
Covestro Deutschland AG dated December 31, 2014 as amended by an amendment agreement dated September 16, 2015 (the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
"Tax Sharing Agreement") Covestro LLC has agreed to indemnify Bayer US Holding LP and its affiliates against tax-related 
liabilities, if any, caused by the failure of the Distributions to qualify as tax-free transactions if the failure to so qualify is 
attributable to actions by Covestro Deutschland AG, Covestro LLC or its affiliates after the Distributions, including actions 
that are inconsistent with the representations and covenants provided in connection with the opinions of tax counsel issued in 
connection with the Distributions. In addition, pursuant to the tax covenants agreement dated September 17, 2015, between 
Bayer AG, Bayer US Holding LP, Bayer Corporation, and Covestro AG (the "Tax Covenants Agreement"), Covestro AG 
agreed (i) to compensate Bayer AG in the amount resulting from tax-related liabilities caused by the failure of the Distributions 
to qualify as tax-free transactions (if the breach of the restrictions imposed on Covestro AG causes such tax-related liabilities) 
or (ii) to indemnify Bayer AG and its affiliates, as well as their respective directors, officers and employees, and hold them 
harmless from and against any tax-related liabilities caused by the failure of the Distributions to qualify as tax-free transactions 
(unless Covestro AG can prove that (x) an action of Bayer AG or any of its affiliates did cause such tax-related liabilities or 
(y) such tax-related liabilities would have been triggered even if Covestro AG had not breached the restrictions imposed on 
it). If the failure of the Distributions to qualify for tax-free treatment is for any reason for which none of Bayer AG, Bayer US 
Holding LP (and its affiliates), Covestro AG, Covestro Deutschland AG or Covestro LLC (and its affiliates) is responsible, 
each of Bayer US Holding LP and Covestro LLC has agreed in the Tax Sharing Agreement to be responsible for 50% of the 
tax-related liabilities arising from the failure of the Distributions to qualify as tax-free transactions. Covestro LLC's 
indemnification obligations to Bayer US Holding LP and its affiliates are not limited in amount or subject to any cap and 
Covestro AG's indemnification obligations to Bayer AG and its affiliates is under some circumstances subject to a cap agreed 
with Bayer AG. The amount to be indemnified by Covestro LLC and/or Covestro AG could be significant notwithstanding the 
cap that is applicable in some circumstances. 
Others 
The Group relies on the proper functioning of its computer and data processing systems and a larger-scale malfunction 
could result in material disruptions to its business.  
The Group relies primarily on globally and locally functioning information technology systems across its operations, including 
for management, supply chain and financial information and various other processes and transactions. A comprehensive, long-
term IT service outage, so that no user is able to access the Group's network or the central ERP platform, could materially 
disrupt the Group's operations, cause material delays or cancellations of customer orders or impede the production or shipment 
of products, processing of transactions or reporting of financial results. A severe outage of a de-central production control 
system in a major site could lead to an interruption of the related production process, which could have a material impact on 
the Group's business. A Cyber-attack on or other problems with the Group's systems could also lead to the disclosure of 
proprietary information about its business or confidential information concerning its customers or employees, which could 
result in significant damage to its business and its reputation. 
While the Group has put in place measures designed to ensure proper functioning of its information technology systems, it 
cannot provide assurances that its measures would fully protect it against all of the significant risks to its information 
technology systems. Failure to implement these measures could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
If the Group is unable to sell, store, re-utilize or dispose of certain raw materials and by-products that it produces or acquires 
from third parties, it may be required to limit or reduce its overall production levels and could also be materially adversely 
affected if the prices at which the Group sells certain raw materials and by-products decline. 
The Group's operations are dependent on its ability to sell, store, re-utilize or otherwise dispose of certain raw materials and 
by-products of the Group's production processes such as styrene monomers, caustic soda and hydrochloric acid. To a large 
extent, the Group either sells the by-products resulting from one production step or uses them in the production of further 
individual products, often at the same location, by using an integrated production structure or disposes of them. Cost efficient 
operations of many of the Group's production facilities are dependent in part on the sales price or the costs in connection with 
disposing of the by-products including the availability of waste water disposal facilities as well as waste incinerators, and on 
the re-utilization levels thereof. The inventory expense related to storing hazardous and bulky materials, such as certain raw 
materials and the Group's by-products may be significant. Such inventories may ultimately become obsolete or decline in 
value, thereby adversely affecting the Group's earnings. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to sell, store, re-utilize or dispose of raw materials or by-products in the 
future. In addition, the Group may have historically had the ability to sell such raw materials or by-products at prices that may 
not be available in the future which may result in a decline in the Group's sales. The Group's ability to sell raw materials and 
by-products and the prices at which the Group is able to sell them, can have a material impact on the Group's net sales. The 
demand and prices for some of these raw materials and by-products, in particular styrene monomers, have historically been 
volatile and may continue to be volatile, which may affect the Group's results of operations. In the event that the Group is

--- Page 24 ---
24 
unable to sell such by-products, it may be required to reduce its production levels at all or some of its production facilities, 
invest in new treatment processes or incur substantial costs in connection with disposing of these by-products, which may have 
a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
With the sale of its by-products, Covestro depends on other product markets which can have a different development than the 
Group’s product markets, e.g. the polystyrene market for styrene monomer or the PVC market regarding HCl. In a worst case 
growth and volume demand could become opposites which would force the Group to dispose former sales materials, which 
would create investment demand and higher operating costs. 
The Group's reputation is one of its key assets and if it is harmed, the Group's business and results of operations may 
suffer. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of negative publicity, press speculation and potential or actual legal proceedings concerning 
its business, which may harm its reputation. The development of a negative social perception for the chemical industry in 
general or the processes or products of the Group in particular could also have a negative impact on the reputation of the 
Group. The incorrect use and handling of the Group's products by third parties can also harm the Group's reputation. In 
addition, concerns about product safety and environmental protection could influence public perceptions regarding the Group's 
products and operations, the viability of certain products, its reputation, and the ability to attract and retain employees. Any 
significant damage to the Group's reputation could cause existing customers to terminate their relationship with the Group or 
prevent it from winning new contracts. Such general concerns may also lead to the increased scrutiny of authorities and more 
restrictive legislation.  
Any of these negative effects could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in categories depending on their nature with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category: 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments. 
Any person who purchases the Notes is relying on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and has no rights against any other person. 
Noteholders are subject to the risk of a partial or total failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments that 
the Issuer is obliged to make under the Notes. The worse the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the higher the risk of loss (see also 
"Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group" above). A materialization of the credit risk may result in partial or total 
failure of the Issuer to make interest and/or redemption payments under the Notes. 
In addition, even if the likelihood that the Issuer will be in a position to fully perform all obligations under the Notes when 
they fall due actually has not decreased, market participants could nevertheless be of that opinion. Market participants may in 
particular be of such opinion if market participants' assessment of the creditworthiness of corporate debtors in general or 
debtors operating in the industries sector adversely change. If any of these risks occur, third parties would only be willing to 
purchase the Notes for a lower price than before the materialization of said risk. The market value of the Notes may therefore 
decrease. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also 
securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's ability to provide asset security for the benefit of other debt and require 
the Issuer to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions), the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant 
exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing 
the Notes, the Notes will be effectively junior to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of any secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately more on their claims 
than the Noteholders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining 
to make payments on the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, 
including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will 
have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. In the 
event of a liquidation, winding-up or dissolution or a bankruptcy, administration, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or 
similar proceeding of any subsidiary of the Issuer, such subsidiary will pay the holders of its own debt (including holders of 
third-party debt which such subsidiaries have guaranteed) before they would be able to distribute any of their assets to the 
Issuer. As a result, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets to make payments on the Notes. 
Early redemption in case of certain events of default subject to a 25 per cent. quorum  
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and payable 
shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Noteholders representing at least 
25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Series of Notes then outstanding. Noteholders should be aware that, as a 
result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required 
quorum of Noteholders with respect to the Series of Notes delivers default notices. 
Market price risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels or 
the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Noteholders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable 
development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes if the Noteholders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of 
such Notes. If a Noteholder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes 
in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") typically 
changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, but in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate 
Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. 
If the Noteholder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance 
to such Noteholder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such 
Notes. 
A Noteholder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme can also be listed on other stock exchanges or may not be listed at all, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Regardless of whether Series of Notes are listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for such Notes will 
develop or, if it does develop, that it will not continue. The fact that Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater 
liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, 
however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely.  
The liquidity of a Series of Notes may also be subject to fluctuations during the term of such Notes and may deteriorate, in 
particular as a result of repurchases and redemptions. 
In an illiquid market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions by resolution of the Noteholders and appointment of a joint representative 
Since the Terms and Conditions for a Series of Notes may be amended by the Issuer with consent of the relevant Noteholders 
by way of a majority resolution in a Noteholders' Meeting or by a vote not requiring a physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Versammlung) as described in Sections 5 et seq. of the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, "SchVG"), the Issuer may subsequently amend the Terms and Conditions with 
the consent of the majority of Noteholders as described in § 15 of the Terms and Conditions, which amendment will be binding 
on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, even on those who voted against the change. As the relevant majority for 
Noteholders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series 
of Notes outstanding, any such resolution may technically be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes outstanding. 
Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Noteholders. As such majority 
resolution is binding on all Noteholders of a particular Series of Notes, certain rights of such Noteholder against the Issuer 
under the Terms and Conditions may be amended or reduced or cancelled, even for Noteholders who have declared their 
claims arising from the Notes due and payable but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment 
taking effect, which may have significant negative effects on the value of the Notes and the return from the Notes. 
The Noteholders may by majority resolution provide for the appointment or dismissal of a joint representative. If a joint 
representative is appointed a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce a part or all of its rights 
under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Noteholders' joint representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. 
Risks related to the specific Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
At the Issuer's option, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at par plus accrued interest if, as a result of a 
future change of the laws applicable in Germany, the Issuer will be obliged to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions). 
If provided for in any Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes, the Notes may be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date (i) at 
the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any specified Call 
Redemption Date or within any specified Call Redemption Period(s), (iii) at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a 
transaction related event, or (iv) if at any time the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series outstanding 
is equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the Series originally issued. If the Notes 
of any Series are redeemed earlier than expected by a Noteholder, a Noteholder is exposed to the risk that due to the early 
redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield and to the risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash 
proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. The redemption amount may be lower than the then prevailing market 
price of and the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder for the Notes so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital. 
Risk related to the Reform of Interest Rate "Benchmarks" and possible Replacement of a Benchmark 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR). "Benchmarks" such as 
the EURIBOR (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") have, in recent years, been the subject of political and 
regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include in particular the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the "Benchmark 
Regulation") which is fully applicable since January 1, 2018. 
Following the implementation of such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result that 
they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation or other initiatives could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant interest period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
If a Benchmark used to calculate interest amounts payable under any Notes for any interest period has ceased to be calculated 
or administered, the Issuer shall endeavour to appoint an independent adviser, which must be an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets. Such 
independent adviser will be tasked with determining whether an officially recognised successor rate to the discontinued 
Benchmark exists. If that is not the case, the independent adviser will attempt to find an alternative rate which, possibly after 
application of adjustments or spreads, can replace the discontinued Benchmark. If the independent adviser determines a 
successor rate or alternative rate (the "New Benchmark Rate"), such rate will replace the previous Benchmark for purposes 
of determining the relevant rate of interest. Such determination will be binding for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders of such Notes. Any amendments pursuant to these fallback provisions will apply with effect from 
the effective date specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the Issuer fails to appoint an independent adviser or if the adviser fails to determine a New Benchmark Rate prior to the 
relevant interest determination date, the reference rate applicable to the immediately following interest period shall be the 
reference rate applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date. Any subsequent interest period may be subject to 
the subsequent operation of the fallback provisions.  
The replacement of a Benchmark could have adverse effects on the economic return of the Noteholders of the relevant Notes 
compared to the applicable original benchmark rate.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of Notes 
(the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth 
below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for the 
Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
− 
Option I - Terms and Conditions for Fixed Rate Notes; and 
− 
Option II - Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
− 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option 
II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by 
replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Base Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and 
Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
− 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options 
contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the relevant provisions 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the 
information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base 
Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes 
will have the information contained in Part I of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Base Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. Each 
of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (characterized by indicating 
the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets 
within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant provisions 
in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as 
set out in the Base Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or 
optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions will be 
completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall 
constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and any 
footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
in the case of Notes (i) offered to the public, in whole or in part, in Germany or Austria, or (ii) initially distributed, 
in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany or Austria, German will be the controlling language. If, 
in the event of such offers to the public or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices 
of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer, as specified on the back cover of this Base Prospectus. 
- 
in other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language in the Conditions.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
 
 
Deutsche Fassung der Anleihebedingungen 
English language version 
 
 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Anleihebedingungen") sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and 
Conditions") are set forth below for two options: 
 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
applies to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
 
 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen 
und 
Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
in 
eckigen 
Klammern 
innerhalb des Satzes der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet 
wird. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterised accordingly by indicating the respective 
optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out either on the right of, or in square brackets 
within, the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung 
findet, 
indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden 
oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
In the Final Terms, the Issuer will determine whether 
Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect 
to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the 
relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Basisprospektes 
keine 
Kenntnis 
von 
bestimmten 
Angaben hat, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser 
Basisprospekt Leerstellen in eckigen Klammern, die die 
maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Base 
Prospectus the Issuer has no knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this 
Base Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
 
Im Fall, dass 
die End-
gültigen Be-
dingungen, 
die für eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar 
sind, nur auf 
die weiteren 
Optionen 
verweisen, 
die im Satz 
der Anleihe-
bedingungen 
der Option I 
oder Option 
II enthalten 
sind, ist 
folgendes  
anwendbar: 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten 
für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der 
Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, 
so 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle erhältlich; bei nicht auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin 
an 
einer 
Börse 
notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden 
Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings ausschließlich für 
die Anleihegläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen 
erhältlich. 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to 
the Notes as completed by the terms of the final terms 
which are attached hereto (the "Final Terms"). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final 
Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks 
of such provisions; alternative or optional provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions as to which the 
corresponding provisions of the Final Terms are not 
completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions; all provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable to the 
Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text 
set out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final 
Terms may be obtained free of charge at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent provided that, in the case of 
Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange at the 
initiative of the Issuer, copies of the relevant Final Terms 
will only be available to the Noteholders of such Notes. 
In the case 
the Final 
Terms  
applicable to 
an individual 
issue only  
refer to the 
further  
options  
contained in 
the set of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Option I 
or Option II 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
OPTION I 
Anleihebedingungen für  
festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION I 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.  Die 
Covestro AG, Leverkusen (die "Emittentin") 
begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
in 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung von je [Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Betrag] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung").  
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination.  The Notes 
are issued by Covestro AG, Leverkusen (the 
"Issuer") 
in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified Currency"), in the aggregate 
principal amount of [Specified Currency] 
[amount], divided into notes in the specified 
denomination of [Specified Currency] [amount] 
(the "Specified Denomination") each (the 
"Notes").  
 
 
(b) 
Form.  Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form.  The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
 
(c) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind zunächst in einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
(c) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  The Notes 
are initially represented by a temporary global 
Note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird insgesamt 
oder teilweise und unentgeltlich am oder nach 
dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach dem Tag des 
Beginns des Angebots liegt, gegen Nachweis 
über das Nichtbestehen wirtschaftlichen U.S.-
Eigentums im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership) in der in der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde vorgesehenen Form, für den 
Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen gegen eine 
dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauer-
Globalurkunde") 
(die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde 
jeweils auch eine "Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine ausgetauscht. Ein Recht der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auf Ausgabe und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden 
oder Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of 
charge, on or after the day that is 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the date of issue of the Notes for a 
permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") (the Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note, each a "Global 
Note") 
without 
interest 
coupons 
upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
in the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note. The right of the Noteholders (as defined 
below) to require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is excluded. 
 
 
(d) 
Clearingsystem.  Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauer-Globalurkunde werden solange 
von einem Clearingsystem oder im Auftrag 
eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System.  Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note 
will be held in custody by or on behalf of a 
Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] 
[,] 
[und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, ("Clearstream, Luxemburg")] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen 
die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., 
42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Im Fall von 
Schuld- 
verschrei-
bungen, die 
in Form 
einer 
Classical 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case of 
Notes 
intended to 
be issued in 
the Classical 
Global Note 
form, the  
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
in Form  
einer New 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes 
intended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form, the 
following 
applies: 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customers' interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating 
the principal amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin 
sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any 
of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs 
pro 
rata 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle und 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent and 
the manual signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger.  Den 
Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen ("Anleihegläubiger") 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleichbare 
andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, die 
gemäß 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
und 
den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des Clearingsystems 
übertragen werden können. 
(e) 
Noteholders.  The 
holders 
of 
Notes 
("Noteholders") are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable laws and the rules 
and regulations of the Clearing System. 
 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
(a) 
Status.  Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin zumindest 
gleichrangig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status.  The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung.  Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge 
an 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
oder 
Schuldscheindarlehen nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen kein 
dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht 
("Sicherungsrecht") am eigenen Vermögen zu 
bestellen, ohne die Anleihegläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an einem 
solchen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben zu lassen, mit 
der Maßgabe, dass diese Verpflichtung keine 
Anwendung 
findet, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin 
Sicherungsrechte 
folgender 
Art 
bestellt, 
übernimmt oder bestehen lässt: 
(b) 
Negative pledge.  The Issuer undertakes, as long 
as Notes are outstanding but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been 
provided to the Fiscal Agent, not to provide after 
the issue date of the Notes any security interest 
in rem ("Security Interest") upon its assets for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below) or Schuldscheinloans without at the 
same time letting the Noteholders share pari 
passu in such Security Interest; provided, 
however, that this undertaking shall not be 
applicable in the event the Issuer shall create, 
assume or suffer to exist Security Interests of the 
following character: 
 
 
(i) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
auf 
einem 
Vermögensgegenstand zum Zeitpunkt 
des Erwerbs durch die Emittentin 
lasten; 
(i) 
any Security Interest existing on 
property at the time of the acquisition 
thereof by the Issuer; 
 
 
(ii) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
nach 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben 
sind 
oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung 
staatlicher Genehmigungen sind; und 
(ii) 
any 
Security 
Interest 
which 
is 
mandatory according to applicable 
laws or required as prerequisite for 
governmental approvals; and 
 
 
In Bezug auf von der Emittentin begebene asset-
backed Emissionen, schließen die im ersten Satz 
dieses § 2(b) benutzten Worte "Vermögen", 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
und 
"Schuldscheindarlehen" 
nicht 
Vermögensgegenstände, 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
und 
Schuldscheindarlehen der Emittentin ein, 
In respect of asset-backed securitizations 
originated by the Issuer, the expressions 
"assets", "Capital Market Indebtedness" and 
"Schuldscheinloans" as used in the first sentence 
of this § 2(b) do not include assets, Capital 
Market Indebtedness and Schuldscheinloans of 
the Issuer 
 
 
(i) 
solange das Vermögen, das derartige 
Emissionen 
deckt, 
zusammen 
€1.000.000.000 nicht übersteigt; oder 
(i) 
if 
the 
assets 
backing 
such 
securitizations do not in aggregate 
exceed €1,000,000,000; or 
 
 
(ii) 
die im Einklang mit den Gesetzen und 
den International Financial Reporting 
Standards, 
wie 
sie 
in 
der 
EU 
anzuwenden sind, ("IFRS") nicht in 
der Bilanz der Emittentin ausgewiesen 
werden müssen und darin auch nicht 
ausgewiesen werden. 
(ii) 
which, pursuant to the requirements of 
law 
and 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union ("IFRS"), need not, 
and are not, reflected in the Issuer's 
balance sheet. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bedeutet 
jede 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommer Gelder in der Form von oder 
verbrieft durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnliche(n) 
Wertpapiere(n) 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Wertpapierbörse oder in einem 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" shall mean 
any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money represented by bonds, notes, debentures 
or any similar securities which are or are capable 
of being quoted, listed or traded on any stock 
exchange or over-the-counter securities market 
or which are otherwise publicly traded or

--- Page 34 ---
34 
over-the-counter 
Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder dort 
notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden 
können 
oder 
die 
anderweitig 
öffentlich 
gehandelt werden oder gehandelt werden sollen. 
intended to be publicly traded, having an 
original maturity of more than one year.  
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum 
Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
interest 
and 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates.  The Notes bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination from and including 
[insert Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date") to but 
excluding the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz einfügen] % verzinst. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
The Notes bear interest at the rate of [insert rate 
of interest] per cent. per annum, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[Zinszahlungstag(e) einfügen] eines jeden 
Jahres, erstmals den [ersten Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen]. 
"Interest Payment Date" means [insert Interest 
Payment Date(s)] in each year, commencing on 
[insert first Interest Payment Date]. 
 
Im Falle  
einer kurzen 
oder langen 
ersten Zins-
periode gilt 
folgendes: 
Die erste Zinszahlung beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglichen 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegter 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
je 
Festgelegter Stückelung. 
The first payment of interest will amount to 
[insert initial Broken Interest Amount per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination.  
In case of a 
short or long 
first coupon 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Sofern der 
Endfälligkeit
stag kein 
Zinszahlungs
tag ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum ab dem [den letzten 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] (einschließlich) bis 
zum Endfälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen 
sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
Festgelegter 
Stückelung 
einfügen] 
je 
Festgelegter Stückelung und sind nachträglich 
am Endfälligkeitstag zahlbar. 
Interest in respect of the period from and 
including 
[insert 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to but excluding 
the Maturity Date will amount to [insert final 
Broken 
Interest 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination, 
such interest being payable in arrear on the 
Maturity Date. 
If the 
Maturity 
Date is not 
an  
Interest  
Payment 
Date, the  
following  
applies: 
 
(b) 
Zinstagequotient.  Zinsen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (ausgenommen ist ein etwaiger 
Zeitraum, für den ein Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
festgelegt ist) werden auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten berechnet. 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction.  If interest is required to be 
calculated for any period of time (other than any 
period of time for which a broken interest 
amount has been fixed), such interest shall be 
calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction. 
 
 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrages 
für 
einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
dieses 
Zeitraums 
(ausschließlich)) 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the 
first day of such period to but excluding the last 
day of such period) (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual /  
Actual 
(ICMA)" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
(i) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
der Feststellungsperiode entspricht, in 
die er fällt, oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt aus (A) der Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(B) 
der 
Anzahl der Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (A) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and 
(B) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ICMA)"  
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
(ii) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger als eine Feststellungsperiode ist, 
die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than 
one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die 
in die Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, dividiert durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden; und 
(A) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period 
and 
(2) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
and 
 
 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Feststellungsperiode 
fallen, 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, 
die 
üblicherweise in einem Jahr 
enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in such 
Calculation Period falling in 
the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in 
any year 
 
 
Dabei gilt folgendes: 
Where: 
 
 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
[Feststellungstermin(e) einfügen];  
"Determination Date" means each [insert 
Determination Date(s)]; 
 
 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), der in ein beliebiges Jahr fällt, 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means each period 
from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual /  
Actual 
(ISDA)"  
Methode  
anwendbar 
ist, gilt  
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)"  
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 365 
(Fixed)"  
Methode  
anwendbar 
ist, gilt  
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" applies, 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Wenn die 
"30 / 360" 
oder "360 / 
360" oder 
Bond Basis 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
(wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf 
den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt; 
in diesem Fall ist der Monat des letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln; oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
If "30 / 360" 
or "360 / 
360" or 
Bond Basis 
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder 
"Eurobond 
Basis" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or  
"Eurobond 
Basis"  
applies, the 
following 
applies: 
 
(c) 
Ende 
des 
Zinslaufs.  Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Ende des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
endet 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht am Tag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst an dem Ende des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorausgeht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz wird 
gemäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bleiben 
unberührt. 
(c) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the end of the day 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
beyond the due date until the end of the day 
preceding the actual redemption of the Notes. 
The applicable rate of interest will be 
determined in accordance with this § 3. This 
does not affect any additional rights that might 
be available to the Noteholders. 
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und eingezogen, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
an 
dem 
[Endfälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt.  
(a) 
Redemption at maturity.  To the extent not 
previously redeemed in whole or in part, or 
purchased and cancelled the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their Specified Denomination on 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date").  
 
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des Eintritts 
eines Gross-up-Ereignisses. 
(b) 
Early redemption following a Gross up Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie nachstehend 
definiert) eintritt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht nur teilweise) durch Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in 
der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten Kündigungstag zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin 
ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
an 
dem 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung festgelegten Kündigungstag 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If a Gross up Event (as defined below) occurs, 
the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in 
part) at any time with effect on the redemption 
date specified in the notice in accordance with 
§ 4(d). If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Note at its Specified Denomination 
together with interest accrued to but excluding 
the redemption date specified in the notice on 
the redemption date specified in the notice.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an dem 
die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, 
Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) zu 
zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6). 
 
Ein "Gross-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle eine Kopie davon gibt), aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin aufgrund einer 
an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft 
tretenden Änderung oder Klarstellung der 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften des Staats, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich 
ansässig 
ist, 
einer 
seiner 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer seiner zur 
Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen (einschließlich des Falles, 
dass 
die 
betreffende 
Änderung 
oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwendung findet), 
oder aufgrund einer Änderung der Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
durch 
eine 
gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Behörde 
(einschließlich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen eines 
Gerichts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlen, und die Emittentin diese Verpflichtung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben für 
zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
A "Gross up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognised law firm has been delivered to the 
Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a 
result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules of the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes, any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such 
country having power to tax (including in case 
any such change, amendment or clarification 
has retroactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a result of any 
interpretation or application made for the first 
time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or authority 
(including the enactment of any legislation and 
the publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the last tranche of the Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such 
measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
 
(c) 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin].  
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option of the Issuer] 
[Early redemption at the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen nach 
§ 4(c) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes prior 
to the Maturity Date, otherwise than provided in 
§ 4(b). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early  
redemption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(c), the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen nach 
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-Whole 
Rückzah-
lungsbetrag 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzah
len, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its Make-
Whole Redemption Amount together 
with interest accrued to but excluding 
the redemption date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d) on the 
redemption date specified in the notice 
in accordance with § 4(d). 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
at the Make-
Whole  
Redemption 
Amount, the 
following  
applies:

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Der 
"Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
höheren von: 
The 
"Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount" per Note shall be the higher 
of: 
 
 
(i) 
der Festgelegten Stückelung; 
oder 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination; 
or 
 
 
(ii) 
dem Abgezinsten Marktwert. 
(ii) the Present Value. 
 
 
Der Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
berechnet. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent. 
 
 
Der "Abgezinste Marktwert" ist die 
Summe aus 
The "Present Value" will be the sum 
of 
 
 
(a) 
dem auf den Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten 
Wert 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibung, 
der 
ansonsten am Fälligkeitstag 
fällig werden würde; und 
(a)  
the Specified Denomination 
to be redeemed which would 
otherwise become due on the 
Maturity Date, discounted to 
the redemption date; and 
 
 
(b) 
den 
jeweils 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag abgezinsten 
Werten 
der 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen, die ansonsten 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) fällig werden 
würden 
(ausschließlich 
etwaiger, 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen). 
(b)  
the 
remaining 
interest 
payments 
which 
would 
otherwise become due on each 
Interest Payment Date falling 
after the redemption date to 
and including the Maturity 
Date (excluding any interest 
accrued to but excluding the 
redemption 
date), 
each 
discounted to the redemption 
date. 
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle errechnet den 
Abgezinsten Marktwert gemäß der 
Marktkonvention auf einer Grundlage, 
die der Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß 
§ 3 
entspricht, 
wobei 
sie 
die 
Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % zugrunde 
legt. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Present Value in accordance with 
market convention on a basis which is 
consistent with the calculation of 
interest as set out in § 3, using the 
Benchmark 
Yield 
plus 
[insert 
percentage] %. 
 
 
Die "Benchmark-Rendite" bezeichnet 
die am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
bestehende 
Rendite 
der 
entsprechenden 
[einfügen: 
[Euro-
Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
unter 
Angabe 
folgender Einzelheiten: ISIN oder 
andere Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 
12:00 Uhr mittags [(Frankfurter Zeit)] 
[andere relevante Zeitzone] an diesem 
Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] 
Govt 
HP 
(unter 
Nutzung 
der 
Einstellung "Last Yield to Convention" 
und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder 
wie von einer anderen, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegten, Quelle 
hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] oder 
sollte die Rendite zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
nicht verfügbar sein, bezeichnet die 
Benchmark-Rendite eine ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, die 
jeweils mit einer Laufzeit, die mit der 
verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag vergleichbar ist, und die 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
The "Benchmark Yield" means the 
yield at the Redemption Calculation 
Date of the corresponding [insert [euro 
denominated benchmark debt security 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] 
[other relevant benchmark] specifying 
the following details: ISIN or other 
securities code, as observed at around 
noon [(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant 
time] on such date on Bloomberg page 
[ISIN] Govt HP (using the setting "Last 
Yield to Convention" and using the 
pricing source ["FRNK"] [other source 
as relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent], 
and if such yield is not available at that 
time the Benchmark Yield shall be the 
yield of a substitute benchmark 
security chosen by the Calculation 
Agent, in each case as having a 
maturity comparable to the remaining 
term of the Note to the Maturity Date, 
that would be used at the time of 
selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities 
of comparable maturity to the Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Auswahlentscheidung 
und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissionen 
von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit verwendet werden würde. 
 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist 
der sechste Geschäftstag vor dem Tag, 
an dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß diesem § 4(c)(i) zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
"Redemption 
Calculation 
Date" 
means the sixth Business Day prior to 
the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in accordance with this 
§ 4(c)(i). 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen nach 
eigener 
Wahl an 
Call-
Rückzah-
lungstag(e)  
vorzeitig  
zurückzu- 
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
mit Wirkung zu dem / den Call-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung 
an dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem jeweiligen 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zu 
dem 
in 
der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Call Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the Call Redemption 
Date specified in the notice in 
accordance with § 4(d) on the Call 
Redemption Date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
on Call  
Redemption 
Date(s), the 
following  
applies: 
 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call  
Redemption Date(s)  
Call  
Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger 
ebenfalls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen  
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
während 
einer Call-
Rückzah-
lungsperiode 
nach eigener 
Wahl 
vorzeitig  
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(iii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung 
an dem Call-Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
jeweiligen 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zu dem Call-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(iii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date. If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Call Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the Call Redemption 
Date on the Call Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
during Call 
Redemption 
Period, the 
following  
applies:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
"Call-Rückzahlungstag" bezeichnet 
einen Geschäftstag innerhalb einer 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode. 
"Call Redemption Date" means each 
Business 
Day 
within 
the 
Call 
Redemption Period(s) as selected by 
the Issuer. 
 
 
Call- 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call- 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger 
ebenfalls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen  
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig bei 
Eintritt eines  
transaktions-
bezogenen  
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbe-
trag zurück-
zuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(iv)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise) 
durch 
eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den 
nachstehend 
aufgeführten 
Bedingungen und gemäß § 4(d) mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Transaktions-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(iv)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice 
in 
accordance with the requirements set 
out below and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note to be 
redeemed at the Transaction Trigger 
Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
upon 
occurrence 
of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following  
applies: 
 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten 
Transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden].  
"Transaction" 
means 
[insert 
description of envisaged transaction 
for which the Notes are intended to be 
issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
"Transaction Notice Period" means 
the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § 4(d) und § 11 innerhalb der 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss 
beendet 
wurde 
oder 
dass 
die 
Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht durchgeführt wird oder dass die 
Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, dass 
sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion 
zu 
verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
bezeichnen.  
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means 
a notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and § 11 within 
the Transaction Notice Period that the 
Transaction has been terminated prior 
to 
its 
completion 
or 
that 
the 
Transaction will not be settled for any 
reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends 
to 
pursue 
the 
Transaction. 
The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also 
specify the Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
At any time the Issuer may waive its 
right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
verzichten. 
events detailed above, by giving notice 
in accordance with § 11. 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung ist gleich [●] % 
der Festgelegten Stückelung.  
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" 
per Note means [●] per cent. of the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag. 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" 
means the redemption date specified in 
the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger 
ebenfalls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen  
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
wegen eines 
geringen 
aus-
stehenden 
Nennbetrags 
vorzeitig  
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(v)] 
Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 15 % oder 
weniger des Gesamtnennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die 
ursprünglich ausgegeben wurden, fällt, 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. 
Wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich der 
bis zum festgelegten Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(v)] 
If at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the Series originally issued, 
the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the redemption date specified 
in the notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with sentence 1, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at its Specified 
Denomination together with interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding 
the 
redemption date specified in the notice 
on the redemption date specified in the 
notice. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
for a 
minimal 
outstanding 
principal 
amount, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung.  Die Emittentin hat die 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 4(b) oder 
§ 4(c) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § 11 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen 
zu 
erklären. 
Die 
Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich, und in ihr wird bestimmt: 
(d) 
Notice.  The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
 
 
– 
genaue 
Bezeichnung 
der 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
anstehenden 
Serie, 
einschließlich 
der 
Wertpapierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the Series of 
Notes subject to redemption, including 
the securities codes; 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; [und] 
– 
the 
applicable 
date 
of 
early 
redemption; [and]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
– 
der betreffende Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt werden, soweit 
dieser 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
der 
Kündigungserklärung 
schon 
feststeht[.][; und] 
– 
the applicable redemption amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed 
early, if such applicable redemption 
amount has already been fixed on the 
date of the publication of the notice[.][; 
and] 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Wahl-
recht hat, die 
Schuld- 
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig bei 
Eintritt eines 
transaktions-
bezogenen 
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbe-
trag zurück-
zuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
– 
eine 
Erklärung, 
ob 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
– 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes which are to be redeemed. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early 
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
upon 
occurrence 
of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following  
applies: 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System.  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.] 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen nach  
eigener 
Wahl zum 
Make-Whole 
Rück-
zahlungsbe-
trag 
vorzeitig zu-
rückzuzah-
len, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
am 
Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag unmittelbar nach Bestimmung 
des Make-Whole Rückzahlungsbetrags durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
diesen 
den 
Anleihegläubiger durch Veröffentlichung einer 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 bekannt zu 
machen. 
 
The Issuer shall on the Redemption Calculation 
Date immediately after the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount has been fixed by the 
Calculation Agent notify such Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
at the Make-
Whole  
Redemption 
Amount, the 
following  
applies: 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, umgehend 
Mitteilung über die Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by such stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, such stock exchange as 
soon as possible of such redemption. 
 
 
(e) 
[Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl des Anleihegläubigers. 
(e) 
[No early] [Early] redemption at the option of a 
Noteholder. 
 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger kein 
Recht haben, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen zu  
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen des 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: § 4(g) oder 
des] § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von der 
Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to put the 
Notes for redemption otherwise than provided in 
[if the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
as a result of a Change of Control the 
following applies: § 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger ein 
Recht haben, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der Schuld-
verschreib-
ungen zu  
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Wahl des 
Anleihegläubigers am / an den Put-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zum jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis 
zum 
Put-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the relevant 
Put Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Put Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise the 
option for early redemption in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of its right 
to redeem such Note in accordance 
with § 4. 
 
 
(ii) 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, hat der 
Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 30 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
Put-Rückzahlungstag, an dem die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zurückgezahlt 
werden sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Erklärung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung"), wie sie von 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
hinterlegen. Die Ausübungserklärung 
hat anzugeben: (i) den Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Recht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit 
vergeben). 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Recht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die 
Emittentin oder an deren Order. Die 
Ausübung des Rechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed early 
redemption notice ("Put Notice") in 
the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised, and (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of 
such Notes, if any. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. 
 
 
(f) 
Erwerb. 
(f) 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
jede 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit 
vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any 
time and subject to mandatory provisions of law 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Falls die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen im 
Fall eines 
Kontroll-
wechsels 
vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt  
folgendes: 
(g) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
(g) 
Change of Control. 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early  
Redemption 
as a result of 
a Change of 
Control the 
following  
applies: 
Tritt (i) ein Kontrollwechsel ein und (ii) kommt 
es innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu 
einer Absenkung des Ratings und (iii) gibt die 
Rating Agentur, die für die Absenkung des 
Ratings verantwortlich ist, öffentlich bekannt 
oder bestätigt der Emittentin schriftlich, dass die 
Absenkung des Ratings, insgesamt oder 
teilweise, auf Grund des Kontrollwechsels 
erfolgte 
(zusammen, 
ein 
"Rückzahlungsereignis"), 
hat 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
§ 4 (b) [oder (c)] angezeigt hat), die 
Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich 
der bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlangen. 
If there (i) occurs a Change of Control and (ii) 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs and (iii) the Rating Agency 
responsible 
for 
the 
Rating 
Downgrade 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
Issuer that such Rating Downgrade resulted, in 
whole or in part, from the occurrence of the 
Change of Control (together called a "Put 
Event"), each Noteholder will have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 4(b) 
[or (c)]) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date at its principal 
amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
Bedeutet "Rating Agentur" jede Ratingagentur 
von Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") 
oder eine ihrer Nachfolgegesellschaften oder 
jede andere Rating Agentur vergleichbaren 
internationalen Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit 
durch die Emittentin bestimmt; 
"Rating Agency" means the rating agencies of 
Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") or any 
of its successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer; 
 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug 
auf einen Kontrollwechsel als eingetreten, wenn 
(a) innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein 
vorher 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer 
Rating Agentur (i) zurückgezogen oder (ii) von 
einem Investment Grade Rating (Baa3 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) 
in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (Ba1 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
schlechter) geändert oder (iii) (falls das für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebene Rating einer 
Rating Agentur unterhalb des Investment Grade 
Ratings liegt) um einen ganzen Punkt (von Ba1 
nach Ba2 von Moody's oder eine ähnliche 
Absenkung eines gleichwertigen 
Ratings) 
abgesenkt wird oder (b) zur Zeit des 
Kontrollwechsels 
kein 
Rating 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Emittentin 
vergeben ist und keine Rating Agentur während 
des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Investment 
Grade Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen 
vergibt (es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz 
zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb dieses 
Zeitraums nicht in der Lage, ein solches Rating 
zu erhalten, ohne dass dies seine Ursache im 
Kontrollwechsel hat); 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
(a) if within the Change of Control Period any 
rating previously assigned to the Issuer or the 
Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or 
(ii) changed from an investment grade rating 
(Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the 
time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the rating 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
shall be below an investment grade rating) 
lowered one full rating notch (from Ba1 to Ba2 
by Moody's or such similar lower of equivalent 
rating) or (b) if at the time of the Change of 
Control, there is no rating assigned to the Notes 
or the Issuer and no Rating Agency assigns 
during the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade credit rating to the Notes 
(unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such a 
rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure 
is unconnected with the occurrence of the 
Change of Control); 
 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als 
eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen (die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die 
abgestimmt handeln, oder einer oder mehrere 
Dritte, die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) 
handeln, zu irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder 
unmittelbar 
(unabhängig 
davon, 
ob 
der 
Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin 
seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (i) mehr als 50 % 
des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin 
oder (ii) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien der 
Emittentin hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat 
bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % der 
Stimmrechte entfallen; 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have 
occurred at each time (whether or not approved 
by the Management Board or Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer) that any person or persons 
("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert or any 
person or persons acting on behalf of any such 
Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own (i) more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share 
capital of the Issuer or (ii) such number of the 
shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more 
than 50 per cent. of the voting rights;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Ist 
der 
"Kontrollwechselzeitraum" 
der 
Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
"Change of Control Period" means the period 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the 
Change of Control; and 
 
 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der siebte Tag nach 
dem letzten Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the 
seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem 
Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird 
die Emittentin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 11 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis 
machen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in 
der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 4 (g) genannten Wahlrechts angegeben 
sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a 
Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the option set out in this §4(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der "Rückzahlungszeitraum") von 45 Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist, 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle einreichen 
(die "Ausübungserklärung"), die in ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann 
nicht 
ohne 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder 
must submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent within the period (the 
"Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen.  Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach ordnungsgemäßem Nachweis gemäß 
§ 1(c). 
(a) 
Payments.  Payment of principal and interest on 
the Notes shall be made to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(c). 
 
 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise.  Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlungen 
auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien 
und Verordnungen oder Verträge denen sich die 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle oder eine 
Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 
ist die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche 
Beträge als Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen 
oder Verträge auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an 
die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment.  Payments of any amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified 
Currency. 
No 
commission 
or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. All payments will be 
subject to all applicable fiscal and other laws, 
directives and regulations or agreements to 
which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent agree to be subject. Without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 6, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
fiscal and other laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
 
 
(c) 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(d) 
Geschäftstag.  Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer 
Zahlung in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag ist, dann 
hat der Anleihegläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
(d) 
Business Day.  If the due date for payment of 
any amount in respect of any Note is not a 
Business Day then the Noteholder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next such day in the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Zahlung vor dem nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
am 
jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. 
Der 
Anleihegläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Geschäftstag" 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means a 
day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt  
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
(i) das 
Clearingsystem 
und 
(ii) Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[sämtliche relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
Zahlungen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which both (i) the Clearing System, and 
(ii) commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [insert all relevant 
financial centres]. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency is 
not Euro, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem (i) das Clearingsystem und (ii) das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
2 
(TARGET) geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which both (i) the Clearing System, and (ii) the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
2 
(TARGET) are open to effect payments. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency is 
Euro, the 
following  
applies: 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Gebühren 
jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen Stellen 
auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder 
festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin kraft 
Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. Sofern die 
Emittentin zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge 
(die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihegläubiger 
zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder 
Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind 
jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will be paid 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes or any political subdivision or 
any authority or any other agency of or in the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes that has power to 
tax, unless the Issuer is compelled by law to make such 
withholding or deduction. If the Issuer is required to 
make such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay 
such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to 
the Noteholders as the Noteholders would have received 
if no such withholding or deduction had been required, 
except that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
 
 
(a) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a)  
are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
 
 
(b) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur 
aus 
der 
bloßen 
Inhaberschaft 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzubehalten 
oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(b) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by reason 
of the relevant Noteholder having some 
connection with the Issuer's country of domicile 
for tax purposes other than the mere holding of 
that Note; or 
 
 
(c) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung, 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder 
dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pursuant 
to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced 
to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty, agreement or understanding; or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller 
fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 11, whichever occurs later. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls verpflichtet, Zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder gemäß mit dem Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen Verträgen von der Emittentin, der 
jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder einem anderen Beteiligten 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
("FATCA-
Steuerabzug") oder Anleger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
Additional amounts deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any other party ("FATCA 
Withholding") in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by the rules of U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or 
any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection 
with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or indemnify any 
investor in relation to any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
§ 7 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist.  Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation.  The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in § 801(1) sentence 1 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch), is reduced to ten years. 
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist.  Die 
Verjährungsfrist 
für 
innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung 
vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei 
Jahre 
von 
dem 
Ende 
der 
betreffenden 
Vorlegungsfrist an. 
(b) 
Prescription.  The period for prescription for 
Notes presented for payment during the 
presentation period shall be two years beginning 
at the end of the relevant presentation period. 
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläubiger 
§ 8 
Events of Default 
 
 
(a) 
Bei 
Eintritt 
und 
Fortdauer 
eines 
der 
nachstehenden 
Ereignisse 
kann 
ein 
Anleihegläubiger seine Schuldverschreibungen 
durch schriftliche Mitteilung an die Emittentin, 
die 
bei 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
abzugeben 
ist, 
kündigen, 
woraufhin seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen, ohne weitere Handlungen 
oder Formalitäten fällig werden: 
(a) 
If any of the events below occurs and is 
continuing than any Note may, by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or, alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, be 
declared due and payable, whereupon such Note 
will become immediately due and payable at 
their Specified Denomination together with 
accrued interest without further action or 
formality: 
 
 
(i) 
Nichtzahlung.  Die Emittentin zahlt 
Zinsbeträge 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
(i) 
Non-payment.  Failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes within 30 business days of 
the due date for payment of that 
amount; or 
 
 
(ii) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher 
Verpflichtungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
unterlässt 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
die 
Unterlassung dauert länger als 30 Tage 
fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
(ii) 
Non-fulfilment 
of 
other 
material 
obligations.  The Issuer fails to duly 
perform any other material obligation 
arising under the Notes and any such 
failure continues for more than 30 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
(iii) 
Cross Acceleration.  Eine (nicht im 
Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
wird 
infolge 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds (unabhängig von 
der 
Bezeichnung) 
vor 
ihrer 
festgelegten 
Fälligkeit 
fällig 
und 
zahlbar (sei es durch Kündigung, 
automatische vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Any 
Capital 
Market Indebtedness of the Issuer 
(other than under the Notes) becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity (whether by declaration, 
automatic acceleration or otherwise) as 
a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described), provided that 
the aggregate amount of Capital 
Market Indebtedness amounts to at

--- Page 48 ---
48 
oder auf andere Weise) mit der 
Maßgabe, dass der Gesamtbetrag der 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
mindestens EUR 100.000.000 (oder 
den Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung) beträgt; oder 
least 
EUR 100,000,000 
(or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies); or 
 
(iv) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(iv) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt 
oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein, 
oder 
(A) 
the 
Issuer 
announces 
its 
inability to meet its financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
or 
suspends payments; or 
 
 
(B) 
ein 
Gericht 
eröffnet 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin; oder 
(B) 
a court opens insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer; or  
 
 
(C) 
die Emittentin geht in die 
Liquidation 
oder 
wird 
abgewickelt oder aufgelöst 
(sofern dies nicht für die 
Zwecke oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer 
Umstrukturierung 
oder 
Sanierung geschieht, bei dem 
bzw. der die Emittentin noch 
zahlungsfähig ist und bei dem 
bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin übernimmt). 
(C) 
the Issuer enters into a 
winding up or dissolution and 
liquidation (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation 
or 
restructuring 
whilst 
solvent, where the continuing 
entity assumes substantially 
all 
of 
the 
assets 
and 
obligations of the Issuer). 
 
 
(b) 
Quorum.  In den Fällen von § 8(a)(i) bis (iv) 
wird eine Kündigung erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Anleihegläubigern von Schuldverschreibungen 
im Nennbetrag von mindestens 25 % der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. Die Wirkung einer solchen 
Kündigung entfällt, wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
dies binnen drei Monaten mit Mehrheit 
beschließen. Für den Beschluss über die 
Unwirksamkeit der Kündigung genügt die 
einfache Mehrheit der Stimmrechte, es müssen 
aber in jedem Fall mehr Anleihegläubiger 
zustimmen als gekündigt haben. 
(b) 
Quorum.  In the events specified in § 8(a)(i) to 
(iv), any notice declaring Notes due shall 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent 
has received such notices from the Noteholders 
of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. Any such termination 
shall become ineffective if within three months 
the majority of the Noteholders so resolve. The 
resolution in relation to the ineffectiveness of a 
termination may be passed by simple majority 
of the voting rights, provided, however, that in 
each case there must be more Noteholders 
consenting to such resolution than Noteholders 
having terminated the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
Berechnungsstelle] 
§ 9 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
[and 
Calculation Agent] 
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle.  Die 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] sind nachstehend mit den 
benannten 
anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen 
aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, specified office.  The Fiscal Agent 
[,][and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] and their respective initial specified 
offices are as follows: 
 
 
"Emissionsstelle" und "Zahlstelle":  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent":  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
 
["Berechnungsstelle": 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London EC2A 4EB 
Vereinigtes Königreich]] 
["Calculation Agent": 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
30 Crown Place 
London EC2A 4EB 
United Kingdom]]

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.  Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam mit der 
vorgenannten Zahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und 
jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen.  
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint 
additional paying agents (together with the 
Paying Agent specified above, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent").  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht vor, 
die Ernennung der Emissionsstelle [,][und] der 
Zahlstellen 
[und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle] 
jederzeit anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent [,][and] any Paying Agent [and the 
Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass jederzeit 
(i) 
eine 
Emissionsstelle 
[und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle], (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit einer 
Geschäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so lange die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäftsstelle 
an 
dem 
von 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
bestimmt 
ist. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] etwaige Zahlstellen 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils 
benannten 
Geschäftsstelle 
eine 
andere 
Geschäftsstelle im selben Land zu bestimmen. 
Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich 
aller 
Veränderungen 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
etwaige 
Zahlstellen 
erfolgen unverzüglich durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 11. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent [and a Calculation Agent] (ii) a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in a continental 
European city and (iii) so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the 
Issuer, a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such city as may be required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. The Fiscal Agent 
[,][and] any Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] reserve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to some other 
specified office in the same country. Notice of 
all changes in the identities or specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent will be 
given promptly by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin.  Die 
Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich 
als Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und dem 
Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent [,][and] 
any Paying Agent(s) [and the Calculation 
Agent] act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for the 
Noteholder. 
 
 
Die Emissionsstelle [,][und] die Zahlstelle(n) 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] können den Rat 
eines oder mehrerer Rechtsanwälte oder anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Die Emissionsstelle 
[,][und] 
die 
Zahlstelle(n) 
[und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle] übernehmen keine Haftung 
gegenüber 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
im 
Zusammenhang mit Handlungen, die in gutem 
Glauben im Einklang mit einer solchen 
Beratung getätigt, unterlassen oder geduldet 
wurden. 
The Fiscal Agent [,][and] the Paying Agent(s) 
[and the Calculation Agent] may engage the 
advice or services of any lawyers or other 
experts whose advice or services it deems 
necessary and may rely upon any advice so 
obtained. Neither the Fiscal Agent nor the 
Paying Agent [nor the Calculation Agent] will 
incur any liability as against the Noteholders in 
respect of any action taken, or not taken, or 
suffered to be taken, or not taken, in accordance 
with such advice in good faith. 
 
 
§ 10 
Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 10 
Substitution 
 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, eine andere 
Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird ("Verbundene 
Unternehmen", wie in § 15 AktG definiert), als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emittentin 
an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, substitute for the Issuer any 
other company which is directly or indirectly 
controlled 
by 
the 
Issuer 
("Affiliated 
Companies", as defined in Section 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act –Aktiengesetz), as new 
issuer (the "New Issuer") in respect of all 
obligations arising under or in connection with 
the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer 
of all such obligations, if: 
 
 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt 
und, sofern eine Zustellung an die Neue 
Emittentin 
außerhalb 
der 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New 
Issuer would have to be effected 
outside the Federal Republic of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland erfolgen 
müsste, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
Germany, appoints a process agent 
within 
the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany; 
 
(ii) 
die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin 
sämtliche für die Schuldnerersetzung 
und die Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten haben; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have 
obtained 
all 
authorisations 
and 
approvals necessary for the substitution 
and the fulfilment of the obligations 
arising under or in connection with the 
Notes; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung der aufgrund 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
oder 
die 
Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, und zwar 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstigen 
Abgaben 
jedweder Art, die von dem Land (oder 
den Ländern), in dem (in denen) die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, erhoben oder 
eingezogen werden; 
(iii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or to the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withholding any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence all amounts required for the 
performance 
of 
the 
payment 
obligations 
arising 
from 
or 
in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
 
(iv) 
die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde; 
(iv) 
the 
Issuer 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably 
guarantees 
such 
obligations of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that each 
Noteholder will be put in an economic 
position that is at least as favourable as 
that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place; 
 
 
(v) 
die Neue Emittentin sich verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
die einem Anleihegläubiger bezüglich 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
(v) 
the New Issuer has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such 
Noteholder 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
substitution; and 
 
 
(vi) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, 
welche 
bestätigen, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (v) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(vi) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (i) to (v) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche auf die Neue 
Emittentin. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant 
to § 10(a), any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin nur auf die Covestro AG 
erfolgen 
soll, 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin 
und gleichzeitig auch auf die Covestro 
AG, 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
deren 
Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the 
meaning and purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a 
reference only to Covestro AG, or that 
the reference shall be to the New Issuer 
and Covestro AG, in relation to 
Covestro AG's obligations under the 
guarantee pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) at the 
same time. 
 
 
(ii) 
In 
§ 8 
gilt 
ein 
weiterer 
Kündigungsgrund als aufgenommen, 
der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default shall be 
deemed to have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in the case 
that 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
§ 10(a)(iv) is determined by the final

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Gerichts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wird, oder die Garantin 
einen 
Mangel 
der 
Wirksamkeit 
behauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen 
behoben wird. 
decision of a competent court or is 
claimed by the guarantor not to be in 
full force and effect and such defect is 
not corrected within ten business days. 
 
§ 11 
Bekanntmachungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei- 
bungen, die 
an der  
Luxem- 
burger Börse 
notiert sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffen, 
werden (solange die Schuldverschreibungen am 
geregelten 
Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zum Handel zugelassen sind) 
auf der Internet-Seite der Luxemburger Börse 
(derzeit unter www.bourse.lu) veröffentlicht. 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All notices regarding the Notes 
will be published (so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(currently on www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
become effective for all purposes on the date of 
the first such publication. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
the following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  Solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert sind, findet § 11(a) Anwendung. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach § 11(a) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt. 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System.  So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 11(a) shall apply. If the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in § 11(a) above; any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuld- 
verschrei-
bungen, die 
nicht auf 
Veranlas-
sung der 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist  
folgendes  
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
(a) 
Notification to Clearing System.  The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are not listed 
at the  
initiative of 
the Issuer, 
the following 
applies: 
 
[(b)][(c)] Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers.  Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger gemacht 
werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß 
§ 13(c)(a) an die Emissionsstelle geleitet 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearingsystem in der von der Emissionsstelle 
und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
[(b)][(c)] Notices by a Noteholder.  Notices to be given 
by any Noteholder shall be made in written form 
together with an evidence of the Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 13(c)(a) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through 
the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 12 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 12 
Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
wie 
die 
vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
begeben, so dass sie mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. Der Begriff "Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen weiteren Begebung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders to issue additional notes 
with identical terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the date of issue, the 
interest commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
to be consolidated and form a single series with such 
Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such 
further issue, also comprise such further notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort und 
Gerichtsstand  
§ 13 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and 
Jurisdiction 
 
 
(a) 
Geltendes 
Recht.  Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich daraus 
ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen 
sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(a) 
Applicable law.  The form and content of the 
Notes as well as all the rights and duties arising 
therefrom are governed exclusively by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand.  Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(das 
"SchVG"), 
ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
Frankfurt am Main. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction.  Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), non-
exclusive court of venue for all litigation with 
the Issuer arising from the legal relations 
established in these Terms and Conditions is 
Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß 
§ 9 Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, 
in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
Für Entscheidungen über die Anfechtung von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß 
§ 20 Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht 
ausschließlich zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district 
where the Issuer has its registered office will 
have jurisdiction for all judgments pursuant to 
§ 9(2), 
§ 13(3) 
and 
§ 18(2) 
SchVG 
in 
accordance with § 9(3) SchVG. The regional 
court (Landgericht) in the district where the 
Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested 
resolutions 
by 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung.  Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger kann in Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
gegen die Emittentin im eigenen Namen seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
ihm 
zustehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen geltend machen unter 
Vorlage der folgenden Dokumente: (a) einer 
Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank, die (i) den 
vollen Namen und die volle Anschrift des 
Anleihegläubigers 
bezeichnet, 
(ii) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
angibt, 
die 
am 
Ausstellungstag 
dieser 
Bescheinigung dem bei dieser Depotbank 
bestehenden Depot dieses Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (iii) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank dem Clearingsystem und der 
Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
zugeleitet hat, die die Angaben gemäß (i) und 
(ii) enthält und Bestätigungsvermerke des 
Clearingsystems 
sowie 
des 
jeweiligen 
Clearingsystem-Kontoinhabers trägt, sowie (b) 
einer von einem Vertretungsberechtigten des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
bestätigten Ablichtung der Globalurkunde. 
(c) 
Enforcement.  Any Noteholder may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
its 
Notes 
by 
submitting 
the 
following 
documents: (a) a certificate issued by its 
depositary bank (i) stating the full name and 
address of the Noteholder, (ii) specifying an 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited on 
the date of such certificate to such Noteholder's 
securities account maintained with such 
depositary bank and (iii) confirming that the 
depositary bank has given a written notice to the 
Clearing System as well as to the Fiscal Agent 
containing the information pursuant to (i) and 
(ii) and bearing acknowledgements of the 
Clearing System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder as well as (b) a copy of 
the Global Bond certified by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent as being a true copy. 
 
 
§ 14 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
§ 14 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions; 
Joint Representative  
 
(a) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen.  Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen mit 
Zustimmung aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der 
Emittentin scheidet aus. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  The 
Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. There will be no amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions without the Issuer's 
consent. 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, die in 
§ 10 abschließend geregelt ist, mit den in dem 
nachstehenden § 14(b) genannten Mehrheiten 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, 
including such measures as provided for under 
§ 5(3) of the SchVG, but excluding a 
substitution of the Issuer, which is exclusively 
subject to the provisions in § 10, by resolutions

--- Page 53 ---
53 
zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Anleihegläubiger 
verbindlich. 
passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Noteholders as stated under § 14(b) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution will be binding 
upon all Noteholders. 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse.  Vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
mit 
der 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht 
ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens 
gehalten 
werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements.  Except as provided by 
the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). The voting right is suspended as 
long as any Notes are attributable to the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse.  Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der 
Emittentin oder einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions.  Resolutions of the Noteholders 
will be made either in a Noteholders' meeting in 
accordance with § 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with § 14(c)(ii), in 
either case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any.  
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversammlung 
werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden in der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben.  
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made in 
accordance with § 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide the 
further 
details 
relating 
to 
the 
resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well 
as the proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the agenda of 
the meeting.  
 
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
werden 
nach 
§ 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter regelt die weiteren 
Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a voting not requiring a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) 
will 
be 
made in 
accordance § 18 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting as submitted by the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
will 
provide the further details relating to 
the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders together 
with the request for voting. 
 
 
(d) 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung.  Wird 
die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als 
zweite Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des 
§ 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(d) 
Second noteholders' meeting. If it is ascertained 
that no quorum exists for the vote without 
meeting pursuant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a meeting, 
which shall be deemed to be a second meeting 
within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung.  Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss 
bis 
zum 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung (wie in § 14(c)(i) oder 
§ 14(d) beschrieben) bzw. vor dem Beginn des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
im 
Falle 
einer 
(e) 
Registration.  The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the address 
stated in the request for voting no later than the 
third day prior to the meeting in the case of a 
Noteholders' meeting (as described in § 14(c)(i) 
or § 14(d)) or the beginning of the voting period 
in the case of voting not requiring a physical

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung (wie in 
§ 14(c)(ii) beschrieben) unter der in der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen 
mit 
der 
Anmeldung müssen Anleihegläubiger den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in 
Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks 
der Depotbank erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für 
den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
bzw. 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragen werden können. 
meeting (as described in § 14(c)(ii)), as the case 
may be. As part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate 
in the vote by means of a special confirmation 
of their respective depositary bank hereof in text 
form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the depositary bank stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been sent 
until and including the stated end of the meeting 
or day the voting period ends, as the case may 
be. 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter.  Die Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die 
Bestellung und Abberufung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
auf 
den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn 
er 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen gemäß 
§ 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint representative.  The Noteholders may by 
majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the duties 
and responsibilities and the powers of such joint 
representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint representative. 
Appointment of a joint representative may only 
be passed by a Qualified Majority if such joint 
representative is to be authorised to consent to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions in accordance with § 14(a) 
hereof. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die 
Weisungen 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The joint representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolutions of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the joint representative has been authorised 
to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for 
in the relevant majority resolution. The joint 
representative shall provide reports to the 
Noteholders on its activities. The regulations of 
the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the joint 
representative. 
 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf 
das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negligence 
(grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint representative's 
liability shall be limited to ten times the amount 
of its annual remuneration. 
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen.  Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen gemäß den 
§§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 11. 
(g) 
Notices.  Any notices concerning this § 14 will 
be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG and § 11. 
 
 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
 
Falls die  
Anleihe-
bedingungen 
in deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung 
in die 
englische 
Sprache  
abgefasst 
sind, ist  
folgendes  
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only. 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in 
the  
German  
language 
with an  
English  
language 
translation, 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only. 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in 
the  
English  
language 
only, the  
following  
applies:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
OPTION II 
Anleihebedingungen für  
variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
OPTION II 
Terms and Conditions that apply to  
Floating Rate Notes 
 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
 
(a) 
Währung; 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.  Die 
Covestro AG, Leverkusen (die "Emittentin") 
begibt 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
in 
[Festgelegte 
Währung] (die "Festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag von [Festgelegte Währung] 
[Betrag], eingeteilt in Schuldverschreibungen in 
der festgelegten Stückelung von je [Festgelegte 
Währung] 
[Betrag] 
(die 
"Festgelegte 
Stückelung").  
(a) 
Currency; Specified Denomination.  The Notes 
are issued by Covestro AG, Leverkusen (the 
"Issuer") 
in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified Currency"), in the aggregate 
principal amount of [Specified Currency] 
[amount], divided into notes in the specified 
denomination of [Specified Currency] [amount] 
(the "Specified Denomination") each (the 
"Notes").  
 
 
(b) 
Form.  Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
(b) 
Form.  The Notes are issued in bearer form. 
 
 
(c) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch.  Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind zunächst in einer 
vorläufigen Globalurkunde (die "Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
(c) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  The Notes 
are initially represented by a temporary global 
Note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
interest coupons. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird insgesamt 
oder teilweise und unentgeltlich am oder nach 
dem Tag, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
frühestens jedoch 40 Tage nach dem Tag des 
Beginns des Angebots liegt, gegen Nachweis 
über das Nichtbestehen wirtschaftlichen U.S.-
Eigentums im Sinne des U.S.-Rechts (non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership) in der in der Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde vorgesehenen Form, für den 
Inhaber von Schuldverschreibungen gegen eine 
dauerhafte 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauer-
Globalurkunde") 
(die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde und die Dauer-Globalurkunde 
jeweils auch eine "Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine ausgetauscht. Ein Recht der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auf Ausgabe und Lieferung von Einzelurkunden 
oder Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part and free of 
charge, on or after the day that is 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the date of issue of the Notes for a 
permanent global Note (the "Permanent 
Global Note") (the Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note, each a "Global 
Note") 
without 
interest 
coupons 
upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
in the form set out in the Temporary Global 
Note. The right of the Noteholders (as defined 
below) to require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is excluded. 
 
 
(d) 
Clearingsystem.  Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
und die Dauer-Globalurkunde werden solange 
von einem Clearingsystem oder im Auftrag 
eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(d) 
Clearing System.  Each of the Temporary 
Global Note and the Permanent Global Note 
will be held in custody by or on behalf of a 
Clearing System until all obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes have been satisfied. 
 
 
"Clearingsystem" bezeichnet [bei mehr als 
einem 
Clearing 
System 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 
Eschborn, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] 
[,] 
[und] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, ("Clearstream, Luxemburg")] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du 
Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brüssel, 
Belgien, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen 
die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
"Clearing System" means [if more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, 
Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany 
("Clearstream, 
Frankfurt")] [,] [and] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., 
42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg")] 
[and] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert 
II, 
1210 
Brussels, 
Belgium, 
("Euroclear")] [(Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the 
"ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die  
in Form  
einer 
Classical 
Global Note 
ausgegeben  
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle. 
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent. 
In the case of 
Notes  
intended to 
be issued in 
the Classical 
Global Note 
form, the  
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
in Form  
einer New 
Global Note 
ausgegeben 
werden, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer New Global Note ("NGN") ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einem 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrer (common safekeeper) im 
Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The Notes are issued in new global note 
("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
In the case of 
Notes  
intended to 
be issued in 
the New 
Global Note 
form, the  
following  
applies: 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils 
in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter 
denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD 
für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils 
an den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger 
Nachweis 
über 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist ein 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in 
the records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customers' interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount 
of 
Notes 
represented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD stating 
the principal amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder einer Zinszahlung 
bezüglich 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei 
Kauf 
und 
Entwertung 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin 
sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung, 
Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag 
der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften und 
entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen 
wird. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any 
of the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of 
the Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 
Bei Austausch eines Anteils von ausschließlich 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses 
Austauschs 
pro 
rata 
in 
die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden. 
On an exchange of a portion only of the Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the ICSDs. 
 
 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauer-
Globalurkunde tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
Vertretungsberechtigten der Emittentin sowie 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
Kontrollbeauftragten der Emissionsstelle und 
die 
eigenhändige 
Unterschrift 
eines 
bevollmächtigten Vertreters des gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierverwahrers.  
The Temporary Global Note and the Permanent 
Global Note shall each bear the manual 
signatures of two duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer as well as the manual signature of an 
authentication officer of the Fiscal Agent and 
the manual signature of an authorised officer of 
the common safekeeper. 
 
 
(e) 
Anleihegläubiger.  Den 
Inhabern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen ("Anleihegläubiger") 
stehen Miteigentumsanteile oder vergleichbare 
andere Rechte an der Globalurkunde zu, die 
(e) 
Noteholders.  The 
holders 
of 
Notes 
("Noteholders") are entitled to co-ownership 
participations or other comparable rights in the 
Global Note, which are transferable in

--- Page 58 ---
58 
gemäß 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
und 
den 
Bestimmungen und Regeln des Clearingsystems 
übertragen werden können. 
accordance with applicable laws and the rules 
and regulations of the Clearing System. 
 
§ 2 
Status und Negativerklärung 
§ 2 
Status and Negative Pledge 
 
(a) 
Status.  Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander und mit allen anderen nicht 
besicherten 
und 
nicht 
nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin zumindest 
gleichrangig sind, soweit zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen nichts anderes vorschreiben. 
(a) 
Status.  The obligations under the Notes 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and at least pari passu with 
all 
other 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for any 
obligations required to be preferred by law. 
 
(b) 
Negativerklärung.  Die Emittentin verpflichtet 
sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge 
an 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, für Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
oder 
Schuldscheindarlehen nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen kein 
dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht 
("Sicherungsrecht") am eigenen Vermögen zu 
bestellen, ohne die Anleihegläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an einem 
solchen Sicherungsrecht teilhaben zu lassen, mit 
der Maßgabe, dass diese Verpflichtung keine 
Anwendung 
findet, 
falls 
die 
Emittentin 
Sicherungsrechte 
folgender 
Art 
bestellt, 
übernimmt oder bestehen lässt: 
(b) 
Negative pledge.  The Issuer undertakes, as long 
as Notes are outstanding but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have been 
provided to the Fiscal Agent, not to provide after 
the issue date of the Notes any security interest 
in rem ("Security Interest") upon its assets for 
any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined 
below) or Schuldscheinloans without at the 
same time letting the Noteholders share pari 
passu in such Security Interest; provided, 
however, that this undertaking shall not be 
applicable in the event the Issuer shall create, 
assume or suffer to exist Security Interests of the 
following character: 
 
 
(i) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
auf 
einem 
Vermögensgegenstand zum Zeitpunkt 
des Erwerbs durch die Emittentin 
lasten; 
(i) 
any Security Interest existing on 
property at the time of the acquisition 
thereof by the Issuer; 
 
 
(ii) 
Sicherungsrechte, 
die 
nach 
anwendbarem 
Recht 
zwingend 
vorgeschrieben 
sind 
oder 
Voraussetzung für die Gewährung 
staatlicher Genehmigungen sind; und 
(ii) 
any 
Security 
Interest 
which 
is 
mandatory according to applicable 
laws or required as prerequisite for 
governmental approvals; and 
 
 
In Bezug auf von der Emittentin begebene asset-
backed Emissionen, schließen die im ersten Satz 
dieses § 2(b) benutzten Worte "Vermögen", 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" 
und 
"Schuldscheindarlehen" 
nicht 
Vermögensgegenstände, 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
und 
Schuldscheindarlehen der Emittentin ein, 
In respect of asset-backed securitizations 
originated by the Issuer, the expressions 
"assets", "Capital Market Indebtedness" and 
"Schuldscheinloans" as used in the first sentence 
of this § 2(b) do not include assets, Capital 
Market Indebtedness and Schuldscheinloans of 
the Issuer 
 
 
(i) 
solange das Vermögen, das derartige 
Emissionen 
deckt, 
zusammen 
€1.000.000.000 nicht übersteigt; oder 
(i) 
if 
the 
assets 
backing 
such 
securitizations do not in aggregate 
exceed €1,000,000,000; or 
 
 
(ii) 
die im Einklang mit den Gesetzen und 
den International Financial Reporting 
Standards, 
wie 
sie 
in 
der 
EU 
anzuwenden sind, ("IFRS") nicht in 
der Bilanz der Emittentin ausgewiesen 
werden müssen und darin auch nicht 
ausgewiesen werden. 
(ii) 
which, pursuant to the requirements of 
law 
and 
International 
Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union ("IFRS"), need not, 
and are not, reflected in the Issuer's 
balance sheet. 
 
 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten" 
bedeutet 
jede 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommer Gelder in der Form von oder 
verbrieft durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
ähnliche(n) 
Wertpapiere(n) 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr, die an einer Wertpapierbörse oder in einem 
over-the-counter 
Wertpapiermarkt 
notiert, 
eingeführt oder gehandelt werden oder dort 
notiert, eingeführt oder gehandelt werden 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" shall mean 
any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money represented by bonds, notes, debentures 
or any similar securities which are or are capable 
of being quoted, listed or traded on any stock 
exchange or over-the-counter securities market 
or which are otherwise publicly traded or 
intended to be publicly traded, having an 
original maturity of more than one year.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
können 
oder 
die 
anderweitig 
öffentlich 
gehandelt werden oder gehandelt werden sollen. 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
 
(a) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
 
(i) 
Jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
wird 
bezogen 
auf 
ihre 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und 
danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) mit einem jährlichen 
Satz, 
der 
dem 
Zinssatz 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
entspricht, 
verzinst. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich 
an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. Der 
zahlbare Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(c) 
berechnet. 
(i) 
Each Note bears interest on its 
Specified Denomination at the rate per 
annum equal to the Rate of Interest 
from and including [insert Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest 
Commencement 
Date") 
to 
but 
excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next following Interest 
Payment Date. Interest on the Notes 
will be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3(c). 
 
 
(ii) 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet, 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Geschäftstagekonvention, 
(ii) 
"Interest Payment Date" means, 
subject 
to 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention, 
 
Im Fall von 
Festgelegten 
Zins- 
zahlungs- 
tagen gilt  
folgendes: 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] eines jeden Jahres. 
[insert Specified Interest Payment 
Dates] in each year. 
In the case of 
Specified  
Interest  
Payment 
Dates insert: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Festgelegten 
Zinsperioden 
gilt 
folgendes: 
(soweit 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen 
keine abweichenden Bestimmungen 
vorsehen) jeweils den Tag, der [Zahl 
einfügen] [Wochen] [Monate] nach 
dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag, 
oder 
im 
Fall 
des 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstages, 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt. 
each date which (except as otherwise 
provided 
in 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions) falls 
[insert number] 
[weeks] [months] after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
In the case of 
Specified  
Interest  
Periods  
insert: 
 
(iii) 
"Geschäftstagekonvention" hat die 
folgende 
Bedeutung: 
Fällt 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
ist, 
so 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ii) 
"Business Day Convention" has the 
following meaning: If any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), the Interest Payment 
Date shall be 
 
Im Fall der 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted) 
gilt 
folgendes: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the case of 
Modified 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
FRN-
Konvention  
(adjusted) 
gilt 
folgendes: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall 
(i) wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist 
jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag 
der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, in den dieser gefallen wäre, 
hätte es die Verschiebung nicht 
gegeben. 
postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) the Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment. 
In the case of 
FRN  
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted) 
gilt 
folgendes: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben. 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day. 
In the case of 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted) 
gilt 
folgendes: 
auf den unmittelbar vorausgehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen. 
the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
In the case of 
Preceding 
Business Day 
Convention 
(adjusted), 
the following 
applies: 
 
(iv) 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
(iv) 
"Business Day" means a day which is 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
Euro ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
(i) das 
Clearingsystem 
und 
(ii) alle 
betroffenen 
Bereiche 
des 
Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 2 
(TARGET) 
geöffnet 
sind, 
um 
Zahlungen abzuwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) the Clearing 
System and (ii) all relevant parts of the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) are open to effect 
payments. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency is 
Euro, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Festgelegte 
Währung 
nicht Euro 
ist, gilt  
folgendes: 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem (i) Geschäftsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte in [sämtliche 
relevanten Finanzzentren einfügen] 
und 
(ii) das 
Clearingsystem 
für 
Geschäfte 
geöffnet 
sind 
bzw. 
Zahlungen abwickeln. 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which both (i) commercial 
banks and (ii) the Clearing System are 
generally open for business and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in 
[insert all relevant financial centres]. 
If the 
Specified 
Currency is 
not Euro, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Zinssatz.  Der "Zinssatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
(wie nachstehend definiert) ist der Zinssatz per 
annum, der dem Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie nachstehend definiert)] entspricht, wobei 
der Zinssatz mindestens 0,00 % per annum 
beträgt.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest.  The "Rate of Interest" for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will be a 
rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate (as 
defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], subject to a minimum of 
0.00 per cent. per annum.  
 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle bestimmt an jedem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
den 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatz nach Maßgabe dieses § 3(b). 
The Calculation Agent will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(b) on each Interest Determination Date. 
 
 
Der "Referenzsatz" für jede Zinsperiode 
The "Reference Rate" for each Interest Period 
will be, 
 
 
(i) 
entspricht, solange kein Benchmark-
Ereignis (wie in § 3(e) definiert) 
eingetreten ist, 
(i) 
as long as no Benchmark Event (as 
defined in § 3(e)) has occurred, 
 
 
(A) 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(A) 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date; or 
 
 
(B) 
falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zeitpunkt 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nicht auf 
der Bildschirmseite angezeigt 
wird, aber kein Benchmark-
Ereignis eingetreten ist, dem 
Referenzbankensatz 
an 
diesem Zinsfestsetzungstag. 
(B) 
if the Original Benchmark 
Rate does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such time on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, but no 
Benchmark 
Event 
has 
occurred, the Reference Bank 
Rate 
on 
that 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
 
Falls der Referenzbankensatz nicht 
gemäß der Definition dieses Begriffs 
 
If the Reference Bank Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
festgestellt werden kann, aber kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, ist 
der "Referenzsatz" der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz auf der Bildschirmseite 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, an dem dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt wurde; und  
definition of such term, but no 
Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
"Reference Rate" shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Screen Page on 
the last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which such 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
was 
displayed; and  
 
(ii) 
wird, wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, für jede Zinsperiode, 
die an oder nach dem Stichtag (wie in 
§ 3(e)(vii) definiert) beginnt, gemäß 
§ 3(e) bestimmt. 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Event has occurred, 
determined in accordance with § 3(e) 
for each Interest Period commencing 
on or after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(e)(vii)). 
 
 
[Die "Marge" beträgt [Zahl einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
["Margin" means [insert number] per cent. per 
annum.] 
 
 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) sowie 
jeden 
folgenden 
Zeitraum 
ab 
einem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils darauf 
folgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period from and including 
an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
"Ursprünglicher Benchmarksatz" an einem 
Tag ist die um 11:00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) 
gefixte und auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigte 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) 
an diesem Tag. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" on any day means 
the [1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-months Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) fixed at, and appearing on, the Screen 
Page as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on such 
day. 
 
 
"Referenzbankensatz" bezeichnet den (als 
Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückten) Satz für 
Einlagen in Euro für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
und über einen Repräsentativen Betrag (auf 
Grundlage des Actual/360 Zinstagequotienten), 
den die Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegenüber führenden Banken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 
Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag quotieren, und der wie folgt 
bestimmt wird: Die Emittentin wird jede 
Referenzbank bitten, der Berechnungsstelle 
ihren Angebotssatz mitzuteilen. Falls zwei oder 
mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
Angebotssätze 
nennen, 
ist 
der 
Referenzsatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste tausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) dieser 
Angebotssätze, wobei alle Feststellungen durch 
die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.  
"Reference Bank Rate" means the rate 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
which the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
offer to prime banks in the Euro-Zone interbank 
market and in a Representative Amount, 
assuming an Actual/360 day count basis, 
deposits in Euro at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest 
Period determined as follows: The Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Reference 
Rate for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Falls an dem betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle die im vorstehenden Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der 
Referenzbankensatz 
für 
die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel 
(falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) der Sätze ermittelt, die von 
der Emittentin ausgewählte Großbanken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone um ca. 11:00 
Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) der Berechnungsstelle 
auf Bitte der Emittentin als den jeweiligen Satz 
nennen, zu dem sie an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag Darlehen in Euro für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
und 
über 
einen 
Repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden 
europäischen Banken anbieten. 
If on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Reference Bank Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) at the 
request of the Issuer to the Calculation Agent by 
major banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market, 
selected by the Issuer, at which such banks offer, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
loans in Euro for the relevant Interest Period and 
in a Representative Amount to leading European 
banks. 
 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder eine andere 
Bildschirmseite von Reuters oder von einem 
anderen Informationsanbieter als Nachfolger, 
welche 
die 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 ersetzt. 
"Screen Page" means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or such other screen page of 
Reuters or such other information service which 
is the successor to the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01. 
 
 
"Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992) und den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. 
Oktober 1997, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, 
eine einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben 
oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of 
those member states of the European Union that 
have adopted, or will have adopted from time to 
time, the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) and 
the Amsterdam Treaty of 2 October 1997, as 
further amended from time to time. 
 
 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Hauptniederlassungen 
von 
vier 
von 
der 
Emittentin ausgewählten großen Banken im 
Interbankenmarkt der Euro-Zone. 
"Reference Banks" means the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
"Repräsentativer Betrag" bezeichnet einen 
Betrag, der zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt in 
dem jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne 
Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
 
"TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem das Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system 2 (TARGET) betriebsbereit ist. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross settlement Express Transfer system 
2 (TARGET) is operating. 
 
 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten 
TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
Beginn 
der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the 
second TARGET Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls ein 
kurzer oder 
langer  
[erster]  
[letzter]  
Kupon  
vorliegt, gilt 
folgendes: 
Für die [erste][letzte] Zinsperiode legt die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Referenzsatz 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
in 
kaufmännisch 
vernünftiger Weise durch lineare Interpolation 
zwischen zwei Referenzsätzen fest, von denen 
der eine Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum zu 
bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und der der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode 
am nächsten kommt, aber kürzer als diese ist 
und der andere Referenzsatz für einen Zeitraum 
zu bestimmen ist, für den es einen dem 
Referenzsatz vergleichbaren Referenzsatz gibt 
und der der Länge der anwendbaren Zinsperiode 
am nächsten kommt, aber länger als diese ist. 
In respect of the [first][last] Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date in a commercially reasonably manner 
using the straight-line interpolation by reference 
to two reference rates, one of which shall be 
determined for a term for which a reference rate 
similar to the Reference Rate is available and 
which is next closest to but shorter than the 
applicable Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined for a term for which a 
reference rate similar to the Reference Rate is 
available and which is next closest to but longer 
than the applicable Interest Period. 
If a 
short/long 
[first] [last] 
coupon is  
applicable 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Zinsbetrag.  Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu 
oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
fälligen 
Zinsbetrag 
bezogen auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung (der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird 
ermittelt, 
indem 
der 
Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) 
auf jede Festgelegten Stückelung angewendet 
werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag [falls 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist einfügen: 
auf den nächsten 0,01 Euro auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,005 Euro aufgerundet werden.] 
[falls die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, 
einfügen: 
auf 
die 
kleinste 
Einheit 
der 
Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden.] 
(c) 
Interest Amount.  The Calculation Agent will, 
on or as soon as practicable after each date at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of 
each Specified Denomination for the relevant 
Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below) to 
each Specified Denomination and rounding the 
resulting figure [if the Specified Currency is 
Euro insert: to the nearest 0.01 Euro, 0.005 
Euro being rounded upwards.] [if the Specified 
Currency is not Euro insert: to the nearest 
minimum unit of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards.]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
bei 
der 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinsbetrages 
für 
einen 
beliebigen Zeitraum (ab dem ersten Tag dieses 
Zeitraums (einschließlich) bis zum letzten Tag 
dieses Zeitraums (ausschließlich)) (unabhängig 
davon, ob es sich dabei um eine Zinsperiode 
handelt, der "Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the 
calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the 
first day of such period to but excluding the last 
day of such period) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual /  
Actual 
(ISDA)"  
Methode  
anwendbar 
ist, gilt  
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
dem 
Teil 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die in das Schaltjahr 
fallen, dividiert durch 366 und (B) die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage in dem Teil des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, die nicht in ein 
Schaltjahr fallen, dividiert durch 365). 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period not 
falling in a leap year divided by 365). 
If "Actual / 
Actual 
(ISDA)"  
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 365 
(Fixed)"  
Methode  
anwendbar 
ist, gilt  
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365. 
If "Actual / 
365 (Fixed)" 
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"Actual / 
360" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360. 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
If "Actual / 
360" applies, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30 / 360" 
oder "360 / 
360" oder 
Bond Basis 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, 
(wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf Grundlage eines 
Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten je 
30 Tagen zu berechnen ist, (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt 
auf den 31. Tag eines Monats, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums weder auf 
den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt; 
in diesem Fall ist der Monat des letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraums nicht als ein auf 
30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behandeln; oder 
(B) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar; in diesem Fall ist der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months (unless (A) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but 
the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
If "30 / 360" 
or "360 / 
360" or 
Bond Basis 
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Wenn die 
"30E / 360" 
oder 
"Eurobond 
Basis" 
Methode 
anwendbar 
ist, gilt 
folgendes: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes). 
the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months, without regard to the date of 
the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period). 
If "30E / 
360" or  
"Eurobond 
Basis"  
applies, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Mitteilungen.  Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der relevante Zinszahlungstag 
der Emittentin und den Anleihegläubigern durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 und jeder Börse, 
an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
(d) 
Notifications.  The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer and to the Noteholders by notice in 
accordance with § 11 and, if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes

--- Page 64 ---
64 
zu diesem Zeitpunkt auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
unverzüglich, aber keinesfalls später als zu 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt 
werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der 
mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag 
ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst 
(oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird 
umgehend allen maßgeblichen Börsen, an denen 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
auf Veranlassung der Emittentin notiert sind, 
sowie den Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 
mitgeteilt. 
are from time to time listed at the initiative of 
the Issuer, to such stock exchange, without 
undue delay, but in no event later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to any relevant stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed at the initiative of the Issuer 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
(e) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. 
(e) 
Benchmark Event. 
 
 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in Bezug auf 
den Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
betreffenden 
Referenzsatzes 
und 
die 
Verzinsung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 3(b) 
Folgendes: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
relevant 
Reference Rate and the interest on the Notes in 
accordance with § 3(b) will be determined as 
follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Unabhängiger Berater. Die Emittentin 
wird sich bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach Eintritt 
des Benchmark-Ereignisses und vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich ist, einen Unabhängigen 
Berater zu benennen, der einen Neuen 
Benchmarksatz (wie in § 3(e)(vi) 
definiert), die Anpassungsspanne (wie 
in § 3(e)(vi) definiert) und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
(gemäß 
§ 3(e)(iv)) festlegt. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser. The Issuer shall, 
as soon as this is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, 
endeavour to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, who will determine a New 
Benchmark Rate (as defined in 
§ 3(e)(vi)), the Adjustment Spread (as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(e)(vi)) 
and 
any 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance with § 3(e)(iv)). 
 
 
(ii) 
Ausweichsatz (fallback). Wenn vor 
dem 
10. 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(ii) 
Fallback rate. If, prior to the 10th 
Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernannt hat; oder 
(A) 
the Issuer has not appointed an 
Independent Adviser; or 
 
 
(B) 
der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz gemäß diesem 
§ 3(e) festgelegt hat, 
(B) 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined a New Benchmark 
Rate in accordance with this 
§ 3(e), 
 
 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
die nächste Zinsperiode dem an dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz. 
the Reference Rate applicable to the 
next Interest Period shall be the 
Original Benchmark Rate determined 
on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
 
 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(e)(ii) 
bestimmte Ausweichsatz (fallback) zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(e) erneut 
angewendet, um den Referenzsatz für 
die nächste nachfolgende (und, sofern 
notwendig, 
weitere 
nachfolgende) 
Zinsperiode(n) zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(e)(ii) is to be 
applied, § 3(e) will be operated again to 
determine 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the next subsequent (and, 
if required, further subsequent) Interest 
Period(s). 
 
 
(iii) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls der 
Unabhängige Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, 
(iii) 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If the 
Independent Adviser determines in its 
reasonable discretion that: 
 
 
(A) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz 
der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(A) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate, then such 
Successor Benchmark Rate 
shall subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate; or

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(B) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz der 
Neue Benchmarksatz. 
(B) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that there 
is an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate, then such Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate. 
 
 
In jedem dieser Fälle entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für die unmittelbar 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode und alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden dann dem (x) 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich (y) der Anpassungsspanne. 
In each such case the "Reference 
Rate" for the immediately following 
Interest Period and all following 
Interest Periods will then be (x) the 
New Benchmark Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus (y) 
the Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
(iv) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn ein 
Neuer 
Benchmarksatz 
und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(e) 
festgelegt 
werden, und wenn der Unabhängige 
Berater feststellt, dass Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig sind, 
um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes und der 
entsprechenden Anpassungsspanne zu 
gewährleisten (diese Änderungen, die 
"Benchmark-Änderungen"), 
dann 
wird der Unabhängige Berater die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen, 
und die Emittentin wird diese durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 3(e)(v) 
bekanntmachen. 
(iv) 
Benchmark 
Amendments. 
If 
any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread are 
determined in accordance with this 
§ 3(e), and if the Independent Adviser 
determines that amendments to these 
Terms and Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), then the Independent 
Adviser will determine the Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer will give 
notice thereof in accordance with 
§ 3(e)(v). 
 
 
Diese Benchmark-Änderungen können 
insbesondere folgende Regelungen in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments may 
include, 
without 
limitation, 
the 
following conditions of these Terms 
and Conditions: 
 
 
(A) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" 
und/oder 
die Methode zur Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) für den Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
des 
Referenzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
(A) 
the Reference Rate including 
the "Screen Page" and/or the 
method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the 
Reference Rate, including the 
Reference Bank Rate; and/or 
 
 
(B) 
die Definitionen der Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Geschäftstagekonvention", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
und/oder 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
(einschließlich der Festlegung 
ob der Referenzsatz vorwärts- 
oder 
rückwärtsgerichtet 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business Day", "Business 
Day Convention", "Interest 
Period", 
"Day 
Count 
Fraction", 
"Interest 
Determination Date" and/or 
"Interest 
Payment 
Date" 
(including the determination 
whether the Reference Rate 
will be determined on a 
forward 
looking 
or 
a 
backward 
looking 
basis); 
and/or 
 
 
(C) 
der 
Zahltag-Bestimmung 
gemäß § 5(d). 
(C) 
the payment business day 
condition in § 5(d). 
 
 
(v) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin wird 
einen 
Neuen Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(e) der Emissionsstelle, der 
Berechnungsstelle, den Zahlstellen und 
gemäß § 11 den Anleihegläubigern 
mitteilen, und zwar sobald eine solche 
Mitteilung 
(nach 
Ansicht 
der 
Emittentin) nach deren Feststellung 
(v) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify any 
New Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3(e) to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with § 11, the 
Noteholders 
as 
soon 
as 
such 
notification is (in the Issuer's view) 
required following the determination

--- Page 66 ---
66 
erforderlich ist, spätestens jedoch an 
dem 
10. Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag. Eine 
solche Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich 
und hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
thereof, but in any event not later than 
on the 10th Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the Effective Date. 
 
Der 
Neue 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, die jeweils in 
der Mitteilung benannt werden, sind 
für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, 
die Berechnungsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab dem 
Stichtag 
als 
durch 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsspanne und die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen geändert. 
The 
New Benchmark Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), each as specified 
in such notice, will be binding on the 
Issuer, 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. The Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to have 
been amended by the New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the Effective Date. 
 
 
Am Tag dieser Mitteilung hat die 
Emittentin der Emissionsstelle und der 
Berechnungsstelle eine durch zwei 
Unterschriftsberechtigte der Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zu 
übergeben, die 
On the date of such notice, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Calculation Agent a certificate signed 
by two authorized signatories of the 
Issuer: 
 
 
(A) 
 
(A) 
 
 
 
(I) 
bestätigt, dass 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(I) 
confirming 
that 
a 
Benchmark Event has 
occurred; 
 
 
(II) 
den nach Maßgabe 
der 
Bestimmungen 
dieses 
§ 3(e) 
festgestellten Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
benennt; 
(II) 
specifying 
the 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with the 
provisions 
of 
this 
§ 3(e); 
 
 
(III) 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
etwaige 
Benchmark-
Änderungen benennt, 
die 
jeweils 
nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 3(e) 
festgestellt 
wurden; und 
(III) 
specifying 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), 
each determined in 
accordance with the 
provisions 
of 
this 
§ 3(e); and 
 
 
(IV) 
den Stichtag benennt; 
und 
(IV) 
specifying 
the 
Effective Date; and 
 
 
(B) 
bestätigt, dass die etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen not-
wendig 
sind, 
um 
die 
ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsspanne 
zu 
gewährleisten. 
(B) 
confirming 
that 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if 
any, are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such 
relevant 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable 
Adjustment Spread. 
 
 
(vi) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
§ 3(e): 
(vi) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(e): 
 
 
Die "Anpassungsspanne", die positiv, 
negativ oder gleich Null sein kann, 
wird in Basispunkten ausgedrückt und 
bezeichnet entweder (a) die Spanne 
oder (b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der 
Formel 
oder 
Methode 
zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, die 
The "Adjustment Spread", which 
may be positive, negative or zero, will 
be expressed in basis points and means 
either (a) the spread, or (b) the result of 
the operation of the formula or 
methodology 
for 
calculating 
the 
spread, which 
 
 
(1) 
im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes formell im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
der 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor 
Benchmark Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to 
the 
replacement 
of 
the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Benchmarksatzes durch den 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
von 
dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate by 
any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
 
(2) 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben wurde oder im Fall 
eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) 
üblicherweise 
an 
den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
auf 
den Neuen Benchmarksatz 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz zu erzeugen, 
wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden; oder 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation 
has been made, or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied to 
the New Benchmark Rate in 
the international debt capital 
markets 
to 
produce 
an 
industry-accepted 
replacement benchmark rate 
for the Original Benchmark 
Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations will be made 
by the Independent Adviser in 
its reasonable discretion; or 
 
 
(3) 
(sofern 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass keine 
solche Spanne üblicherweise 
angewendet 
wird) 
als 
industrieweit 
Standard 
für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, 
die 
sich auf den Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, 
wenn 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
durch 
den 
Neuen Benchmarksatz ersetzt 
worden ist, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch 
den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
(3) 
(if the Independent Adviser in 
its 
reasonable 
discretion 
determines that no such spread 
is customarily applied) is 
recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard 
for 
over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, where the 
Original Benchmark Rate has 
been replaced by the New 
Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet eine alternative Benchmark 
oder einen alternativen Bildschirmsatz, 
die bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen Anleihekapitalmärkten 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
variablen 
Zinssätzen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung angewendet wird, wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen Berater nach billigem 
Ermessen vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark or 
screen rate which is customarily 
applied in international debt capital 
markets transactions for the purpose of 
determining floating rates of interest in 
the Specified Currency, provided that 
all determinations will be made by the 
Independent Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion. 
 
 
"Benchmark Änderungen" hat die 
Bedeutung wie in § 3(e)(iv) festgelegt. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the 
meaning given to it in § 3(e)(iv). 
 
 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
 
 
(A) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
oder eine Veröffentlichung 
von Informationen durch oder 
im 
Namen der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
vorgenommen wird, aus der 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
dieser 
Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
(A) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication of information by 
or on behalf of the regulatory 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator stating that said 
administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, 
unless, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there 
is a successor administrator 
that will continue to provide

--- Page 68 ---
68 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
der Veröffentlichung einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, der 
den Ursprüngliche Bench-
marksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
the Original Benchmark Rate; 
or 
 
(B) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
oder eine Veröffentlichung 
von Informationen durch oder 
im Namen des Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen 
wird, 
die 
besagt, dass der Administrator 
die 
Bereitstellung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen 
wird, es sei denn, es gibt zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
der Veröffentlichung einen 
Nachfolgeadministrator, der 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
weiterhin 
bereitstellt; oder 
(B) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication of information by 
or on behalf of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made, stating 
that said administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, 
unless, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there 
is a successor administrator 
that will continue to provide 
the Original Benchmark Rate; 
or 
 
 
(C) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
wonach der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz ihrer Ansicht 
nach nicht mehr repräsentativ 
für den zugrunde liegenden 
Markt, den er zu messen 
vorgibt, ist oder sein wird, und 
keine 
von 
der 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-
satzes 
geforderten 
Maßnahmen zur Behebung 
einer 
solchen 
Situation 
ergriffen worden sind oder zu 
erwarten sind; oder 
(C) 
a public statement by the 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator is made that, in 
its view, the Original Bench-
mark Rate is no longer 
representative, or will no 
longer be representative, of 
the 
underlying 
market it 
purports to measure and no 
action to remediate such a 
situation is taken or expected 
to be taken as required by the 
supervisor of the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
administrator; or 
 
 
(D) 
die 
Verwendung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nach 
einem Gesetz oder einer 
Verordnung, die in Bezug auf 
die 
Zahlstellen, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Emittentin oder jeden Dritten 
anwendbar sind, rechtswidrig 
geworden ist; oder 
(D) 
it has become, for any reason, 
unlawful under any law or 
regulation applicable to any 
Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other 
party to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate; or 
 
 
(E) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
ohne 
vorherige 
offizielle 
Ankündigung 
durch 
die 
zuständige Behörde oder den 
Administrator dauerhaft nicht 
mehr veröffentlicht wird; oder 
(E) 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
is permanently no longer 
published without a previous 
official announcement by the 
competent authority or the 
administrator; or 
 
 
(F) 
eine wesentliche Änderung 
der 
Methodologie 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
(F) 
material change is made to the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
methodology.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Benchmarksatzes 
vorgenommen wird. 
 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet einen Nachfolger oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell durch 
das Nominierungsgremium empfohlen 
wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" means 
a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate which is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
 
 
"Neuer Benchmarksatz" bezeichnet 
den jeweils gemäß diesem § 3(e) 
bestimmten Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means the 
Successor Benchmark Rate or, as the 
case 
may 
be, 
the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(e). 
 
 
"Nominierungsgremium" bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf die Ersetzung des 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatzes: 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, 
in respect of the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate: 
 
 
(1) 
die 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators 
der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig 
ist; oder 
(1) 
the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any 
central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
 
 
(2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden 
Ausschuss gefördert durch, 
geführt oder mitgeführt von 
oder gebildet von (a) der 
Zentralbank für die Währung 
in der die Benchmark oder der 
Bildschirmsatz 
dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht des Administrators 
der Benchmark oder des 
Bildschirmsatzes 
zuständig 
ist, (c) einer Gruppe der zuvor 
genannten Zentralbanken oder 
anderer 
Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial 
Stability Board) oder Teilen 
davon. 
(2) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee 
sponsored 
by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any 
central 
bank 
or 
other 
supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks 
or 
other 
supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
 
 
"Unabhängiger Berater" bezeichnet 
ein von der Emittentin ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem Ansehen oder einen 
anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater 
mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means an 
independent financial institution of 
international 
repute 
or 
other 
independent 
financial 
adviser 
experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
 
 
(vii) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes, 
der 
Anpassungsspanne und der etwaigen 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(e) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
der 
auf 
den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt oder 
diesem nachfolgt: 
(vii) 
The effective date for the application of 
the 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined under 
this § 3(e) (the "Effective Date") will 
be the Interest Determination Date 
falling on or after the earliest of the 
following dates: 
 
 
(A) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis aufgrund der Absätze 
(E) oder (F) der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clauses 
(E) or (F) of the definition of 
the term "Benchmark Event", 
the date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
(B) 
den 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes eingestellt 
wird 
bzw. 
an 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
eingestellt wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis aufgrund 
der Absätze (A), (B) oder (C) 
der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clauses 
(A), (B) or (C) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the date 
of cessation of publication of 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
or of the discontinuation of the 
Original Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be; or 
 
 
(C) 
den 
Tag, 
ab 
dem 
der 
Ursprüngliche Benchmarksatz 
nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf, wenn das Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (D) der Definition 
des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist. 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of clause 
(D) of the definition of the 
term "Benchmark Event", the 
date 
from 
which 
the 
prohibition applies. 
 
 
(viii) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug auf einen Neuen Benchmarksatz 
eintritt, gilt dieser § 3(e) entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen neuen 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz 
bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. In diesem 
Fall gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3(e) auf den Begriff Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz als Bezugnahme auf 
den 
zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(viii) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark Rate, 
§ 3(e) shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate 
or 
Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be. In 
this case, any reference in this § 3(e) to 
the term Original Benchmark Rate 
shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
New Benchmark Rate that last applied. 
 
 
(f) 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen.  Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 
gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
(f) 
Determinations 
Binding.  All 
certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
 
 
(g) 
Ende 
des 
Zinslaufs.  Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet an dem Ende des 
Tages, der dem Tag vorausgeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
endet 
die 
Verzinsung 
des 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht am Tag vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag, sondern erst an dem Ende des 
Tages, 
der 
dem 
Tag 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorausgeht. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz wird 
gemäß diesem § 3 bestimmt. Weitergehende 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
bleiben 
unberührt. 
(g) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual.  The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the end of the day 
preceding their due date for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes 
beyond the due date until the end of the day 
preceding the actual redemption of the Notes. 
The applicable rate of interest will be 
determined in accordance with this § 3. This 
does not affect any additional rights that might 
be available to the Noteholders. 
 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
 
(a) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.  Soweit nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und eingezogen, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrer 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
an 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag, 
der auf 
oder 
um den 
[Endfälligkeitstag 
einfügen] 
(der 
"Endfälligkeitstag") fällt, zurückgezahlt.  
(a) 
Redemption at maturity.  To the extent not 
previously redeemed in whole or in part, or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their Specified Denomination on 
the Interest Payment Date falling on or around 
[insert Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date").

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(b) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung wegen des Eintritts 
eines Gross-up-Ereignisses. 
(b) 
Early redemption following a Gross up Event. 
 
 
Sofern ein Gross-up-Ereignis (wie nachstehend 
definiert) eintritt, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
die Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht nur teilweise) durch Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß § 4(d) jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in 
der 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten nächsten Zinszahlungstag zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn 
die Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, 
jede Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Bekanntmachung festgelegten Kündigungstag 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich der 
bis 
zum 
festgelegten 
Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.  
If a Gross up Event (as defined below) occurs, 
the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), call the 
Notes for early redemption (in whole but not in 
part) at any time with effect on the next Interest 
Payment Date as specified in the notice in 
accordance with § 4(d). If the Issuer exercises 
its call right in accordance with sentence 1, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note at its Specified 
Denomination together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the redemption date specified in 
the notice on the redemption date specified in 
the notice. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigungserklärung darf nicht 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem Tag erfolgen, an dem 
die Emittentin erstmals verpflichtet wäre, 
Zusätzliche Beträge (wie in § 6 definiert) zu 
zahlen. 
No such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be for the first time 
obliged to pay any Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 6). 
 
Ein "Gross-up-Ereignis" tritt ein, wenn der 
Emittentin ein Gutachten einer anerkannten 
Anwaltskanzlei vorliegt (und die Emittentin der 
Emissionsstelle eine Kopie davon gibt), aus dem 
hervorgeht, dass die Emittentin aufgrund einer 
an oder nach dem Tag der Begebung der letzten 
Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen in Kraft 
tretenden Änderung oder Klarstellung der 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften des Staats, in dem die Emittentin 
steuerlich 
ansässig 
ist, 
einer 
seiner 
Gebietskörperschaften oder einer seiner zur 
Erhebung von Steuern berechtigten Behörden 
oder sonstigen Stellen (einschließlich des Falles, 
dass 
die 
betreffende 
Änderung 
oder 
Klarstellung rückwirkend Anwendung findet), 
oder aufgrund einer Änderung der Auslegung 
oder 
Anwendung, 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
erstmaligen Auslegung oder Anwendung dieser 
Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
Vorschriften 
durch 
eine 
gesetzgebende 
Körperschaft, ein Gericht oder eine Behörde 
(einschließlich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
der Bekanntmachung von Entscheidungen eines 
Gerichts oder einer Behörde) verpflichtet ist 
oder verpflichtet sein wird, Zusätzliche Beträge 
gemäß § 6 auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlen, und die Emittentin diese Verpflichtung 
nicht abwenden kann, indem sie Maßnahmen 
ergreift, die sie nach Treu und Glauben für 
zumutbar und angemessen hält. 
A "Gross up Event" will occur if an opinion of 
a recognised law firm has been delivered to the 
Issuer (and the Issuer has provided the Fiscal 
Agent with a copy thereof) stating that, as a 
result of any change in, or amendment or 
clarification to, the laws, regulations or other 
rules of the Issuer's country of domicile for tax 
purposes, any of its political subdivisions or any 
authority or any other agency of or in such 
country having power to tax (including in case 
any such change, amendment or clarification 
has retroactive effect), or as a result of any 
change in, or amendment or clarification to, the 
interpretation or application, or as a result of any 
interpretation or application made for the first 
time, of any such laws, regulations or other rules 
by any legislative body, court or authority 
(including the enactment of any legislation and 
the publication of any decision of any court or 
authority), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of 
the last tranche of the Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay Additional Amounts 
pursuant to § 6 on the Notes, and that obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such 
measures it (acting in good faith) deems 
reasonable and appropriate. 
 
(c) 
[Keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin] [Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin].  
(c) 
[No early redemption at the option of the Issuer] 
[Early redemption at the option of the Issuer].  
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
kein Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld- 
verschrei-
bungen nach 
§ 4(c) 
vorzeitig  
zurück- 
zuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Emittentin ist nicht berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vor 
dem 
Endfälligkeitstag zurückzuzahlen, außer nach 
Maßgabe von § 4(b). 
The Issuer is not entitled to call the Notes prior 
to the Maturity Date, otherwise than provided in 
§ 4(b). 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early  
redemption 
pursuant to 
§ 4(c), the 
following  
applies:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld- 
verschrei- 
bungen nach  
eigener 
Wahl an 
Call-
Rückzah-
lungstag(e) 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzah
len, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(i)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
mit Wirkung zu dem / den Call-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zur vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede Schuldverschreibung 
an dem in der Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem jeweiligen 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
der 
bis 
zu 
dem 
in 
der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten 
Call-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(i)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) with effect on the 
Call Redemption Date(s). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Note at its Call Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued 
to but excluding the Call Redemption 
Date specified in the notice in 
accordance with § 4(d) on the Call 
Redemption Date specified in the 
notice in accordance with § 4(d). 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
on Call  
Redemption 
Date(s), the 
following  
applies: 
 
Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call  
Redemption Date(s)  
Call  
Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Call-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger 
ebenfalls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen  
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig bei 
Eintritt eines  
transaktions-
bezogenen  
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-
Wahlrück-
zahlungs-
betrag 
zurück- 
zuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(ii)] 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise) 
durch 
eine 
Transaktions-Mitteilung gemäß den 
nachstehend 
aufgeführten 
Bedingungen und gemäß § 4(d) mit 
Wirkung 
zu 
dem 
Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung zu kündigen. Wenn die 
Emittentin ihr Kündigungsrecht gemäß 
Satz 1 ausübt, ist die Emittentin 
verpflichtet, jede zurückzuzahlende 
Schuldverschreibung an dem Ereignis-
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Transaktions-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich der bis zum Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.  
[(ii)] 
The Issuer may, upon giving a 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Notice 
in 
accordance with the requirements set 
out below and in accordance with 
§ 4(d), call the Notes for early 
redemption (in whole or in part) with 
effect on the Trigger Call Redemption 
Date. If the Issuer exercises its call 
right in accordance with sentence 1, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Note to be 
redeemed at the Transaction Trigger 
Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date on the 
Trigger Call Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
upon 
occurrence 
of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
"Transaktion" 
bezeichnet 
[Beschreibung 
der 
geplanten 
Transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden].  
"Transaction" 
means 
[insert 
description of envisaged transaction 
for which the Notes are intended to be 
issued for refinancing purposes]. 
 
 
"Transaktionskündigungsfrist" 
bezeichnet den Zeitraum ab dem 
[Begebungstag einfügen] bis zum 
[Datum Ende des Zeitraums einfügen]. 
"Transaction Notice Period" means 
the period from [insert issue date] to 
[insert end of period date]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung 
der 
Emittentin an die Anleihegläubiger 
gemäß § 4(d) und § 11 innerhalb der 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means 
a notice to the Noteholders given in 
accordance with § 4(d) and § 11 within 
the Transaction Notice Period that the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist, dass die 
Transaktion vor ihrem Abschluss 
beendet 
wurde 
oder 
dass 
die 
Transaktion aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht durchgeführt wird oder dass die 
Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, dass 
sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion 
zu 
verfolgen. 
Die 
Transaktions-Mitteilung hat ferner den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
zu 
bezeichnen.  
Transaction has been terminated prior 
to 
its 
completion 
or 
that 
the 
Transaction will not be settled for any 
reason whatsoever or that the Issuer has 
publicly stated that it no longer intends 
to 
pursue 
the 
Transaction. 
The 
Transaction Trigger Notice shall also 
specify the Trigger Redemption Date.  
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Eintritt 
eines der oben bezeichneten Ereignisse 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
verzichten. 
At any time the Issuer may waive its 
right to call the Notes for redemption 
following the occurrence of one of the 
events detailed above, by giving notice 
in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
je 
Schuldverschreibung ist gleich [●] % 
der Festgelegten Stückelung. 
"Trigger Call Redemption Amount" 
per Note means [●] per cent. of the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet den in der Transaktions-
Mitteilung 
festgelegten 
nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag, der auf den Ablauf 
der Transaktionskündigungsfrist folgt. 
"Trigger Call Redemption Date" 
means the next Interest Payment Date 
following 
the 
expiration 
of 
the 
Transaction Notice Period, specified in 
the Transaction Trigger Notice. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die  
Anleihegläu-
biger 
ebenfalls ein 
Recht haben, 
die Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen  
vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Der Emittentin steht dieses Recht nicht 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Rechts gemäß § 4(e) verlangt hat. 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by the 
Noteholder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note in 
accordance with § 4(e). 
If Notes are 
also subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das Recht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
wegen eines 
geringen  
ausste-
henden 
Nennbetrags 
vorzeitig  
zurückzu-
zahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
[(iii)] 
Sofern zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 15 % oder 
weniger des Gesamtnennbetrages der 
Schuldverschreibungen der Serie, die 
ursprünglich ausgegeben wurden, fällt, 
ist die Emittentin berechtigt, die 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt und 
nicht 
nur 
teilweise) 
durch 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
jederzeit mit Wirkung zu dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten nächsten Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
kündigen. Wenn die Emittentin ihr 
Kündigungsrecht gemäß Satz 1 ausübt, 
ist die Emittentin verpflichtet, jede 
Schuldverschreibung an dem in der 
Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 4(d) 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag zu ihrer 
Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich der 
bis zum festgelegten Kündigungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
[(iii)] 
If at any time the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding is 
equal to or less than 15 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes of the Series originally issued, 
the Issuer may, upon giving a notice of 
redemption in accordance with § 4(d), 
call the Notes for early redemption (in 
whole but not in part) at any time with 
effect on the next Interest Payment 
Date as specified in the notice in 
accordance with § 4(d). If the Issuer 
exercises its call right in accordance 
with sentence 1, the Issuer shall redeem 
each 
Note 
at 
its 
Specified 
Denomination together with interest 
accrued 
to 
but 
excluding 
the 
redemption date specified in the notice 
on the redemption date specified in the 
notice. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
for a 
minimal 
outstanding 
principal 
amount, the 
following  
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Kündigungserklärung.  Die Emittentin hat die 
Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 4(b) oder 
§ 4(c) 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung an die Anleihegläubiger 
(d) 
Notice.  The Issuer shall call the Notes for early 
redemption pursuant to § 4(b) or § 4(c) by 
publishing a notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11 subject to observing a 
notice period of not less than 30 nor more than

--- Page 74 ---
74 
gemäß § 11 unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 
nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 
Tagen 
zu 
erklären. 
Die 
Kündigung ist 
unwiderruflich, und in ihr wird bestimmt: 
60 days which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: 
 
– 
genaue 
Bezeichnung 
der 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
anstehenden 
Serie, 
einschließlich 
der 
Wertpapierkennungen; 
– 
precise designation of the Series of 
Notes subject to redemption, including 
the securities codes; 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Tag der vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung; [und] 
– 
the 
applicable 
date 
of 
early 
redemption; [and] 
 
 
– 
der betreffende Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückgezahlt werden[.][; 
und] 
– 
the applicable redemption amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed 
early[.][; and] 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen 
vorzeitig 
nach Eintritt 
eines  
transaktions-
bezogenen  
Ereignisses 
zum 
Ereignis-
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbe-
trag zurück-
zuzahlen, gilt 
folgendes: 
– 
eine 
Erklärung, 
ob 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
– 
whether the Notes will be redeemed in 
whole or in part and, if only in part, the 
aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes which are to be redeemed. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the Issuer 
upon 
occurrence 
of a 
transaction 
related 
event, the 
following  
applies: 
 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise 
zurückgezahlt werden, werden die betreffenden 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
den 
Regeln 
des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the 
relevant Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in 
den Registern von Clearstream, Luxemburg und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als 
Pool-Faktor 
oder 
als 
Reduzierung 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes in NGN form the 
following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal 
amount, at the discretion of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird jeder Börse, an der die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, umgehend 
Mitteilung über die Kündigung machen. 
The Issuer will inform, if required by such stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed at the 
initiative of the Issuer, such stock exchange as 
soon as possible of such redemption. 
 
 
(e) 
[Keine vorzeitige] [Vorzeitige] Rückzahlung 
nach Wahl des Anleihegläubigers. 
(e) 
[No early] [Early] redemption at the option of a 
Noteholder. 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger kein 
Recht haben, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen zu  
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
Die Anleihegläubiger sind außer in Fällen des 
[falls die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall 
eines Kontrollwechsels vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: § 4(g) oder 
des] § 8 zu keinem Zeitpunkt berechtigt, von der 
Emittentin eine vorzeitige Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zu verlangen. 
The Noteholders shall not be entitled to put the 
Notes for redemption otherwise than provided in 
[if the Notes are subject to Early Redemption 
as a result of a Change of Control the 
following applies: § 4(g) and] § 8 at any time. 
If Notes are 
not subject 
to early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Anleihegläu-
biger ein  
Recht haben, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
der Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen zu  
verlangen, 
gilt 
folgendes: 
(i) 
Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Wahl des 
Anleihegläubigers am / an den Put-
Rückzahlungstag(en) zum jeweiligen 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich der 
bis 
zum 
Put-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the relevant 
Put Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the 
Put Redemption Date. 
If Notes are 
subject to 
early  
redemption 
at the option 
of the  
Noteholders, 
the following 
applies:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Put-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
einfügen] 
[Put-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge einfügen] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[insert Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
 
Dem Anleihegläubiger steht das Recht, 
die 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
zu 
verlangen, nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
zu, 
deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
gemäß § 4 verlangt hat. 
The Noteholder may not exercise the 
option for early redemption in respect 
of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of its right 
to redeem such Note in accordance 
with § 4. 
 
 
(ii) 
Um dieses Recht auszuüben, hat der 
Anleihegläubiger nicht weniger als 30 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem 
Put-Rückzahlungstag, an dem die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zurückgezahlt 
werden sollen, bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
während der normalen Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
Erklärung 
zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
("Ausübungserklärung"), wie sie von 
der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
hinterlegen. Die Ausübungserklärung 
hat anzugeben: (i) den Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Recht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennungen 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit 
vergeben). 
Die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Recht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
die 
Emittentin oder an deren Order. Die 
Ausübung des Rechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. 
(ii) 
In order to exercise the option, the 
Noteholder must, not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such 
redemption is required to be made as 
specified in the Put Notice (as defined 
below), submit during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed early 
redemption notice ("Put Notice") in 
the form available from the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which 
such option is exercised, and (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of 
such Notes, if any. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its order. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. 
 
 
(f) 
Erwerb. 
(f) 
Purchase. 
 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
oder 
jede 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
können 
jederzeit 
vorbehaltlich 
zwingender 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen Schuldverschreibungen auf dem 
freien Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis erwerben. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können eingezogen, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any 
time and subject to mandatory provisions of law 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
 
 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen im 
Fall eines 
Kontroll 
wechsels 
vorzeitig 
kündbar 
sind, gilt  
folgendes: 
(g) 
Kontrollwechsel. 
(g) 
Change of Control. 
If the Notes 
are subject 
to Early  
Redemption 
as a result of 
a Change of 
Control the 
following  
applies: 
Tritt (i) ein Kontrollwechsel ein und (ii) kommt 
es innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu 
einer Absenkung des Ratings und (iii) gibt die 
Rating Agentur, die für die Absenkung des 
Ratings verantwortlich ist, öffentlich bekannt 
oder bestätigt der Emittentin schriftlich, dass die 
Absenkung des Ratings, insgesamt oder 
teilweise, auf Grund des Kontrollwechsels 
erfolgte 
(zusammen, 
ein 
"Rückzahlungsereignis"), 
hat 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger das Recht (sofern nicht die 
Emittentin, bevor die nachstehend beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
§ 4 (b) [oder (c)] angezeigt hat), die 
Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag zuzüglich 
If there (i) occurs a Change of Control and (ii) 
within the Change of Control Period a Rating 
Downgrade occurs and (iii) the Rating Agency 
responsible 
for 
the 
Rating 
Downgrade 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the 
Issuer that such Rating Downgrade resulted, in 
whole or in part, from the occurrence of the 
Change of Control (together called a "Put 
Event"), each Noteholder will have the option 
(unless, prior to the giving of the Put Event 
Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with § 4(b) 
[or (c)]) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date at its principal 
amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
der bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu verlangen. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
For the purposes of such option: 
 
Bedeutet "Rating Agentur" jede Ratingagentur 
von Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") 
oder eine ihrer Nachfolgegesellschaften oder 
jede andere Rating Agentur vergleichbaren 
internationalen Ansehens, wie von Zeit zu Zeit 
durch die Emittentin bestimmt; 
"Rating Agency" means the rating agencies of 
Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") or any 
of its successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from 
time to time by the Issuer; 
 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug 
auf einen Kontrollwechsel als eingetreten, wenn 
(a)  innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein 
vorher 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer 
Rating Agentur (i) zurückgezogen oder (ii) von 
einem Investment Grade Rating (Baa3 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) 
in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (Ba1 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder 
schlechter) geändert oder (iii) (falls das für die 
Schuldverschreibungen vergebene Rating einer 
Rating Agentur unterhalb des Investment Grade 
Ratings liegt)  um einen ganzen Punkt (von Ba1 
nach Ba2 von Moody's oder eine ähnliche 
Absenkung eines gleichwertigen 
Ratings) 
abgesenkt wird oder (b) zur Zeit des 
Kontrollwechsels 
kein 
Rating 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Emittentin 
vergeben ist und keine Rating Agentur während 
des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein Investment 
Grade Rating für die Schuldverschreibungen 
vergibt (es sei denn, die Emittentin ist trotz 
zumutbarer Anstrengungen innerhalb dieses 
Zeitraums nicht in der Lage, ein solches Rating 
zu erhalten, ohne dass dies seine Ursache im 
Kontrollwechsel hat); 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of a Change of Control 
(a) if within the Change of Control Period any 
rating previously assigned to the Issuer or the 
Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or 
(ii) changed from an investment grade rating 
(Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade 
rating (Ba1 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the 
time being, or worse) or (iii) (if the rating 
assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
shall be below an investment grade rating) 
lowered one full rating notch (from Ba1 to Ba2 
by Moody's or such similar lower of equivalent 
rating) or (b) if at the time of the Change of 
Control, there is no rating assigned to the Notes 
or the Issuer and no Rating Agency assigns 
during the Change of Control Period an 
investment grade credit rating to the Notes  
(unless the Issuer is unable to obtain such a 
rating within such period having used all 
reasonable endeavours to do so and such failure 
is unconnected with the occurrence of the 
Change of Control); 
 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als 
eingetreten,  wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen (die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die 
abgestimmt handeln,  oder einer oder mehrere 
Dritte, die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) 
handeln, zu irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder 
unmittelbar 
(unabhängig 
davon, 
ob 
der 
Vorstand oder der Aufsichtsrat der Emittentin 
seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) (i) mehr als 50 % 
des ausstehenden Grundkapitals der Emittentin 
oder (ii) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien der  
Emittentin hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat 
bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50 % der 
Stimmrechte entfallen; 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have 
occurred at each time (whether or not approved 
by the Management Board or Supervisory Board 
of the Issuer) that any person or persons 
("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert or any 
person or persons acting on behalf of any such 
Relevant Person(s), at any time directly or 
indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own (i) more 
than 50 per cent. of the issued ordinary share 
capital of the Issuer or (ii) such number of the 
shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more 
than 50 per cent. of the voting rights; 
 
 
Ist 
der 
"Kontrollwechselzeitraum" 
der 
Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
"Change of Control Period" means the period 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the 
Change of Control; and 
 
 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der siebte Tag nach 
dem letzten Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums. 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the 
seventh day after the last day of the Put Period. 
 
 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem 
Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird 
die Emittentin den Anleihegläubigern gemäß 
§ 11 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis 
machen (eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in 
der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in 
diesem § 4 (g) genannten Wahlrechts angegeben 
sind. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a 
Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with § 11 specifying 
the nature of the Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure 
for exercising the option set out in this §4(g). 
 
 
Zur Ausübung dieses Wahlrechts muss der 
Anleihegläubiger 
während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftsstunden innerhalb eines Zeitraums 
(der "Rückzahlungszeitraum") von 45 Tagen, 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
In order to exercise such option, the Noteholder 
must submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice ("Exercise 
Notice") in the form available from the specified

--- Page 77 ---
77 
veröffentlicht 
ist, 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß 
ausgefüllte 
und 
unterzeichnete 
Ausübungserklärung bei der angegebenen 
Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle einreichen 
(die "Ausübungserklärung"), die in ihrer 
jeweils 
maßgeblichen 
Form 
bei 
der 
angegebenen Niederlassung der Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist. Ein so ausgeübtes Wahlrecht kann 
nicht 
ohne 
vorherige 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
office of the Fiscal Agent within the period (the 
"Put Period") of 45 days after a Put Event 
Notice is given. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
 
 
 
 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen.  Die Zahlung von Kapital und 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt 
nach ordnungsgemäßem Nachweis gemäß 
§ 1(c). 
(a) 
Payments.  Payment of principal and interest on 
the Notes shall be made to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
Payment of interest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(c). 
 
 
(b) 
Zahlungsweise.  Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leistende Zahlungen 
werden in der Festgelegten Währung geleistet. 
Den Anleihegläubigern werden keine Kosten 
oder Gebühren in Bezug auf diese Zahlungen 
auferlegt. Sämtliche Zahlungen stehen unter 
dem Vorbehalt geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Vorschriften, Richtlinien 
und Verordnungen oder Verträge denen sich die 
Emittentin, der Emissionsstelle oder eine 
Zahlstelle unterworfen haben. Vorbehaltlich § 6 
ist die Emittentin nicht verpflichtet, zusätzliche 
Beträge als Ausgleich für irgendwelche Steuern 
oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art, die aufgrund 
solcher steuerlichen oder sonstigen gesetzlichen 
Vorschriften, Richtlinien oder Verordnungen 
oder Verträge auferlegt oder erhoben werden, an 
die Anleihegläubiger zu zahlen. 
(b) 
Manner of Payment.  Payments of any amounts 
due in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified 
Currency. 
No 
commission 
or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. All payments will be 
subject to all applicable fiscal and other laws, 
directives and regulations or agreements to 
which the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or any Paying 
Agent agree to be subject. Without prejudice to 
the provisions of § 6, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay to the Noteholders any additional 
amounts as compensation for any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
fiscal and other laws, regulations, directives or 
agreements. 
 
 
(c) 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung 
an das Clearingsystem oder an dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(c) 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
 
(d) 
Zahltag.  Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf 
einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann wird der 
Fälligkeitstag auf den nächstfolgenden Zahltag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall wird der Fälligkeitstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Zahltag vorgezogen. 
(d) 
Payment Business Day.  If the due date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Business Day, then the due date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Payment Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
the due date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Business Day. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" jeden 
Geschäftstag. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" 
means a day which is a Business Day. 
 
 
§ 6 
Besteuerung 
§ 6 
Taxation 
 
 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern, 
Abgaben, Festsetzungen oder behördlicher Gebühren 
jedweder Art geleistet ("Steuern"), die von dem Staat, in 
dem die Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder einer 
seiner Gebietskörperschaften oder zur Erhebung von 
Steuern berechtigten Behörden oder sonstigen Stellen 
auferlegt, erhoben, eingezogen, einbehalten oder 
festgesetzt werden, sofern nicht die Emittentin kraft 
Gesetzes oder einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist. Sofern die 
All amounts to be paid in respect of the Notes will be paid 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature ("Taxes") imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes or any political subdivision or 
any authority or any other agency of or in the Issuer's 
country of domicile for tax purposes that has power to 
tax, unless the Issuer is compelled by law to make such 
withholding or deduction. If the Issuer is required to 
make such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Emittentin zu einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
verpflichtet ist, wird die Emittentin zusätzliche Beträge 
(die "Zusätzlichen Beträge") an die Anleihegläubiger 
zahlen, so dass die Anleihegläubiger die Beträge 
erhalten, die sie ohne den betreffenden Einbehalt oder 
Abzug erhalten hätten. Solche Zusätzlichen Beträge sind 
jedoch nicht zahlbar wegen solcher Steuern in Bezug auf 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") to 
the Noteholders as the Noteholders would have received 
if no such withholding or deduction had been required, 
except that no such Additional Amounts will be payable 
for any such Taxes in respect of any Note: 
 
(a) 
von 
einer 
als 
Depotbank 
oder 
Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
(a)  
are payable by any person acting as custodian 
bank or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Noteholder, or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
 
 
(b) 
die wegen einer Verbindung des betreffenden 
Anleihegläubigers zu dem Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist, die nicht nur 
aus 
der 
bloßen 
Inhaberschaft 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen besteht, einzubehalten 
oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(b) 
which are to be withheld or deducted by reason 
of the relevant Noteholder having some 
connection with the Issuer's country of domicile 
for tax purposes other than the mere holding of 
that Note; or 
 
 
(c) 
die 
aufgrund 
(i) 
einer 
Richtlinie 
oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen 
Vereinbarung, 
eines 
zwischenstaatlichen Abkommens oder einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Verständigung über deren 
Besteuerung, an der der Staat, in dem die 
Emittentin steuerlich ansässig ist oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung, Vereinbarung, Verständigung oder 
dieses Abkommen umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
(c) 
which are to be withheld or deducted pursuant 
to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international treaty, 
agreement or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Issuer's country of 
domicile for tax purposes or the European 
Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced 
to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty, agreement or understanding; or 
 
 
(d) 
aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, 
welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller 
fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 wirksam wird. 
(d) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that 
becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly 
provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with § 11, whichever occurs later. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist keinesfalls verpflichtet, Zusätzliche 
Beträge in Bezug auf einen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
Beträgen zu zahlen, die gemäß Sections 1471 bis 1474 
des U.S. Internal Revenue Code (in der jeweils geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß Nachfolgebestimmungen), gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher Abkommen, gemäß den in einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung in Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Bestimmungen erlassenen Durchführungsvorschriften 
oder gemäß mit dem Internal Revenue Service 
geschlossenen Verträgen von der Emittentin, der 
jeweiligen Zahlstelle oder einem anderen Beteiligten 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
wurden 
("FATCA-
Steuerabzug") oder Anleger in Bezug auf einen 
FATCA-Steuerabzug schadlos zu halten. 
In any event, the Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
Additional amounts deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the relevant Paying Agent or any other party ("FATCA 
Withholding") in relation to any withholding or 
deduction of any amounts required by the rules of U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or 
any amended or successor provisions), pursuant to any 
inter-governmental 
agreement, 
or 
implementing 
legislation adopted by another jurisdiction in connection 
with these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or indemnify any 
investor in relation to any FATCA Withholding. 
 
 
§ 7 
Vorlegung, Verjährung 
§ 7 
Presentation, Prescription 
 
 
(a) 
Vorlegungsfrist.  Die Vorlegungsfrist gemäß 
§ 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB für fällige 
Schuldverschreibungen wird auf zehn Jahre 
verkürzt. 
(a) 
Presentation.  The period for presentation of 
Notes due, as established in § 801(1) sentence 1 
of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch), is reduced to ten years. 
 
 
(b) 
Verjährungsfrist.  Die 
Verjährungsfrist 
für 
innerhalb der Vorlegungsfrist zur Zahlung 
vorgelegte Schuldverschreibungen beträgt zwei 
Jahre 
von 
dem 
Ende 
der 
betreffenden 
Vorlegungsfrist an. 
(b) 
Prescription.  The period for prescription for 
Notes presented for payment during the 
presentation period shall be two years beginning 
at the end of the relevant presentation period. 
 
 
§ 8 
Kündigungsgründe für die Anleihegläubiger 
§ 8 
Events of Default

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(a) 
Bei 
Eintritt 
und 
Fortdauer 
eines 
der 
nachstehenden 
Ereignisse 
kann 
ein 
Anleihegläubiger seine Schuldverschreibungen 
durch schriftliche Mitteilung an die Emittentin, 
die 
bei 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
abzugeben 
ist, 
kündigen, 
woraufhin seine Schuldverschreibungen sofort 
zu ihrer Festgelegten Stückelung zuzüglich 
aufgelaufener Zinsen, ohne weitere Handlungen 
oder Formalitäten fällig werden: 
(a) 
If any of the events below occurs and is 
continuing than any Note may, by written notice 
addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or, alternatively, the Fiscal Agent, be 
declared due and payable, whereupon such Note 
will become immediately due and payable at 
their Specified Denomination together with 
accrued interest without further action or 
formality: 
 
 
(i) 
Nichtzahlung.  Die Emittentin zahlt 
Zinsbeträge 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht innerhalb 
von 30 Geschäftstagen nach Fälligkeit; 
oder 
(i) 
Non-payment.  Failure by the Issuer to 
pay any amount of interest in respect of 
the Notes within 30 business days of 
the due date for payment of that 
amount; or 
 
 
(ii) 
Nichterfüllung sonstiger wesentlicher 
Verpflichtungen.  Die 
Emittentin 
unterlässt 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
und 
die 
Unterlassung dauert länger als 30 Tage 
fort, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von 
einem Anleihegläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
(ii) 
Non-fulfilment 
of 
other 
material 
obligations.  The Issuer fails to duly 
perform any other material obligation 
arising under the Notes and any such 
failure continues for more than 30 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Noteholder; or 
 
 
(iii) 
Cross Acceleration.  Eine (nicht im 
Rahmen der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehende) 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
wird 
infolge 
eines 
Kündigungsgrunds (unabhängig von 
der 
Bezeichnung) 
vor 
ihrer 
festgelegten 
Fälligkeit 
fällig 
und 
zahlbar (sei es durch Kündigung, 
automatische vorzeitige Fälligstellung 
oder auf andere Weise) mit der 
Maßgabe, dass der Gesamtbetrag der 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
mindestens EUR 100.000.000 (oder 
den Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung) beträgt; oder 
(iii) 
Cross 
Acceleration.  Any 
Capital 
Market Indebtedness of the Issuer 
(other than under the Notes) becomes 
due and payable prior to its specified 
maturity (whether by declaration, 
automatic acceleration or otherwise) as 
a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described), provided that 
the aggregate amount of Capital 
Market Indebtedness amounts to at 
least 
EUR 100,000,000 
(or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies); or 
 
 
(iv) 
Insolvenz etc. 
(iv) 
Insolvency etc. 
 
 
(A) 
die 
Emittentin 
gibt 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt 
oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein, 
oder 
(A) 
the 
Issuer 
announces 
its 
inability to meet its financial 
obligations 
(Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
or 
suspends payments; or 
 
 
(B) 
ein 
Gericht 
eröffnet 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren gegen die 
Emittentin; oder 
(B) 
a court opens insolvency 
proceedings 
against 
the 
Issuer; or  
 
 
(C) 
die Emittentin geht in die 
Liquidation 
oder 
wird 
abgewickelt oder aufgelöst 
(sofern dies nicht für die 
Zwecke oder als Folge eines 
Zusammenschlusses, 
einer 
Umstrukturierung 
oder 
Sanierung geschieht, bei dem 
bzw. der die Emittentin noch 
zahlungsfähig ist und bei dem 
bzw. der die fortführende 
Gesellschaft im Wesentlichen 
alle 
Vermögenswerte 
und 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin übernimmt). 
(C) 
the Issuer enters into a 
winding up or dissolution and 
liquidation (other than for the 
purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation 
or 
restructuring 
whilst 
solvent, where the continuing 
entity assumes substantially 
all 
of 
the 
assets 
and 
obligations of the Issuer). 
 
 
(b) 
Quorum.  In den Fällen von § 8(a)(i) bis (iv) 
wird eine Kündigung erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
(b) 
Quorum.  In the events specified in § 8(a)(i) to 
(iv), any notice declaring Notes due shall 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Anleihegläubigern von Schuldverschreibungen 
im Nennbetrag von mindestens 25 % der dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen sind. Die Wirkung einer solchen 
Kündigung entfällt, wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
dies binnen drei Monaten mit Mehrheit 
beschließen. Für den Beschluss über die 
Unwirksamkeit der Kündigung genügt die 
einfache Mehrheit der Stimmrechte, es müssen 
aber in jedem Fall mehr Anleihegläubiger 
zustimmen als gekündigt haben. 
has received such notices from the Noteholders 
of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. Any such termination 
shall become ineffective if within three months 
the majority of the Noteholders so resolve. The 
resolution in relation to the ineffectiveness of a 
termination may be passed by simple majority 
of the voting rights, provided, however, that in 
each case there must be more Noteholders 
consenting to such resolution than Noteholders 
having terminated the Notes. 
 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle, 
Zahlstelle(n) 
und 
Berechnungsstelle 
§ 9 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
and 
Calculation Agent 
 
 
(a) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle.  Die 
Emissionsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle sind nachstehend mit den 
benannten 
anfänglichen 
Geschäftsstellen 
aufgeführt: 
(a) 
Appointment, 
specified 
office.  The 
Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent and their respective initial specified 
offices are as follows: 
 
 
"Emissionsstelle" und "Zahlstelle": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.   
"Fiscal Agent" and "Paying Agent": 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany.   
 
 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland]. 
"Calculation Agent": 
[Deutsche 
Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 
12 
60325 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main 
Federal Republic of Germany]. 
 
 
(b) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.  Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit 
zusätzliche Zahlstellen (gemeinsam mit der 
vorgenannten Zahlstelle, die "Zahlstellen" und 
jede eine "Zahlstelle") zu benennen.  
(b) 
Variation or termination of appointment.  The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint 
additional paying agents (together with the 
Paying Agent specified above, the "Paying 
Agents" and each a "Paying Agent").  
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich ferner das Recht vor, 
die 
Ernennung 
der 
Emissionsstelle, 
der 
Zahlstellen und der Berechnungsstelle jederzeit 
anders zu regeln oder zu beenden. 
The Issuer further reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
 
Die Emittentin wird sicherstellen, dass jederzeit 
(i) 
eine 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle, (ii) eine Zahlstelle mit einer 
Geschäftsstelle in einer Stadt auf dem 
europäischen Festland und (iii) so lange die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf Veranlassung der 
Emittentin an einer Börse notiert werden, eine 
Zahlstelle mit einer benannten Geschäftsstelle 
an 
dem 
von 
der 
betreffenden 
Börse 
vorgeschriebenen 
Ort 
bestimmt 
ist. 
Die 
Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit anstelle ihrer jeweils benannten 
Geschäftsstelle eine andere Geschäftsstelle im 
selben Land zu bestimmen. Bekanntmachungen 
hinsichtlich aller Veränderungen im Hinblick 
auf die Emissionsstelle, etwaige Zahlstellen und 
die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen unverzüglich 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 11. 
The Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent and a Calculation Agent (ii) a Paying 
Agent with a specified office in a continental 
European city and (iii) so long as the Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange at the initiative of the 
Issuer, a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such city as may be required by the rules of the 
relevant stock exchange. The Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve 
the right at any time to change their respective 
specified offices to some other specified office 
in the same country. Notice of all changes in the 
identities or specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to 
the Noteholders in accordance with § 11. 
 
 
(c) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) 
der 
Emittentin.  Die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Beauftragte der Emittentin und übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber 
dem 
Anleihegläubiger; es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und dem 
Anleihegläubiger begründet. 
(c) 
Agent of the Issuer.  The Fiscal Agent, any 
Paying Agent(s) and the Calculation Agent act 
solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for the Noteholder. 
 
 
Die Emissionsstellen, die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle können den Rat eines oder 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s) and the 
Calculation Agent may engage the advice or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
mehrerer 
Rechtsanwälte 
oder 
anderer 
Sachverständiger einholen, deren Beratung oder 
Dienste sie für notwendig hält, und sich auf eine 
solche Beratung verlassen. Die Emissionsstelle, 
die Zahlstelle(n) und die Berechnungsstelle 
übernehmen keine Haftung gegenüber den 
Anleihegläubigern im Zusammenhang mit 
Handlungen, die in gutem Glauben im Einklang 
mit einer solchen Beratung getätigt, unterlassen 
oder geduldet wurden. 
services of any lawyers or other experts whose 
advice or services it deems necessary and may 
rely upon any advice so obtained. Neither the 
Fiscal Agent nor the Paying Agent nor the 
Calculation Agent will incur any liability as 
against the Noteholders in respect of any action 
taken, or not taken, or suffered to be taken, or 
not taken, in accordance with such advice in 
good faith. 
 
§ 10 
Schuldnerersetzung 
§ 10 
Substitution 
 
 
(a) 
Ersetzung. 
(a) 
Substitution. 
 
 
Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, ohne 
Zustimmung der Anleihegläubiger, eine andere 
Gesellschaft, die direkt oder indirekt von der 
Emittentin kontrolliert wird ("Verbundene 
Unternehmen", wie in § 15 AktG definiert), als 
neue Emittentin für alle sich aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
ergebenden 
Verpflichtungen 
mit 
schuldbefreiender Wirkung für die Emittentin 
an die Stelle der Emittentin zu setzen (die "Neue 
Emittentin"), sofern 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, substitute for the Issuer any 
other company which is directly or indirectly 
controlled 
by 
the 
Issuer 
("Affiliated 
Companies", as defined in Section 15 German 
Stock Corporation Act –Aktiengesetz), as new 
issuer (the "New Issuer") in respect of all 
obligations arising under or in connection with 
the Notes with the effect of releasing the Issuer 
of all such obligations, if: 
 
 
(i) 
die 
Neue 
Emittentin 
sämtliche 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt 
und, sofern eine Zustellung an die Neue 
Emittentin 
außerhalb 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland erfolgen 
müsste, 
einen 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland bestellt; 
(i) 
the New Issuer assumes any and all 
obligations of the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Notes and, if 
service of process vis-à-vis the New 
Issuer would have to be effected 
outside the Federal Republic of 
Germany, appoints a process agent 
within 
the 
Federal 
Republic 
of 
Germany; 
 
 
(ii) 
die Emittentin und die Neue Emittentin 
sämtliche für die Schuldnerersetzung 
und die Erfüllung der Verpflichtungen 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten haben; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the New Issuer have 
obtained 
all 
authorisations 
and 
approvals necessary for the substitution 
and the fulfilment of the obligations 
arising under or in connection with the 
Notes; 
 
 
(iii) 
die Neue Emittentin in der Lage ist, 
sämtliche zur Erfüllung der aufgrund 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehenden Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
erforderlichen 
Beträge 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
oder 
die 
Emissionsstelle zu zahlen, und zwar 
ohne Abzug oder Einbehalt von 
Steuern 
oder 
sonstigen 
Abgaben 
jedweder Art, die von dem Land (oder 
den Ländern), in dem (in denen) die 
Neue Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat, auferlegt, erhoben oder 
eingezogen werden; 
(iii) 
the New Issuer is in the position to pay 
to the Clearing System or to the Fiscal 
Agent in the Specified Currency and 
without deducting or withholding any 
taxes or other duties of whatever nature 
imposed, levied or deducted by the 
country (or countries) in which the 
New Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence all amounts required for the 
performance 
of 
the 
payment 
obligations 
arising 
from 
or 
in 
connection with the Notes; 
 
 
(iv) 
die 
Emittentin 
unbedingt 
und 
unwiderruflich die Verpflichtungen der 
Neuen 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
die 
sicherstellen, 
dass 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
wirtschaftlich 
mindestens so gestellt wird, wie er 
ohne die Ersetzung stehen würde; 
(iv) 
the 
Issuer 
unconditionally 
and 
irrevocably 
guarantees 
such 
obligations of the New Issuer under the 
Notes on terms which ensure that each 
Noteholder will be put in an economic 
position that is at least as favourable as 
that which would have existed if the 
substitution had not taken place; 
 
 
(v) 
die Neue Emittentin sich verpflichtet 
hat, 
jeden 
Anleihegläubiger 
hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben 
oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, 
(v) 
the New Issuer has agreed to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such

--- Page 82 ---
82 
die einem Anleihegläubiger bezüglich 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; und 
Noteholder 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
substitution; and 
 
(vi) 
der Emissionsstelle ein oder mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten 
vorgelegt 
werden, 
welche 
bestätigen, 
dass 
die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden 
Unterabsätzen (i) bis (v) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(vi) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent an opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (i) to (v) above have 
been satisfied. 
 
 
(b) 
Bezugnahmen. 
(b) 
References. 
 
 
(i) 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung 
gemäß § 10(a) gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
Emittentin als eine solche auf die Neue 
Emittentin. 
(i) 
In the event of a substitution pursuant 
to § 10(a), any reference in these Terms 
and Conditions to the Issuer shall be a 
reference to the New Issuer. 
 
 
Klarstellend sei erwähnt, dass dies nur 
gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung 
ergibt, dass die Bezugnahme entweder 
weiterhin nur auf die Covestro AG 
erfolgen 
soll, 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme auf die Neue Emittentin 
und gleichzeitig auch auf die Covestro 
AG, 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
deren 
Verpflichtungen aus der Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) erfolgen soll. 
For the avoidance of doubt this shall 
apply only to the extent that the 
meaning and purpose of the relevant 
condition requires that the relevant 
reference shall continue to be a 
reference only to Covestro AG, or that 
the reference shall be to the New Issuer 
and Covestro AG, in relation to 
Covestro AG's obligations under the 
guarantee pursuant to § 10(a)(iv) at the 
same time. 
 
 
(ii) 
In 
§ 8 
gilt 
ein 
weiterer 
Kündigungsgrund als aufgenommen, 
der dann besteht, wenn die Garantie 
gemäß § 10(a)(iv) mit rechtskräftiger 
Entscheidung 
eines 
zuständigen 
Gerichts für nicht vollumfänglich 
wirksam erklärt wir, oder die Garantin 
einen 
Mangel 
der 
Wirksamkeit 
behauptet und dieser Mangel nicht 
innerhalb von zehn Geschäftstagen 
behoben wird. 
(ii) 
In § 8 a further event of default shall be 
deemed to have been included; such 
event of default shall exist in the case 
that 
the 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
§ 10(a)(iv) is determined by the final 
decision of a competent court or is 
claimed by the guarantor not to be in 
full force and effect and such defect is 
not corrected within ten business days. 
 
 
§ 11 
Bekanntmachungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
an der  
Luxem- 
burger Börse 
notiert sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
Veröffentlichungen.  Alle Bekanntmachungen, 
die 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffen, 
werden (solange die Schuldverschreibungen am 
geregelten 
Markt 
der 
Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zum Handel zugelassen sind) 
auf der Internet-Seite der Luxemburger Börse 
(derzeit unter www.bourse.lu) veröffentlicht. 
Jede Mitteilung gilt am Tag der ersten 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
(a) 
Publications.  All notices regarding the Notes 
will be published (so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(currently on www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
become effective for all purposes on the date of 
the first such publication. 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are listed on 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
the following 
applies: 
(b) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.  Solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert sind, findet § 11(a) Anwendung. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach § 11(a) durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem als den Anleihegläubigern 
mitgeteilt. 
(b) 
Notification to Clearing System.  So long as any 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, § 11(a) shall apply. If the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in § 11(a) above; any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuld-
verschrei-
bungen, die 
nicht auf 
Veran- 
lassung der 
(a) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem.  Die 
Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung an die 
Anleihegläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am fünften Tag nach dem Tag 
(a) 
Notification to Clearing System.  The Issuer 
shall deliver all notices concerning the Notes to 
the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Noteholders. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
In the case of 
Notes which 
are not listed 
at the  
initiative of 
the Issuer,

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Emittentin 
an einer 
Börse notiert 
sind, ist  
folgendes  
anwendbar: 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den 
Anleihegläubigern mitgeteilt. 
given on the fifth day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing System. 
the following 
applies: 
 
[(b)][(c)] Mitteilungen 
eines 
Anleihegläubigers.  Mitteilungen, 
die 
von 
einem 
Anleihegläubiger gemacht 
werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß 
§ 13(c)(a) an die Emissionsstelle geleitet 
werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das 
Clearingsystem in der von der Emissionsstelle 
und dem Clearingsystem dafür vorgesehenen 
Weise erfolgen. 
[(b)][(c)] Notices by a Noteholder.  Notices to be given 
by any Noteholder shall be made in written form 
together with an evidence of the Noteholder's 
entitlement in accordance with § 13(c)(a) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through 
the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may 
approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 12 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen 
§ 12 
Further Issues 
 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
wie 
die 
vorliegenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
begeben, so dass sie mit diesen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. Der Begriff "Schuldverschreibungen" umfasst 
im Fall einer solchen weiteren Begebung auch solche 
zusätzlich begebenen Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer reserves the right from time to time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders to issue additional notes 
with identical terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the date of issue, the 
interest commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
to be consolidated and form a single series with such 
Notes. The term "Notes" shall, in the event of such 
further issue, also comprise such further notes. 
 
 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht, Erfüllungsort und 
Gerichtsstand  
§ 13 
Applicable Law, Place of Performance and 
Jurisdiction 
 
 
(a) 
Geltendes 
Recht.  Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie alle sich daraus 
ergebenden Rechte und Pflichten bestimmen 
sich ausschließlich nach dem Recht der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland.  
(a) 
Applicable law.  The form and content of the 
Notes as well as all the rights and duties arising 
therefrom are governed exclusively by the laws 
of the Federal Republic of Germany.  
 
 
(b) 
Gerichtsstand.  Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
gültigen 
Fassung 
(das 
"SchVG"), 
ist 
nicht-ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle sich aus den in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
geregelten 
Rechtsverhältnissen 
ergebenden 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
mit 
der 
Emittentin 
Frankfurt am Main. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction.  Subject to any exclusive court of 
venue for specific legal proceedings in 
connection with the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), as 
amended from time to time (the "SchVG"), non-
exclusive court of venue for all litigation with 
the Issuer arising from the legal relations 
established in these Terms and Conditions is 
Frankfurt am Main. 
 
 
Für Entscheidungen gemäß § 9 Absatz 2, § 13 
Absatz 3 und § 18 Absatz 2 SchVG ist gemäß 
§ 9 Absatz 3 SchVG das Amtsgericht zuständig, 
in dessen Bezirk die Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
Für Entscheidungen über die Anfechtung von 
Beschlüssen der Anleihegläubiger ist gemäß 
§ 20 Absatz 3 SchVG das Landgericht 
ausschließlich zuständig, in dessen Bezirk die 
Emittentin ihren Sitz hat. 
The local court (Amtsgericht) in the district 
where the Issuer has its registered office will 
have jurisdiction for all judgments pursuant to 
§ 9(2), 
§ 13(3) 
and 
§ 18(2) 
SchVG 
in 
accordance with § 9(3) SchVG. The regional 
court (Landgericht) in the district where the 
Issuer has its registered office will have 
exclusive jurisdiction for all judgments over 
contested 
resolutions 
by 
Noteholders 
in 
accordance with § 20(3) SchVG. 
 
 
(c) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung.  Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger kann in Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
gegen die Emittentin im eigenen Namen seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
ihm 
zustehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen geltend machen unter 
Vorlage der folgenden Dokumente: (a) einer 
Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank, die (i) den 
vollen Namen und die volle Anschrift des 
Anleihegläubigers 
bezeichnet, 
(ii) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
angibt, 
die 
am 
Ausstellungstag 
dieser 
Bescheinigung dem bei dieser Depotbank 
(c) 
Enforcement.  Any Noteholder may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer protect and 
enforce in its own name its rights arising under 
its 
Notes 
by 
submitting 
the 
following 
documents: (a) a certificate issued by its 
depositary bank (i) stating the full name and 
address of the Noteholder, (ii) specifying an 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited on 
the date of such certificate to such Noteholder's 
securities account maintained with such 
depositary bank and (iii) confirming that the 
depositary bank has given a written notice to the

--- Page 84 ---
84 
bestehenden Depot dieses Anleihegläubigers 
gutgeschrieben sind, und (iii) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank dem Clearingsystem und der 
Emissionsstelle eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
zugeleitet hat, die die Angaben gemäß (i) und 
(ii) enthält und Bestätigungsvermerke des 
Clearingsystems 
sowie 
des 
jeweiligen 
Clearingsystem-Kontoinhabers trägt, sowie (b) 
einer von einem Vertretungsberechtigten des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
bestätigten Ablichtung der Globalurkunde. 
Clearing System as well as to the Fiscal Agent 
containing the information pursuant to (i) and 
(ii) and bearing acknowledgements of the 
Clearing System and the relevant Clearing 
System accountholder as well as (b) a copy of 
the Global Bond certified by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or the Fiscal 
Agent as being a true copy. 
 
§ 14 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen; 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter  
§ 14 
Amendments to the Terms and Conditions; 
Joint Representative  
 
(a) 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen.  Die 
Emittentin kann die Anleihebedingungen mit 
Zustimmung aufgrund Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
der Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG 
ändern. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der 
Emittentin scheidet aus. 
(a) 
Amendment of the Terms and Conditions.  The 
Issuer may amend the Terms and Conditions 
with the consent of a majority resolution of the 
Noteholders pursuant to §§ 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG. There will be no amendment of the 
Terms and Conditions without the Issuer's 
consent. 
 
Die Anleihegläubiger können insbesondere 
einer Änderung wesentlicher Inhalte der 
Anleihebedingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 
Absatz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen mit 
Ausnahme der Ersetzung der Emittentin, die in 
§ 10 abschließend geregelt ist, mit den in dem 
nachstehenden § 14(b) genannten Mehrheiten 
zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Anleihegläubiger 
verbindlich. 
In particular, the Noteholders may consent to 
amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, 
including such measures as provided for under 
§ 5(3) of the SchVG, but excluding a 
substitution of the Issuer, which is exclusively 
subject to the provisions in § 10, by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Noteholders as stated under § 14(b) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution will be binding 
upon all Noteholders. 
 
 
(b) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse.  Vorbehaltlich 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes und der Erreichung der 
erforderlichen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
mit 
der 
einfachen 
Mehrheit 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche 
der 
wesentliche 
Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummer 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
"Qualifizierte Mehrheit"). Das Stimmrecht 
ruht, solange die Schuldverschreibungen der 
Emittentin oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) zustehen 
oder für Rechnung der Emittentin oder eines mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens 
gehalten 
werden. 
(b) 
Majority requirements.  Except as provided by 
the following sentence and provided that the 
quorum requirements are being met, the 
Noteholders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5(3) numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, may only be passed by 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a "Qualified 
Majority"). The voting right is suspended as 
long as any Notes are attributable to the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates (within the meaning of 
§ 271(2) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch)) or are being held for the 
account of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
(c) 
Beschlüsse.  Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger 
werden 
entweder 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung nach § 14(c)(i) oder im 
Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung 
nach § 14(c)(ii) getroffen, die von der 
Emittentin oder einem gemeinsamen Vertreter 
einberufen wird.  
(c) 
Resolutions.  Resolutions of the Noteholders 
will be made either in a Noteholders' meeting in 
accordance with § 14(c)(i) or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with § 14(c)(ii), in 
either case convened by the Issuer or a joint 
representative, if any.  
 
 
(i) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Rahmen einer Gläubigerversammlung 
werden nach §§ 9 ff. SchVG getroffen. 
Die 
Einberufung 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
regelt 
die 
weiteren 
Einzelheiten 
der 
Beschlussfassung 
und 
der 
Abstimmung. Mit der Einberufung der 
Gläubigerversammlung werden in der 
Tagesordnung 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
(i) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders in a 
Noteholders' meeting will be made in 
accordance with § 9 et seq. of the 
SchVG. The convening notice of a 
Noteholders' meeting will provide the 
further 
details 
relating 
to 
the 
resolutions and the voting procedure. 
The subject matter of the vote as well 
as the proposed resolutions will be 
notified to Noteholders in the agenda of 
the meeting.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben.  
 
(ii) 
Beschlüsse der Anleihegläubiger im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
werden 
nach 
§ 18 
SchVG getroffen. Die Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
durch 
den 
Abstimmungsleiter regelt die weiteren 
Einzelheiten der Beschlussfassung und 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe 
werden 
die 
Beschlussgegenstände 
sowie 
die 
Vorschläge 
zur 
Beschlussfassung 
den 
Anleihegläubigern bekannt gegeben. 
(ii) 
Resolutions of the Noteholders by 
means of a voting not requiring a 
physical meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) 
will 
be 
made in 
accordance § 18 of the SchVG. The 
request for voting as submitted by the 
chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
will 
provide the further details relating to 
the 
resolutions 
and 
the 
voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the 
vote as well as the proposed resolutions 
will be notified to Noteholders together 
with the request for voting. 
 
 
(d) 
Zweite 
Gläubigerversammlung.  Wird 
die 
Beschlussfähigkeit bei der Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung nach § 14(c)(ii) nicht festgestellt, 
kann 
der 
Abstimmungsleiter 
eine 
Gläubigerversammlung einberufen, welche als 
zweite Gläubigerversammlung im Sinne des 
§ 15(3) Satz 3 SchVG gilt. 
(d) 
Second noteholders' meeting. If it is ascertained 
that no quorum exists for the vote without 
meeting pursuant to § 14(c)(ii), the chairman 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a meeting, 
which shall be deemed to be a second meeting 
within the meaning of § 15(3) sentence 3 of the 
SchVG. 
 
 
(e) 
Anmeldung.  Die Stimmrechtsausübung ist von 
einer 
vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger abhängig. Die Anmeldung 
muss 
bis 
zum 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung (wie in § 14(c)(i) oder 
§ 14(d) beschrieben) bzw. vor dem Beginn des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
im 
Falle 
einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung (wie in 
§ 14(c)(ii) beschrieben) unter der in der 
Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe angegebenen 
Anschrift 
zugehen. 
Zusammen 
mit 
der 
Anmeldung müssen Anleihegläubiger den 
Nachweis ihrer Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der 
Abstimmung 
durch 
eine 
besondere 
Bescheinigung ihrer jeweiligen Depotbank in 
Textform und die Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks 
der Depotbank erbringen, aus dem hervorgeht, 
dass die relevanten Schuldverschreibungen für 
den Zeitraum vom Tag der Absendung der 
Anmeldung 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
bzw. 
dem 
Ende 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragen werden können. 
(e) 
Registration.  The exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the registration of the Noteholders. 
The registration must be received at the address 
stated in the request for voting no later than the 
third day prior to the meeting in the case of a 
Noteholders' meeting (as described in § 14(c)(i) 
or § 14(d)) or the beginning of the voting period 
in the case of voting not requiring a physical 
meeting (as described in § 14(c)(ii)), as the case 
may be. As part of the registration, Noteholders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to participate 
in the vote by means of a special confirmation 
of their respective depositary bank hereof in text 
form and by submission of a blocking 
instruction by the depositary bank stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such registration has been sent 
until and including the stated end of the meeting 
or day the voting period ends, as the case may 
be. 
 
 
(f) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter.  Die Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
die 
Bestellung und Abberufung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Aufgaben und Befugnisse des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung von 
Rechten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
auf 
den 
gemeinsamen Vertreter und eine Beschränkung 
der Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters 
bestimmen. Die Bestellung eines gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn 
er 
ermächtigt 
wird, 
wesentlichen 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen gemäß 
§ 14(a) zuzustimmen. 
(f) 
Joint representative.  The Noteholders may by 
majority resolution provide for the appointment 
or dismissal of a joint representative, the duties 
and responsibilities and the powers of such joint 
representative, the transfer of the rights of the 
Noteholders to the joint representative and a 
limitation of liability of the joint representative. 
Appointment of a joint representative may only 
be passed by a Qualified Majority if such joint 
representative is to be authorised to consent to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms 
and Conditions in accordance with § 14(a) 
hereof. 
 
 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die 
Weisungen 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
zu 
befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser Rechte 
nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat 
der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
den 
The joint representative shall have the duties 
and powers provided by law or granted by 
majority resolutions of the Noteholders. The 
joint representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the extent 
that the joint representative has been authorised 
to assert certain rights of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to assert such 
rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for 
in the relevant majority resolution. The joint 
representative shall provide reports to the 
Noteholders on its activities. The regulations of

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die 
Vorschriften des SchVG. 
the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and 
the other rights and obligations of the joint 
representative. 
 
Die Haftung des gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf 
das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen 
Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit 
zur Last. 
Unless the joint representative is liable for 
wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negligence 
(grobe Fahrlässigkeit), the joint representative's 
liability shall be limited to ten times the amount 
of its annual remuneration. 
 
 
(g) 
Bekanntmachungen.  Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend diesen § 14 erfolgen gemäß den 
§§ 5ff. SchVG sowie nach § 11. 
(g) 
Notices.  Any notices concerning this § 14 will 
be made in accordance with § 5 et seq. of the 
SchVG and § 11. 
 
 
§ 15 
Sprache 
§ 15 
Language 
 
Falls die  
Anleihebe-
dingungen in 
deutscher 
Sprache mit 
einer 
Übersetzung 
in die 
englische 
Sprache  
abgefasst 
sind, ist  
folgendes  
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und 
maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is provided for 
convenience only. 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in 
the  
German  
language 
with an  
English 
language  
translation, 
the following 
applies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only. 
If the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
shall be in 
the  
English  
language 
only, the  
following  
applies:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]1  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, 
jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") 
soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches 
MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]2  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND 
GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-
Handbuchs Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
 
1 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". 
2 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien".  
3 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties 
only". The legend may not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.]4 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); EITHER5 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR6 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]7.]8  
[MIFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs 
– zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle 
Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), 
umfasst; ENTWEDER9 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich 
Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER10 [und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien 
angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen 
sind 
- 
Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes 
dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]11, zu bestimmen.]12  
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
 
4 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach 
Standort der Konzepteure, kann es Situationen geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Legende oder beide enthalten sind. 
5 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines").  
6 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if 
the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
7 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
8 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". 
9 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") ESMA komplex sind.  
10 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der 
Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße 
Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Article 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.  
11 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.  
12 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger".

--- Page 89 ---
89 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER13 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]14] OR15 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]16.]17 
[UK MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs 
– zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 
Punkt (8) der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") 
Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des FCA-Handbuchs Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS") und professionelle Kunden im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie aufgrund des 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, umfasst; ENTWEDER18 [und 
(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]19] ODER20 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind, und 
(iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - 
Anlageberatung[,/ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung] 
[und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick 
auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der 
Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA-Handbuch Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder 
durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
 
13 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
14 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all 
channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
15 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
16 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail clients without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
17 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market". The legend may 
not be necessary if the Dealers in relation to the Notes are also not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
18 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). 
19 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht notwendig, insbesondere im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im 
britischen Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert), wenn alle Vertriebskanäle angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den 
Beispielen der ESMA-Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
20 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (im UK Kontext, wie im COBS reflektiert). Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die 
Bestimmung der Geeignetheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung 
von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter dem COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. 
Angemessenheit]21, zu bestimmen.]22 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
(as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]23  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger 
im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese 
verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung 
bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein 
Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, "MiFID 
II"); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
"Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 
10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die "Prospektverordnung"). Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die "PRIIPs-
Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-
Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]24 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]25 
 
21 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Geeignetheitsprüfung 
erforderlich. 
22 
Legende einsetzen, wenn UK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". Die Legende ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, wenn die Händler in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen ebenfalls 
nicht der UK MiFIR unterliegen und es daher keine UK MiFIR-Konzepteure gibt. Je nach Standort der Konzepteure kann es Situationen 
geben, in denen entweder die MiFID II Product Governance Legende oder die UK MiFIR Product Governance Legende oder beide 
enthalten sind. 
23 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" as "Not 
Applicable".  
24 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "Nicht anwendbar" erklären.  
25 
Include legend unless the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not Applicable". 
The assumption is that if there are potentially sales in the European Economic Area it is likely that there will also potentially be sales in 
the United Kingdom and vice versa such that the United Kingdom Prohibition and European Economic Area Prohibition would both be 
included unless turned off.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
("GB") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in GB nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in 
sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Punkt (8) 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, wie sie aufgrund des European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist; oder (ii) ein Kunde im Sinne der Bestimmungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (der 
"FSMA") und jeglicher Vorschriften oder Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 
2016/97 erlassen wurden, wenn dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Punkt (8) 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, wie sie durch das EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist, qualifiziert wäre; oder (iii) kein 
qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung ist, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des nationalen 
Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, wie sie aufgrund des EUWA Teil des 
nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB erstellt; daher kann 
das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in GB 
nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]26 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the 
Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) von Singapur (der "SFA") und den 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die "CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die 
Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass 
es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 
definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) 
handelt.] 
 
 
 
26 
Legende einzufügen, sofern nicht die Endgültigen Bedingungen das "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für 
"Nicht anwendbar" erklären. Es wird davon ausgegangen, dass, wenn es potenziell Verkäufe im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum gibt, es 
potenziell auch Verkäufe im Vereinigten Königreich gibt und umgekehrt, sodass sowohl das Verkaufsverbot im Vereinigten Königreich 
als auch das Verkaufsverbot im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum einzufügen wären, sofern sie nicht unangewendet bleiben.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Dated [●] 
Datum [●] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
COVESTRO AG  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 3912005AWHKLQ1CPLV11  
 
[Offer][Issue] of 
[Angebot][Emission] von 
[Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] 
[Gesamtnennbetrag der Tranche] 
[Title of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der Schuldverschreibungen] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche 
Serie bilden] 
issued as 
begeben als 
Series 
[●] 
Tranche 
[●] 
Serie 
Tranche 
 
under the 
unter dem 
Euro 5,000,000,000  
DEBT ISSUANCE PROGRAMME 
of 
der 
COVESTRO AG  
 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. 
Begebungstag: 
[●] 
Emissionspreis: 
[●] %

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Important Notice 
This document constitutes the final terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein (the "Final Terms"). These Final 
Terms have been prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base 
prospectus dated March 12, 2021 [(, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus dated [●],)] (the "Base 
Prospectus") which constitute(s) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Base Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
[A summary of the individual issue of Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]27  
[This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which are 
extracted from the terms and conditions contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated [March 12, 2020] [February, 26 
2016], which have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.]28 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Dieses Dokument stellt die endgültigen Bedingungen für die Emission der hierin beschriebenen Schuldverschreibungen dar 
(die "Endgültigen Bedingungen"). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikel 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, die 
"Prospektverordnung") abgefasst und sind nur mit dem Basisprospekt vom 12. März 2021 [(ergänzt durch [den][die] 
[Nachtrag][Nachträge] zum Basisprospekt vom [●])] (der "Basisprospekt"), der einen Basisprospekt im Sinne der 
Prospektverordnung darstellt, gemeinsam zu lesen. Der Basisprospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer 
Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Vollständige Informationen in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin und das Angebot sind nur in der Gesamtheit dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen und dem Basisprospekt 
enthalten. 
[Eine Zusammenfassung für die einzelne Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beigefügt.]29  
[Dieses Dokument ist in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt zu lesen, mit Ausnahme der Anleihebedingungen, die den in dem 
Basisprospekt der Emittentin vom [12. März 2020] [26. Februar 2016] enthaltenen Anleihebedingungen entnommen wurden, 
und die per Verweis in den Basisprospekt einbezogen sind.]30  
 
27 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or EUR 100,000 equivalent of 
any other currency.  
28 
Insert in the case of an issue of Notes which will be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued in the relevant 
year. 
29 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000 oder dem entsprechenden Betrag einer anderen Währung. 
30 
Im Falle einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen einsetzen, die mit im relevanten Jahre begebenen Schuldverschreibungen 
konsolidiert werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
PART I – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[A. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:] 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [, and the English language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below. 
[In the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.] 
[In the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders.]] 
[B. 
[In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Base Prospectus as Option I or Option II including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, insert:] 
This Part I of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with [fixed] [floating] interest rates set forth in the Base Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] (the "Terms and 
Conditions"). Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
All references in this Part I of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Footnotes 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms. The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which 
are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions 
corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Terms and Conditions together 
with Part I of these Final Terms constitute the "Conditions").] 
TEIL I – VERTRAGLICHE REGELUNGEN 
[A. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, 
einfügen:] 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie deren 
englischsprachige Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen.]] 
[B. 
[Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Verweisung auf die 
betreffenden im Basisprospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen:] 
Dieser Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet, zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] 
im Basisprospekt enthalten ist (die "Anleihebedingungen"). Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, 
haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
Anwendbare Bestimmung einfügen oder als "Nicht anwendbar" (N/A) kennzeichnen. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Reihenfolge der Nummerierung unverändert bleibt, auch wenn einzelne Abschnitte oder Unterabschnitte als "nicht 
anwendbar" gekennzeichnet sind. Fußnoten kennzeichnen Erläuterungen für die Bearbeitung der Endgültigen

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Bedingungen. Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob 
die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen 
der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt 
noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die Anleihebedingungen zusammen mit diesem Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind die 
"Bedingungen") gestrichen.]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
§ 1 
Currency, Specified Denomination, Form 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Festgelegte Stückelung, Form 
 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
Festgelegte Währung: 
[●] 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●]31 
Gesamtnennbetrag: 
[●]32 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]33 
Festgelegte Stückelung: 
[●]34 
Clearing System(s) 
 
Clearingsystem(e) 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
Clearstream, Luxembourg / Euroclear 
 
Global Note 
 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note or deposited with Clearstream 
Frankfurt 
 
 
Classical Global Note oder Verwahrung durch 
Clearstream Frankfurt 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
§ 3 
Interest 
 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I) 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
Zinssatz:  
[●] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
Erster Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Initial Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
31 
Insert currency and amount of the Tranche.  
32 
Währung und Betrag der Tranche einfügen.  
33 
The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such 
other currency at least equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes.  
34 
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt in EUR 1.000 oder, soweit in einer anderen Währung als Euro begeben, den 
Betrag in dieser Währung, der zum Zeitpunkt der Ausgabe der Schuldverschreibungen mindestens EUR 1.000 entspricht.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
 
Festgelegter Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
 
Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Dem Endfälligkeitstag vorausgehender 
 
Zinszahlungstag: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Final Broken Interest Amount per Specified 
 
Denomination: 
[●] 
 
 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
 
Festgelegter Stückelung: 
[●] 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
 
Determination Date(s): 
[●]35 
 
 
Feststellungstermin(e): 
[●]36 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
 
 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
 
Verzinsungsbeginn: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Specified Interest Period(s): 
[[specify number] [weeks / months]] 
 
 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n): 
[[Zahl einfügen] [Wochen / Monate]] 
 
Business Day Convention 
 
 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
 
 
☐ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
(adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
FRN Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
35 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.  
36 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, deren Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) ist. 
Reguläre Zinszahlungstage mit Ausnahme des Begebungstags und des Fälligkeitstags im Falle von kurzen oder langen ersten oder 
letzten Zinsperioden einfügen.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
☐ 
Preceding Business Day Convention (adjusted) 
 
 
Business Day 
 
 
Geschäftstag 
 
 
☐ 
TARGET 
 
 
☐ 
Relevant financial centre(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum / zentren: 
[●] 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
 
Zinssatz 
 
 
Reference Rate 
 
 
Referenzsatz 
 
 
Period: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-month-EURIBOR 
 
Zeitraum: 
[1 / 3 / 6 / 12]-Monats-EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Interpolation: 
[first][last] Interest Period 
 
 
Interpolation: 
[erste][letzte] Zinsperiode 
 
☐ 
Margin: 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Marge: 
[●] % 
 
 
☐ 
plus 
 
 
 
 
zuzüglich 
 
 
 
☐ 
minus 
 
 
 
 
abzüglich 
 
 
Day Count Fraction 
 
 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual – ISDA 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
 
☐ 
30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis 
 
 
☐ 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis 
 
§ 4 
Redemption 
 
§ 4 
Rückzahlung 
 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Endfälligkeitstag: 
[●] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer at the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount:37 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Make-
Whole Rückzahlungsbetrag:38 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
Present Value: 
Benchmark Yield plus [●] % 
 
Abgezinster Marktwert: 
Benchmark Rendite zuzüglich [●] % 
 
37 
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Notes. 
38 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Benchmark Yield: 
[Euro denominated benchmark debt security of the 
Federal Republic of Germany] [other relevant 
benchmark] specifying the following details: ISIN or 
other securities code, as observed at around noon 
[(Frankfurt time)] [other relevant time] on such date on 
Bloomberg page [ISIN] Govt HP (using the setting "Last 
Yield to Convention" and using the pricing source 
["FRNK"] [other source as relevant]), or as derived or 
published by such other source as determined by the 
Calculation Agent] 
 
 
Benchmark Rendite: 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzanleihe] unter Angabe 
folgender 
Einzelheiten: 
ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung, wie gegen 12:00 Uhr mittags 
[(Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere relevante Zeitzone] an 
diesem Tag auf der Bloomberg Seite [ISIN] Govt HP 
(unter Nutzung der Einstellung "Last Yield to 
Convention" und der Preisquelle ["FRNK"] [andere 
relevante Preisquelle]) abgelesen, oder wie von einer 
anderen, durch die Berechnungsstelle festgelegten, 
Quelle hergeleitet oder veröffentlicht] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer during a call 
redemption period:39 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin während 
einer Call-Rückzahlungsperiode:40 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Call Redemption Period(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsperiode: 
[●] 
 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Call-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer upon occurrence of 
a transaction related event: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Eintritt 
eines transaktionsbezogenen Ereignisses: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Transaction Trigger Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
Transaktions-Rückzahlungsbetrag: 
[●] 
 
 
Transaction Notice Period: 
[Not applicable] [●] to [●] 
 
 
Transaktionskündigungsfrist: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [●] bis [●] 
 
 
Transaction: 
[Insert description of transaction] 
 
39 
Only applicable in the case of Fixed Rate Notes.  
40 
Nur im Falle von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
Transaktion: 
[Beschreibung der Transaktion einfügen] 
Early redemption at the option of the Issuer for minimal 
outstanding principal amount: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen eines 
geringen ausstehenden Nennbetrags: 
[Ja][Nein] 
Early Redemption at the option of the Noteholder: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Anleihegläubiger: 
[Ja][Nein] 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Put-Rückzahlungstag(e): 
[●] 
 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Put-Rückzahlungsbetrag / beträge: 
[●] 
Early Redemption as a result of a Change of Control: 
[Yes][No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung im Falle eines Kontrollwechsels: 
[Ja][Nein] 
§ 5 
Payments 
 
§ 5 
Zahlungen 
 
Financial centre(s) relating to Payment Business Dates: 
[Not applicable][●]41 
Finanzzentrum (-zentren) in Bezug auf Zahltage: 
[Nicht anwendbar][●]42 
§ 9 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent [, Calculation Agent] 
§ 9 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle [, Berechnungsstelle] 
☐ 
Calculation Agent: 
[insert name and address] 
 
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Angabe von Name und Adresse] 
§ 15 
Language43 
§ 15 
Sprache44 
☐ 
German and English, German binding 
 
 
Deutsch und Englisch, Deutsch bindend 
 
☐ 
English only 
 
 
Nur Englisch 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
Only to be completed for an issue of Fixed Rate Notes and only if the Specified Currency is not Euro. 
42 
Nur zu vervollständigen für Emissionen von festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, bei der die Festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist.  
43 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. 
44 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION45 
TEIL II – ANDERE INFORMATIONEN46 
Listing and admission to trading 
Börsennotierung und Zulassung zum Handel 
☐ 
Regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
 
☐ 
Other market: 
[give details] 
 
Anderer Markt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Date of admission: 
[insert date] 
 
Datum der Zulassung: 
[Angabe des Datums] 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to 
trading:47 
[give details] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum 
Handel:48 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME 
Growth Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be 
offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading:49 
[give details] 
 
Angabe aller geregelten Märkte, Drittlandsmärkte, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach 
Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der 
gleichen 
Wertpapierkategorie, 
die 
zum 
Handel 
angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum 
Handel zugelassen sind:50  
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their commitment:51 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer 
festen Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig 
sind und Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen 
erwirtschaften, 
und 
Beschreibung 
der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung:52 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
☐ 
Not admitted to trading 
 
 
Nicht zum Handel zugelassen 
 
 
45 
There is no obligation to complete Part II of the Final Terms in the case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any regulated market 
within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
46 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindesten EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an 
einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen. 
47 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
48 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.  
49 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
50 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.  
51 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
52 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
☐ 
The Notes to be issued have been rated as follows53 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden wie folgt geratet54 
 
 
☐ 
Moody's: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
S&P: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
Fitch: 
[●] 
 
☐ 
[Other]55: 
[●] 
☐ 
The Notes have not been rated. 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wurden nicht geratet. 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von natürlichen oder juristischen Personen, die bei der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
☐ 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] 
 
[Soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist, hat keine Person, die bei dem Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen beteiligt ist, 
Interessen, die für das Angebot von wesentlicher Bedeutung sind.]  
☐ 
Other interest (specify): 
[specify details] 
 
Andere Interessen (angeben): 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and Net Proceeds 
Gründe für das Angebot und Nettoerlöse 
 
Use of proceeds / reasons for the offer:56 
[specify details] 
 
Verwendung der Emissionserlöse / Gründe für das 
Angebot:57 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:58 
[●] 
 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag des Emissionserlöses:59 
[●] 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue:60 
[●] 
 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission:61 
[●] 
Yield and Historic Interest Rates 
Rendite und Zinssätze der Vergangenheit 
 
Yield:62 
[●] 
 
53 
Include brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider. 
54 
Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufnehmen, sofern zuvor von der Ratingagentur veröffentlicht. 
55 
Indicate whether the rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
 
Angabe, ob die Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß der CRA-Verordnung registriert ist. 
56 
See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of 
Covestro include those reasons here.  
57 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Basisprospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken 
von Covestro bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
58 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use will need to split up and present in order of priority. Not to be split up in the 
case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
59 
Sofern der Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht aufzuschlüsseln bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegte Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000.  
60 
Only required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. If proceeds are intended for more than one principal 
use, the total expenses will need to split up accordingly and present according to the priority of the use. 
61 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. Sofern der 
Emissionserlös für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind die Gesamtkosten entsprechend aufzuschlüsseln und 
entsprechend der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
62 
Not required in the case of Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Rendite:63 
[●] 
 
Details of historic EURIBOR rates and the future 
performance as well as their volatility can be obtained 
(not free of charge) by electronic means from:64 
[Reuters EURIBOR01] [●] 
 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen EURIBOR Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Weiterentwicklungen sowie 
ihre 
Volatilität 
können 
(nicht 
kostenfrei) 
auf 
elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden unter:65 
[Reuters EURIBOR01] [●] 
Placing and Underwriting 
Platzierung und Übernahme 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area:66 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum:67 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom:68 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich:69 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[None][give name] 
Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[Keiner][Angabe des Namens] 
Method of Placement70 
 
Art der Platzierung71 
 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
 
 
 
Syndiziert 
 
 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the 
global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to 
the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or 
the placers in the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[give details] 
 
 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der 
Koordinatoren des gesamten Angebots sowie 
einzelner Angebotsteile und - sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt – Name 
und Anschrift derjenigen, die das Angebot in den 
verschiedenen Ländern platzieren: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
63 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen.  
64 
Only required in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
65 
Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000.  
66 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document ("KID") will be prepared in the European Economic Area, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
67 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und 
es wird ein Basisinformationsblatt ("KID") im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
68 
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified. 
69 
Sind die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte oder die Schuldverschreibungen sind "verpackte" Produkte und 
es wird ein KID im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt, so sollte "Nicht anwendbar" ausgewählt werden. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein KID vorbereitet wird, ist "Anwendbar" auszuwählen. 
70 
Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
71 
Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
If syndicated, names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments of Lead Manager(s) 
and Manager(s): 
[give details]72 
 
 
Falls syndiziert: Namen und Adressen und 
Übernahmeverpflichtungen des oder der Lead 
Manager(s) und der Manager: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten]73 
 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[insert date] 
 
 
Datum des Übernahmevertrags: 
[Datum angeben] 
 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
 
 
 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 
 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[give name] 
 
 
Falls nicht syndiziert, Name und Adresse des 
Dealers: 
[Angabe des Namens] 
 
 
The various categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered: 
[give details] 
 
 
Angabe der verschiedenen Kategorien der 
potentiellen Investoren, dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen angeboten werden: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
If the offer is being made simultaneously in the 
markets of two or more countries and if a tranche 
has been or is being reserved for certain of these, 
indicate such tranche: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten 
zwei oder mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine 
bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte 
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern 
zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren 
möglich ist: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Dealer's commission:74 
[●] 
 
Provision der Dealer:75 
[●] 
Security Codes and Eurosystem eligibility 
 
Wertpapierkennung and EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
72 
Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names and addresses of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.  
73 
Namen und Adressen der Institute einfügen, die bereit sind, eine Emission auf fester Zusagebasis zu übernehmen und Einzelheiten über 
Institute, die bereit sind ohne feste Zusage oder gemäß Vereinbarungen "zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen" zu platzieren, falls diese 
nicht mit den Managern identisch sind.  
74 
Including discretionary fee, if any (insert up to amount). Not required in the case of an issue of Notes with a Specified Denomination of 
at least EUR 100,000.  
75 
Gegebenenfalls einschließlich sog. 'discretionary fee' (bis zu Betrag angeben). Nicht erforderlich im Fall einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
WKN: 
[●] 
 
 
[CFI:] 
[●] 
 
 
[FISN:] 
[●] 
 
 
[Any other security number:] 
[●] 
 
 
[Sonstige Wertpapierkennung:] 
[●] 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
New Global Note: 
[Ja] [Nein] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] [Not applicable in the case of a Classical Global 
Note] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden: 
[Ja] [Nein] [Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Classical Global 
Note] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]76 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Wertpapiere nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt 
werden und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
entweder nach Begebung oder zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]77 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them, the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper (and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper). Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]78 
 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können sich die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft derart ändern, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sein werden diese 
einzuhalten. Die Schuldverschreibungen können dann bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt (und 
 
76 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN deposited with one of the ICSDs.  
77 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN.  
78 
Include explanation in the case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
auf den Namen eines Nominees von einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer eingetragen) werden. Es ist zu 
beachten, dass die Schuldverschreibungen selbst dann nicht 
notwendigerweise als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosystems 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]79 
 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main and that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.]80 
 
 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "Ja" hier lediglich 
bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer 
Begebung von Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
verwahrt werden und dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
ihrer Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit nicht 
notwendigerweise als EZB-fähige Sicherheiten anerkannt 
werden. Eine solche Anerkennung hängt davon ab, ob die 
Zulässigkeitskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.]81 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer to the Public82 
Bedingungen des öffentlichen Angebots83 
 
Issue Price at which the Notes will be offered:84 
[insert percentage rate] per cent. 
 
Emissionspreis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
voraussichtlich angeboten werden:85 
[Prozentsatz einfügen] % 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[give details] 
 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not fixed, 
description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of the 
offer: 
[give details] 
 
Gesamtsumme des Angebots, wenn die Summe nicht 
feststeht, Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen 
Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of 
the application process: 
[give details] 
 
79 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
80 
Include explanation in the case of Notes deposited with Clearstream, Frankfurt. 
81 
Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream, Frankfurt.  
82 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
83 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen. 
84 
Include those expenses contained in the price, to the extent that they are known. 
85 
Aufnahme der im Preis enthaltenen Kosten, soweit bekannt.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot vorliegt und Beschreibung des 
Antragsverfahrens: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Description of possible reduction of subscriptions and 
manner of refunding excess amount paid by applicants: 
[give details] 
 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Rückerstattung 
des zuviel gezahlten Betrages an die Zeichner: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[give details] 
 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
[give details] 
 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere 
und ihre Lieferung 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Manner and date on which results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[give details] 
 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die 
Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[give details] 
 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Übertragbarkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung von nicht 
ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechten: 
[Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber/purchaser: 
[not applicable][give details] 
 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung 
gestellt werden: 
[nicht anwendbar][Angabe von Einzelheiten] 
Public Offer and information to be provided regarding the 
consent by the Issuer: 
[not applicable] 
Öffentliches Angebot und zur Verfügung zu stellende 
Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin: 
[nicht anwendbar] 
 
Final placement of the Notes in the following 
jurisdictions: 
[Luxembourg] [,] [and] [Germany] [,] [and] [Austria] [,] [and] 
[The Netherlands]  
 
Endgültige Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen in 
den folgenden Jurisdiktionen: 
[Luxemburg] [,] [und] [Deutschland] [,] [und] [,] [Österreich] 
[und] [die Niederlande]  
 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final 
placement of the Notes by Dealers and/or further 
financial intermediaries can be made: 
[Not applicable] [Specify offer period] 
 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere 
Weiterveräußerung oder endgültige Platzierung von 
Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder weitere 
Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann: 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten zur Angebotsfrist einfügen]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
[Listing application 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list the issue of Notes described herein pursuant to the 
Euro 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Covestro AG on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
[Antrag auf Börsennotierung 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Details, die erforderlich sind, um die hierin beschriebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen des Euro 5.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Covestro AG an der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse zu notieren.] 
Authorisation 
The issue of this Series of Notes was authorised by a resolution of the management board of Covestro AG passed on [●]. 
Genehmigung 
Die Emission dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen wurde durch einen Beschluss des Vorstandes der Covestro AG vom [●] 
genehmigt. 
[Third Party Information 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●].] 
[Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: (i) Die 
Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt 
ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen 
wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin 
hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende 
Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Covestro AG 
 
By: 
_________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 109 ---
109 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Group 
Covestro AG, together with its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associated entities, forms the Group. Covestro AG is the ultimate 
parent of the Group. 
Name, Registered Seat (Sitz) and Purpose (Unternehmensgegenstand) of Covestro AG 
Covestro AG is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) organized under German law. Covestro AG was established on 
August 20, 2015 and was registered with the Commercial Register of the local court of Cologne (Amtsgericht Köln), Germany, 
under docket number 85281 on August 24, 2015 under the legal name "Covestro AG". Covestro AG is the holding company 
of the Group, which operates under the commercial name "Covestro" and previously operated under the commercial name 
"Bayer MaterialScience". 
Covestro AG's registered office and business address is Covestro AG, Kaiser-Wilhelm-Allee 60, 51373 Leverkusen, Germany 
(Tel: +49 214 6009 2000). The website of the Issuer is www.covestro.com. The information on the website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to section 2 of the articles of association of Covestro AG dated October 13, 2020, the corporate purpose of Covestro 
AG is manufacturing, marketing and other industrial activities and the provision of services in the area of polymers and 
chemicals. Covestro AG is authorized to undertake all business which is related to, or directly or indirectly serves, the object 
of the company. Covestro AG may establish, acquire and take participating interests in other companies, in particular those 
whose objects fully or partially cover the above-mentioned field. Covestro AG may bring companies, in which it holds 
participating interests, under its uniform control or confine itself to the administration thereof. Covestro AG may transfer their 
operations in full or in part to newly established or existing subsidiaries or affiliates. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of Covestro AG is: 3912005AWHKLQ1CPLV11. 
Fiscal Year  
Covestro AG's fiscal year is the calendar year.  
Term and Dissolution  
Covestro AG has been founded for an unlimited term and may be dissolved upon a resolution of the general meeting requiring 
a majority of at least three quarters of the share capital represented during the resolution. The assets of Covestro AG remaining 
after servicing all liabilities are distributed among the shareholders pro rata to their shareholding in Covestro AG pursuant to 
the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
Shareholder Structure 
Covestro AG's share capital as of the date of this Base Prospectus amounts to EUR 193,200,000 divided into 193,200,000 
ordinary registered shares with no par value (Stückaktien). The share capital of Covestro AG is fully paid up.  
The current share capital has been impacted by a capital increase that Covestro successfully completed on October 13, 2020. 
10,200,000 no-par value bearer shares were placed through partial utilization of its authorized capital. The gross proceeds 
amounted to EUR 447 million before commission. 
On the basis of the notifications received by Covestro AG as of the date of this Base Prospectus in accordance with the German 
Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz - WpHG) and pursuant to information provided by the respective 
shareholders, the following shareholders directly or indirectly hold more than 3 per cent. of Covestro AG's ordinary shares. 
The percentage values shown in the table below are based on the amount of voting rights last notified to Covestro AG with 
regard to the stated reference date by the respective shareholder pursuant to Sections 33 et seqq. WpHG (without taking into 
account voting rights attached to financial instruments) in relation to Covestro AG's share capital as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It should be noted that the number of voting rights last notified could have changed since such notifications were 
submitted to Covestro AG without requiring the relevant shareholder to submit a corresponding voting rights notification if no 
notifiable thresholds have been reached or crossed:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Actual (direct or indirect) ownership of Covestro AG 
Shareholder 
Share of voting rights  
Allianz Global Investors GmbH 
5,853,973 voting rights (3.03%) 
BlackRock, Inc. 
11,979,455 voting rights (6.20%) 
Norges Bank 
9,547,037 voting rights (4.94%) 
T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
5,908,162 voting rights (3.06%) 
Total 
33,288,627 voting rights (17.23%) 
Statutory auditors 
The independent auditor of Covestro AG for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, was KPMG AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Tersteegenstraße 19-23, 40474 Düsseldorf, Germany ("KPMG"). KPMG is a member of the 
German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, Germany.  
KPMG was selected by the Annual General Meeting of the Issuer on July 30, 2020 as auditor for the fiscal year 2020 on 
recommendation of the supervisory board of the Issuer, following a selection procedure performed in line with Article 16 of 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 16, 2014 on specific requirements 
regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing Commission Decision 2005/909/EC. 
Ratings  
Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") has assigned a "Baa2"86 rating (outlook negative) to Covestro AG. 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, a security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any negative 
change in the credit rating of Covestro AG could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. Investors should consider 
each rating individually and obtain additional and more detailed understanding of the significance of the respective credit 
rating information provided by the respective rating agency. 
The Credit rating included or referred to in this Base Prospectus has been issued by Moody's, which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of September 
16, 2009 on credit rating agencies and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
History 
Prior to its separation (the "Separation"), the Group was part of the German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical 
company Bayer (the "Bayer Group") as a subgroup. 
In the process of Separation, the entire MaterialScience business of the Bayer Group was concentrated underneath Covestro 
Deutschland AG (formerly Bayer MaterialScience Aktiengesellschaft) through several share and asset transactions. The 
separation of the MaterialScience business is governed by a master agreement (the "Master Agreement") between Bayer AG 
and Covestro Deutschland AG, in which the parties agreed on a number of overarching rules and principles. Pursuant to the 
principles outlined in the Master Agreement, Covestro Deutschland AG has assumed certain responsibility inter alia for: 
(i) environmental contamination arising in connection with properties owned by it or its subsidiaries or transferred to it or its 
subsidiaries as part of the formation of the MaterialScience business or transferred to it or its subsidiaries in the course of the 
carve-out and reorganization, (ii) warranty and product liability claims of third parties arising out of or in connection with 
defective products which were put on the market prior to August 31, 2015 and (iii) liabilities resulting from violations of law. 
With effect as of September 1, 2015, Bayer AG contributed all shares in Covestro Deutschland AG to the unrestricted capital 
reserves (ungebundene Kapitalrücklage) of Covestro AG. From the date of this contribution the Group operated under the 
name "Covestro" independently from the Bayer Group. 
On September 4, 2015, Bayer announced to proceed with an Initial Public Offering of Covestro AG. Beginning from 
September 21, 2015 shares in Covestro AG were offered to the public in Germany and Luxembourg and to institutional and 
 
86 Moody's defines "Baa2" as follows: "Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such 
may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from 
Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates 
a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category". 
 
Holders should be aware that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by 
the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
qualified investors in certain other jurisdictions including the United States. The offer concluded on October 2, 2015, the offer 
price was fixed at EUR 24.00 per share. The gross proceeds from the offering amounted to EUR 1.5 billion. 
On October 6, 2015, Covestro AG was listed and traded for the first time on the regulated market (Prime Standard) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse). 
Group Structure 
Covestro AG is the parent company of the Group. Covestro AG's business is not conducted by Covestro AG itself but almost 
entirely by the relevant operating subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2020, the Group includes Covestro AG and 47 consolidated 
companies worldwide, of which 9 are German companies.  
The following chart provides an overview of selected subsidiaries of Covestro AG at the date of the Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Covestro AG is the stock exchange listed parent company of the Group. Covestro AG and Covestro Deutschland AG have 
entered into a domination and profit and loss transfer agreement (Beherrschungs- und Ergebnisabführungsvertrag) effective 
as of September 1, 2015. There also are certain profit and loss transfer agreements (Ergebnisabführungsverträge) between 
certain other companies of the Group. 
The main operating companies of the Group are Covestro Deutschland AG in Germany, Covestro Polymers (China) 
Company Limited in China and Covestro LLC in the U.S.A. 
Covestro GmbH is a subsidiary of Covestro Deutschland AG and the Group's legal entity for sales services in Germany. Under 
the internal functional description as Supply Chain Centre (SCC), the company is also responsible for the regional outbound 
supply chain operations of the business units in EMLA. 
Covestro NV in Belgium is a manufacturing company and additionally serves as hub for support- and sales functions. Covestro 
International SA in Switzerland is responsible for sales of the entire Group's product portfolio in Eastern Europe, the Middle 
East and Africa, as well as for certain products of the business unit Polyurethanes to certain customers in Western Europe. MS 
Covestro AG 
(Germany) 
Covestro Deutschland 
AG 
(Germany) 
Covestro Polymers 
(China) Co., Ltd. 
(China) 
Covestro Far East 
(Hong Kong) Ltd. 
(Hong Kong, China) 
Covestro (Hong Kong) 
Ltd. 
(Hong Kong, China) 
Covestro (Thailand) 
Co., Ltd. 
(Thailand) 
MS Holding B.V. 
(The Netherlands) 
Covestro LLC  
(U.S.A.) 
Covestro PO LLC 
(U.S.A.) 
Covestro GmbH 
(Germany) 
MS Global AG 
(Switzerland) 
Covestro NV 
(Belgium) 
Covestro International 
SA 
(Switzerland) 
99.99% 
0.10% 
0.10% 
99.80% 
EMLA 
NAFTA 
APAC 
0.0004% 
Covestro (Shanghai) 
Investment Co. Ltd. 
(China)

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Holding B.V., The Netherlands, serves as a holding for foreign and domestic affiliated companies as well as hosting of the 
Dutch sales support activities. 
Covestro (Hong Kong) Limited in Hong Kong, China, is engaged in the selling and distribution of the Group's products in the 
Asia Pacific Region. Covestro Far East (Hong Kong) Limited in Hong Kong, China, is an investment holding company of 
Covestro (Hong Kong) Limited. Covestro Polymers (China) Co., Limited in China is the main manufacturing company of the 
Group in China. Covestro (Shanghai) Investment Company Limited is the regional headquarter of Covestro in China. One of 
its key roles is the responsibility for domestic sales in China. 
Covestro LLC in the U.S.A. is the main operating company in the Group in the U.S.A. Covestro PO LLC (formerly Bayer 
PO LLC) in the U.S.A. is the operational entity for the Group's propylene oxide joint venture with Lyondell Chemical 
Company in the U.S.A. 
Business Overview  
Based on its internal market analysis, the Group considers itself one of the world's leading providers of high-tech material 
solutions. Its activities comprise the production and supply of raw materials for polyurethanes, polycarbonate resins, and raw 
materials for coatings, adhesives and sealants, as well as selected chemical intermediates. The Group's product portfolio also 
includes niche products such as thermoplastic polyurethanes ("TPU"), polycarbonate- and TPU-based films, hot cast 
elastomers and other products tailored to textile, cosmetic and medical applications. The Group has a strong track record of 
process and product innovation as well as close customer relationships that underpin its tradition of developing market-driven 
solutions. The products manufactured by the Group are processed by customers to create products used in various end markets, 
including, in particular, automotive/transport, construction, wood/furniture, electrical/electronics, sports/leisure, cosmetics, 
health and chemicals. 
The Group benefits from a well-invested asset base with what it believes is leading process technology and a total nameplate 
production capacity of 5,000 kt of core products in its Polyurethanes and Polycarbonates business units, including eight 
world-scale production sites across Europe, the United States and Asia. The Group's selectively backward integrated 
production process is aimed at sourcing critical raw materials such as chlorine, propylene oxide and other feedstock internally 
or through joint ventures, thereby reducing its dependency on external sourcing. 
The Group's business combines the benefits of standardized products and customized high-value solutions, which aim to meet 
the needs of customers as they confront fundamental macro trends such as climate change, increasing mobility, population 
growth and increasing urbanization. The Group believes that it is well-positioned to capture industry growth driven by such 
trends due to its competitive advantages. According to the internal market analysis of the Group, the industry is expected to 
grow due to favourable demand trends over the next five years. 
The Group's business is divided into three business units, which are also the Group's three reportable segments: 
• 
The Group's Polyurethanes business unit produces a variety of grades of Methylene diphenyl diisocyanate ("MDI"), 
Toluene Diisocyanate ("TDI") and polyether polyols mainly for rigid and flexible foams. Rigid foams are primarily 
used for building insulation, cold-chain insulation and for automotive parts, while flexible foams are primarily used 
for furniture, mattresses and car seats. The business unit also produces other products such as styrene, Toluene 
Diamine ("TDA") and raw materials for Elastomer-specialities. 
• 
The Group's Polycarbonates business unit produces polycarbonate resins and compounded resins. Polycarbonates 
have unique properties that facilitate their use in a wide range of applications in the electrical/electronics, automotive, 
construction, consumer appliance, medical, packaging and optical media end markets.  
• 
The Coatings, Adhesives and Specialties business unit produces mainly aliphatic isocyanates and their derivatives, 
aromatic isocyanate derivatives, polyurethane dispersions and other specialties. The business unit produces 
approximately 2,700 products for a wide range of end markets, including automotive, construction, wood/furniture, 
packaging and footwear/textiles/clothing and electronics. 
All other business activities by the Group that cannot be allocated to one of the three reportable segments are recorded under 
"All other segments", which mainly includes external net sales of chlorine and certain by-products that are created during the 
production of chlorine and processing of chlorine during the isocyanate production, in particular caustic soda and hydrochloric 
acid. 
The Group is engaged in continuous programs of research and development of new products and production processes, 
improvement and refinement of existing products and processes, and development of new applications for existing products, 
often conducted in close collaboration with customers.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
The Group has a regional sales and marketing structure with supply chain centres and local operations supported by an 
e-commerce platform and regional or local distributors. The Group's sales for each business unit are organized in three regions 
- EMLA, APAC and NAFTA. In each of these regions, the Group's customers include global, regional and local operating 
businesses, many of whom are long-term customers of the Group.  
In the Fiscal Year 2020, the Group had external net sales of EUR 10,706 million and EBITDA of EUR 1,472 million. The 
Group defines "EBITDA" as EBIT plus amortization and impairment losses on intangible assets, and depreciation and 
impairment losses in property, plant and equipment, less impairment loss reversals. "EBIT" is defined as income after income 
taxes plus financial result and income tax expense. 
The Group is headquartered in Leverkusen, Germany. The Group had 16,501 full-time equivalents on December 31, 2020.  
In 2020, Covestro launched the "LEAP" global transformation program. This program is intended to realign structures, 
processes, and control mechanisms in order to position the Group to the best extent possible. To implement this, Covestro aims 
to restructure its organization, workflows, and responsibilities. Covestro’s plans include structuring its business into standard 
products on the one hand and specialty products on the other. Furthermore, the program aims to bundle certain areas of 
competence across the Group with the primary objective of improving the business, especially with a view to sustainability 
and the circular economy. The measures under the transformation program are scheduled to start in mid-2021 and be completed 
by the end of the year 2023. 
Selected Consolidated Financial Information  
The following selected historical financial information for the Group is based on the audited consolidated financial statements 
of Covestro AG as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million; earnings per share in EUR) 
(audited) 
Sales 
10,706  
12,412 
Gross profit 
2,499  
2,754 
EBIT(1) 
696  
852 
Financial result 
(91)  
(91) 
Income before income taxes 
605  
761 
Income after income taxes 
454  
557 
Basic earnings per share 
2.48(2)  
3.02(3) 
Diluted earnings per share 
2.48(2)  
3.02(3) 
(1) EBIT: Income after income taxes plus financial result and income tax expense. 
(2) Weighted average number of outstanding no-par voting shares of Covestro AG in issue: 184,912,207. 
(3) Weighted average number of outstanding no-par voting shares of Covestro AG in issue: 182,728,724. 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
As of December 31, 2020  As of December 31, 2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Noncurrent assets 
6,734  
6,791 
Current assets 
6,190  
4,727 
Total assets 
12,924  
11,518 
Equity 
5,644  
5,254 
Equity attributable to Covestro AG stockholders 
5,607  
5,207 
Noncurrent liabilities 
4,916  
4,129 
Current liabilities 
2,364  
2,135 
Total equity and liabilities 
12,924  
11,518 
Business Units and Centrally Organized Sales  
The Group conducts its operations through its three business units: Polyurethanes, Polycarbonates, and Coatings, Adhesives 
and Specialties. The following diagram provides a simplified overview of the Group's operations.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* 
Remaining activities successfully sold on January 2nd, 2020 
In addition, the Group centrally coordinates the sale of certain by-products created by the Group's operations as raw materials 
to customers. Such third-party sales primarily consist of sales of chemical intermediates such as chlorine, caustic soda and 
hydrochloric acid. 
Polyurethanes Business Unit 
The Polyurethanes business unit focuses on the development, production and marketing of polyurethane raw materials, either 
on a stand-alone basis or as a formulation of an isocyanate and a polyether polyol, i.e. a system. The raw materials and systems 
ultimately enable customers to produce rigid and flexible polyurethanes. In the Fiscal Year 2020, the Polyurethanes business 
unit had external net sales of EUR 5,021 million, accounted for 46.90% of total Group net sales and had EBITDA of 
EUR 625 million. The Polyurethanes business unit is organized into the three strategic business entities MDI, TDI and 
polyether polyols. 
According to the Group's internal market analysis, the business unit is the leading global producer of polyurethane raw 
materials, the third largest global producer of MDI, the largest global producer of TDI and the second largest global producer 
of polyether polyols. The business unit's product portfolio includes various grades of MDI, TDI and polyether polyols, which 
are the key raw materials for the production of polyurethanes. The polyurethanes based on the business unit's raw materials 
are widely used in a broad range of end markets, including furniture, construction, automotive, appliances, chemicals and 
others such as footwear for a wide range of applications within those end markets. The business unit's operations are supported 
by state-of-the-art isocyanate and polyol production technologies, the scale of several of its plants, and its selected backward 
integration into various key raw materials needed for production.  
The business unit operates a global production platform comprising production facilities across Europe, the United States and 
Asia. The business unit uses a global network of four innovation centres to support customers and drive the development of 
new products.  
Polycarbonates Business Unit 
The Polycarbonates business unit's focus is on the development, production and marketing of polycarbonates, which are an 
engineering thermoplastic and are easily worked, molded and thermoformed. The business unit's polycarbonate resins and 
compounded resins are suitable for standard and high value applications where the Group's ability to provide comprehensive 
technical service is key. The business unit also produces and sells bisphenol-A, a key raw material to produce polycarbonates. 
The business unit is also active in application technology development with customers in connection with polycarbonates 
processing. In the Fiscal Year 2020, the business unit had external net sales of EUR 2,985 million, accounted for 27.88% of 
total Group net sales and had EBITDA of EUR 553 million. 
According to the Group's internal market analysis, the Group's Polycarbonates business unit is the leading global supplier of 
polycarbonates. Because of their unique properties, polycarbonates are used in a wide range of applications, including those 
in end markets such as automotive, consumer, appliance, medical packaging, construction, electronics, and optical media. 
Polycarbonates 
Business Unit 
Polyurethanes 
Business Unit 
Coatings, Adhesives 
and Specialties 
Business Unit 
MDI Strategic 
Business Entity 
TDI Strategic 
Business Entity 
Polyether Polyols 
Strategic Business 
Entity 
Resins 
Raw Material 
Sheets* 
Aliphatic 
Iscoyanates and 
their Derivatives 
Aromatic 
Isocyanate 
Derivatives 
Polyurethane 
Dispersions 
Other Specialties

--- Page 115 ---
115 
The Polycarbonates business unit is headquartered in Shanghai, China, and operates a well-invested global network of five 
world-scale production facilities, thus benefiting from economies of scale and scope. The business unit also operates seven 
compounding centres, where it produces compounded resins. It also uses a global network of technology centres to develop 
bespoke polycarbonate formulations for customers.  
The Group has successfully closed the sale of its European polycarbonates sheets business effective January 2, 2020. With the 
sale of its European polycarbonates sheets business, the Group is pursuing its ongoing portfolio optimisation. The divestment 
follows transactions that were already concluded in North America and India, as well as the conversion of the Guangzhou 
(China) site into production of speciality films. Thus, the Group has completely sold its polycarbonates sheets business. 
Coatings, Adhesives and Specialties Business Unit  
According to the Group's internal market analysis, the Coatings, Adhesives and Specialties business unit is a global leading 
supplier of high performance raw materials to the industrial coatings, adhesives, sealants and other specialties industry 
segments. As a niche specialty material provider, the business unit has strong focus on technology and innovation, which is as 
a key element to produce highly-value-added products that provide superior performance relative to other, more standard, 
chemistries. The business unit believes it is the technology leader with respect to the production of isocyanate derivatives for 
coatings, adhesives and sealants. The business unit produces more than 2,700 products that are primarily based on six 
monomers, used in various end markets. The business unit's product portfolio includes aliphatic isocyanates and their 
derivatives, aromatic isocyanate derivatives, and polyurethane dispersions. In addition, the business unit's product portfolio 
includes a wide range of TPU- and polycarbonate-based specialty films, hot cast elastomers, thermoplastic elastomer resins, 
products tailored to specialty textile, cosmetic and medical applications, and other products. In the Fiscal Year 2020, the 
business unit had external net sales of EUR 2,039 million, accounted for 19.05% of total Group net sales and had EBITDA of 
EUR 341 million. 
According to the Group's internal market analysis, the business unit is the leading worldwide producer of aliphatic isocyanate 
derivatives and polyurethane dispersions. The Group believes that it is a leading supplier for TPU- and polycarbonate-films as 
well as the number two producer of polyurethane elastomer systems. For its thermoplastic elastomer resin products, the Group 
considers itself as one of the global top five producers. The business unit's customers are primarily formulators in the industrial 
coatings, adhesives and sealants industry segment who use the business unit's isocyanate derivatives to cater to the automotive, 
construction, wood/furniture, packaging and footwear/textiles/clothing end markets. The products of the business unit are 
critical to the performance of the end products in which they are used, yet form a small proportion of the overall volume and 
hence cost of the final product. 
The Coatings, Adhesives and Specialties business unit operates a global asset base with three world-scale monomer production 
facilities that are complemented by regional isocyanate derivative production facilities, and additional production facilities for 
resins, elastomers, specialty films and TPU across EMLA, APAC and NAFTA. The production facilities are capable of 
providing reliable supply to customers in all regions while fulfilling required quality standards. The production facilities are 
complemented by eleven technical centres. These laboratories offer technical support and are an important element in 
facilitating close, long-term relationships with customers. 
Centrally Organized Sales 
To the extent they are not consumed internally, the Group centrally coordinates the sale of by-products created by the Group's 
operations as raw materials to customers. Such third-party sales primarily consist of sales of chemical intermediates such as 
hydrochloric acid, caustic soda and chlorine, which amounted to external net sales of EUR 661 million or 6.17% of total net 
sales of the Group in the Fiscal Year 2020, which are reported under "All other segments". According to the Group's internal 
market analysis, the Group was one of the largest global producers of chlorine in 2020. Customers typically purchase the 
Group's chemical intermediates as precursors to their higher-value chemicals, such as plastics, polyurethanes, textile fibers, 
resins, paints, surfactants, colorants, coatings, pharmaceuticals and agricultural products. 
The Group looks forward and backward along its production value chains to find potential efficiencies by examining every 
input and output of the Group's production operations. The Group uses by-products to a maximum extent as raw material for 
other internal processes. The majority of by-products created by the Group's operations are consumed internally. The Group 
believes, that it is one of the most cost-effective producers of hydrochloric acid, caustic soda and chlorine, due to its use of 
oxygen-depolarized cathode and membrane electrolysis technologies. 
The Group is also responsible for licensing and selling oxygen-depolarized cathodes, licensing certain technologies such as 
the IMPACT technology and leasing certain real estate holdings to third parties.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Internal functions 
Sales and Marketing  
The Group has a regional sales and marketing structure in which each business unit independently manages its sales and 
marketing activities in a similar fashion with respect to the products it manufactures. Each business unit sells its products 
through its own sales force as well as through distributors. The sale and marketing of certain chemical intermediates is managed 
centrally by the Group, while others are managed by the relevant business unit. 
Allocating the sales and marketing activities to each business unit facilitates a high level of customer proximity and allows for 
sophisticated marketing strategies. The Group regularly reviews and tailors its marketing activities on the basis of customer 
satisfaction surveys and spontaneous customer feedback. In order to facilitate its customers' operations and use of the Group's 
products, the Group also provides technical application support and technical service laboratories. 
The Group regularly evaluates the complaints received from customers. Through dialogue with internal and external 
stakeholders, corrective and preventive measures are taken by the Group where necessary to further increase quality and 
customer satisfaction, while lowering production error rates and ultimately the incidence of complaints. 
Procurement 
The Group relies on the procurement of a wide range of raw materials, technical goods, energy and services in order to produce 
its products. Procurement and management of operative road transportation and finished goods warehousing services, 
including transportation network optimization, are handled by the Group's Supply Chain Centres ("SCCs"). The SCCs are 
responsible for the regional outbound supply chain operations of the business units. They are located in Leverkusen, Germany, 
covering EMEA plus Latin America through a local hub in Sao Paulo, Brazil, in Hong Kong, China, as well as hubs in several 
major countries across Asia with responsibility for operations in APAC, and in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, for 
NAFTA with a local hub in Mexico City, Mexico. 
The Group looks forward and backward along its production value chain to find potential efficiencies by examining every 
input and output of the Group's production processes. The Group uses by-products of chemical reactions, which might 
otherwise have to be sold or disposed of, to the maximum extent as raw materials for other production operations. Certain 
production facilities of the respective business unit are linked by pipeline, by rail or by waterway to the production facilities 
of other business units to enable the by-product of one production process to act as a reactant in another production process. 
The Group centrally manages and bundles worldwide procurement processes in order to leverage synergies within the Group 
and to ensure the selection of appropriate suppliers on a global basis, while individual procurement decisions are formed at a 
local level. The Group's procurement teams act as intermediaries between suppliers and the business units. To support natural 
currency hedging and to realize logistical advantages, the Group pursues a balanced local and regional sourcing strategy and 
maximizes regional or worldwide demand where appropriate to generate economies of scale. 
The Group has a key supply relationship with Currenta GmbH & Co. OHG ("Currenta") that operates the chemical parks in 
Leverkusen, Dormagen, and Krefeld-Uerdingen in Germany in which the Group has production facilities and other business 
operations. Currenta provides various services to the Group's operations located at the chemical parks, including utilities such 
as electricity, water, heat, and wastewater removal. 
Real Property and Production Facilities 
The Group operates production facilities worldwide and uses land with office buildings, warehouses, research and development 
facilities, and other facilities in a large number of countries as either owner, holder of hereditary building right or lessee. 
Real Property  
The Group has economical ownership of a large proportion of its production sites worldwide. Additionally, the Group currently 
leases and uses real property located at the chemical parks in Germany pursuant to lease agreements and land use rights with 
Bayer Real Estate Group or related companies and other third parties regarding other locations.  
The headquarters of the Group and the headquarters of the Polyurethanes and Coatings, Adhesives and Specialties business 
units are located in Leverkusen, Germany, and the headquarters of the Polycarbonates business unit is located in Shanghai, 
China. The regional headquarters of the Group and business units are located, respectively, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United 
States, for North America, Leverkusen, Germany, for Europe and Hong Kong and Shanghai, China, for Asia.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Production Facilities 
The Group operates world-scale plants in key locations to ensure efficient and reliable production, and operates smaller-scale 
plants in other locations that are dedicated to one business unit or shared between two business units. A local presence allows 
customized support and tailor-made solutions for local customers. The main production facilities of the Group are located in: 
Leverkusen, Krefeld-Uerdingen, Brunsbüttel and Dormagen, Germany; Antwerp, Belgium; Baytown, Texas, United States; 
Map Ta Phut, Thailand and Shanghai, China.  
Many of the Group's sites have an extensive history of industrial operations, storage and related activities and some of the 
Group's buildings have in the past contained and may still contain asbestos or other harmful substances. As is typical for such 
businesses, soil and ground water contamination have occurred in the past at some sites such as those in Leverkusen, Dormagen 
and Krefeld-Uerdingen and may occur or be discovered at the Group's sites in the future. The Group also owns a large number 
of industrial sites containing, in some cases, pre-existing contamination requiring securing or remediation. The Group has been 
and is likely in the future to be liable for the costs of investigating and cleaning up or stabilising environmental contamination 
on or from its properties or at off-site locations where it transported, disposed of or arranged for the disposal or treatment of 
hazardous materials and waste or from disposal activities that predated its purchase of its businesses. At December 31, 2020, 
the Group had other provisions of EUR 44 million for environmental protection. 
Investments 
The Group bases its investment decisions on the long-term attractiveness and sustainability of the investment. Investments are 
expected to be line with the depreciation level in the next years driven by planned capacity expansions across business units 
and sites.  
For a description of the acquisition of the RFM business from Koninklijke DSM N.V. please refer to the section "Risk Factors 
relating to the Issuer and the Group – The benefits that Covestro AG may realise from the acquisition of Resins & Functional 
Materials business could be materially different from the Group's expectations." above. 
Research and Development  
The Group's research and development activities are intended to maintain and strengthen the position of the Group within the 
industry and focus on product- and process-related innovation development. The Group's research and development activities 
are driven by underlying demand for higher quality applications, increased functionality, design flexibility, lower cost 
production processes and sustainability. In addition, the use of renewable raw materials is also a key objective. The Group 
believes that new technologies and the use of alternative raw materials can significantly increase the Group's production 
efficiency and decrease the environmental impact of industrial operations, which will ultimately strengthen the position of the 
Group. However, the implementation of these innovations may require a substantial change in the Group's asset setup or, 
occasionally, investment in new production assets. In addition, the Group's research and development objectives aim to secure 
future leadership with new product variants in life cycles of new and existing applications that build on the Group's expertise 
in its core technologies. 
The Group pursues innovation projects in line with the principles of "People, Planet and Profit", delivering benefits to society, 
the environment and profit. The Group's perspective covers the whole product life cycle, from raw materials sourcing to 
production, and product use to end of life. 
The Group has a track record in continuously developing improved fire-resistant products, insulation properties to reduce 
energy consumption, high flow and lightweight solutions or alternative feedstock, leading to greater resource efficiency and 
environmental sustainability for customers. In the past years, amongst many other Group innovations, the Group has 
successfully advanced microcell insulation, pultrusion technology, new Bayblend grades suitable for information technology 
applications, high flow APEC, Makrolon, and Bayblend grades for optimized surfaces and complex parts, waterborne coatings 
for textiles and specialty films for identification cards. 
Employees 
In the Fiscal Year 2020, the Group had on average 16,736 employees. The number of employees on either permanent or 
temporary contracts is stated in full-time equivalents, with part-time employees included on a pro-rated basis in line with their 
contractual working hours. The figures do not include employees in vocational training. 
Patents, Trademarks, Licenses 
The Group's global intellectual property strategy aims to protect and enhance the Group's competitive position in the various 
geographic regions in which it operates. This is achieved by effective management of the Group's intellectual property rights,

--- Page 118 ---
118 
including patents, trademarks and know-how. A high priority is placed on protecting innovation and the actual and future 
business value that the Group can derive therefrom.  
Patents and Know-How 
The Group owns a large number of patent families worldwide. The patent portfolio is wide-ranging and covers all business 
activities of the Group. The Group acquires patent rights by exercising its rights to employee inventions and submitting them 
for registration, by licensing third-party patents or otherwise acquiring third-party intellectual property rights. In addition to 
patents, the Group possesses confidential know-how. 
Trademarks 
The Group owns hundreds of active trademark families and thousands of trademark registrations/ applications including both 
the product markings and the corporate marks ("Covestro" and the company logo). In the future, the Group intends, in general, 
to register new trademarks in all countries in which significant sales of the relevant product are expected.  
Licenses 
The Group has a multitude of active licensing agreements with third parties under which it obtains or grants licenses. Licensing 
agreements may be concluded to provide for freedom of operations, to enhance acceptance of a new technology in the industry, 
make sustainability solutions available, enable cooperative ventures, or provide for net sales. 
The Group has entered into cross-license agreements or non-assertion agreements with some key competitors which cover 
selected patents and patent applications. Pursuant to these agreements, the contractual parties are allowed to use patents of the 
counterparty in the fields covered by the respective cross-license agreement. 
In addition to cross-license agreements, the Group has granted to and has been granted from competitors or other third parties 
one-way licenses in certain fields for which the Group receives or pays license fees. 
Apart from the intellectual property rights mentioned above, and not taking into consideration Covestro AG's information 
technology systems, the Group does not hold any significant intellectual property rights and does not depend on patents or 
licensed materials in order to conduct its business. 
Sustainability 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Covestro has received the following ESG ratings: 
Benchmark / Index 
Rating Scale 
Covestro's Rating 
Distinction 
 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
 
EcoVadis 
Sustainable Supply Management 
0-100 points 
(the higher the better) 
73 
 
 
80 
 
Gold87 (2019) 
ISS ESG Prime 
Corporate ESG Performance 
A+ to D- 
(top score: A+) 
B- 
 
B- 
 
B- 
"Prime" Status88 
(since 2016) 
MSCI 
ESG Research 
AAA to CCC 
(top score: AAA) 
BBB 
BBB 
A 
A 
A 
Sustainalytics 
Company ESG Risk Rating 
Until 2019: 0-100 point 
(the higher the better) 
74 
75 
 
80 
 
 
After 2019: 0-100 points 
(the lower the better) 
 
 
 
23.3 
20.0 
 
 
For further information on ESG ratings please refer to the section "Notice – ESG Ratings" above. 
Litigation 
The Group is, and may become involved, in legal proceedings during the ordinary course of its business activities, both as a 
plaintiff and as a defendant.  
 
87 
In 2019, EcoVadis awarded "Gold" for the top 5% rated companies (overall score between 62 and 100). 
88 
ISS ESG defines Prime-Status as follows: "Prime status is attributed to those companies with an overall rating / ESG performance 
above the sector-specific prime threshold, which means that they fulfil ambitious absolute performance requirements. In addition to the 
overall rating, a decile rank indicates performance relative to industry peers."

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Covestro AG and its subsidiaries are not, and have not been in the twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, 
subject to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which Covestro AG or the Group is aware, which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on Covestro 
AG and/or the Group's financial position or profitability, except for the following: 
Carbon monoxide pipeline from Dormagen to Krefeld-Uerdingen 
The carbon monoxide pipeline is intended to connect the chemical production sites at Dormagen and Krefeld-Uerdingen and 
complement the network already existing between Dormagen and Leverkusen. The aim is to ensure a safe and reliable supply 
of carbon monoxide to and across all sites. Although the pipeline was almost completed by the end of 2009, it cannot currently 
be put into operation because of ongoing court proceedings. Following confirmation by the Düsseldorf Administrative Court 
in fiscal 2011 that there were no grounds to challenge the material aspects of the planning permission decision, in particular 
the safety of the materials used and the legal conformity of the relevant pipeline act (Rohrleitungsgesetz), the plaintiffs and the 
regional government against which legal proceedings had been instituted lodged appeals before the Higher Administrative 
Court in Münster. In fiscal 2014, the Münster Higher Administrative Court raised no objections in principle to the safety and 
routing of the pipeline, but questioned the constitutionality of the pipeline act which forms the legal basis for the project. On 
December 21, 2016, the German Federal Constitutional Court dismissed the corresponding constitutionality question referred 
to it by the Münster Higher Administrative Court as inadmissible and confirmed the legal opinion of the Group. Subsequently, 
the Münster Higher Administrative Court again considered the facts of the appeal and, in a decision handed down on August 
31, 2020, dismissed the actions against the planning permission decision. The Münster Higher Administrative Court did not 
permit an appeal against its decision. The plaintiffs can now file a complaint against the denial of leave to appeal with the 
Federal Administrative Court. 
Civil class action lawsuits over diisocyanates (United States) 
On July 9, 2018, Covestro LLC, Pittsburgh (United States) - as one of numerous other defendants - was served the first of now 
12 class action lawsuits initiated by various U.S. MDI and TDI customers. The plaintiffs allege that the defendants have 
violated various provisions of the Sherman Antitrust Act since January 1, 2015, by acting in coordination to limit production 
capacities of MDI and TDI and, at the same time, raising prices for these products in the market. On October 3, 2018, the U.S. 
Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ruled that all class action lawsuits in pretrial proceedings would be centralized in the 
District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. Discovery in this case is proceeding. Based in essence on the same 
assertions and the violations of federal consumer protection and antitrust laws allegedly resulting from them, the attorney 
general of the state of Mississippi filed a separate civil complaint against Covestro LLC and numerous other defendants on 
behalf of the state and its citizens in September 2019. The Group currently considers these claims to be without merit and will 
therefore use all legal means to defend itself against these allegations - also in light of the official conclusion in November 2018 
of the six-month investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into possible anticompetitive practices in relation to MDI. 
Insurance 
The Group believes that Covestro AG and its subsidiaries have reasonable insurance protection, to the extent customary in the 
industry.  
Material Agreements 
The following section provides a summary of material agreements to which any member of the Group is a party. 
Financing Agreements 
Facilities Agreement 
On March 17, 2020, Covestro AG entered into a facilities agreement (the "Facilities Agreement") with a syndicate of lending 
banks.  
Subsidiaries in which Covestro AG holds directly or indirectly more than 50% of the voting capital may become additional 
borrowers by means of accession to the contract (Vertragsbeitritt) provided that, all lenders have consented to such accession; 
Covestro AG guarantees for obligations of the additional borrowers. The base currency under the Facilities Agreement is Euro. 
Optional currencies are US dollar or a currency previously approved for these purposes by the lenders and readily available. 
The Facilities Agreement provides for a multicurrency revolving credit facility in an amount of EUR 2.5 billion.  
The Facilities Agreement contains customary representations, general covenants (including a negative pledge undertaking and 
restrictions on disposals and mergers, each subject to baskets and/or exceptions) and events of default (including cross-default-

--- Page 120 ---
120 
payment and cross- acceleration provisions). No financial covenants are included. The facilities are not secured by any security 
in rem.  
The revolving credit facility is due on March 16, 2026 and has a 1-year extension option subject to lenders consent. The 
revolving credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital purposes, the refinancing of 
indebtedness and acquisitions. Up to EUR 500 million of the revolving credit commitments may be used as ancillary facilities 
on a bilateral basis with revolving lenders or their affiliates in the form of overdraft facilities, guarantees, bonding, 
documentary or stand-by letters of credit facilities, short term loan facilities, derivatives facilities, foreign exchange facilities 
or any other facility or accommodation required in connection with the business of the Group and which is agreed by Covestro 
AG with an ancillary lender.  
Voluntary prepayments by the borrower are permitted subject to certain customary requirements. A lender may cancel its 
commitments and demand prepayment of all its participations in any loans outstanding under the Facilities Agreement in case 
of illegality or a change of control (in each case as described in the Facilities Agreement).  
Notes issuances 
In March 2016, Covestro AG issued its first bonds under this Programme with a total volume of EUR 1.5 billion. The bonds 
comprise two fixed-rate series due in October 2021 (with a coupon of 1.00% and a volume of EUR 500 million) and September 
2024 (with a coupon of 1.75% and a volume of EUR 500 million), respectively. A third, floating rate, series with a volume of 
EUR 500 million matured and was repaid in March 2018.  
In June 2020, Covestro AG issued bonds under this Programme with a total volume of EUR 1 billion. The bonds comprise 
two fixed-rate series due in February 2026 (with a coupon of 0.875 per cent. and a volume of EUR 500 million) and June 2030 
(with a coupon of 1.375 per cent. and a volume of EUR 500 million), respectively. 
Other 
On March 20, 2020, the Issuer signed a loan with the European Investment Bank (EIB) for EUR 225 million. The loan will 
provide medium term funding with the goal to strengthen the research and development (R&D) work of Covestro in the areas 
of sustainability and circular economy within the European Union. 
In addition, the Group has uncommitted external central and local financing agreements in place.  
On December 31, 2020, the Group had presented warranties and other contingent liabilities in the amount of EUR 6 million 
and other financial commitments in the amount of EUR 2,084 million. 
Joint Venture Agreements 
The Group has entered into a large number of joint venture agreements with partners to support its business in various areas. 
The most important joint ventures are described below: 
Lyondell European Joint Venture 
Covestro AG's affiliate Covestro Polyurethanes B.V. (formerly Bayer Polyurethanes B.V.), a Dutch private limited liability 
company (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), and LyondellBasell's affiliate Lyondell PO-11 C.V., a 
Dutch limited partnership (commanditaire vennootschap), established in December 2000 a long-term manufacturing joint 
venture now called LyondellBasell Covestro Manufacturing Maasvlakte VOF ("Lyondell European Joint Venture") in the 
legal form of a Dutch general partnership (vennootschap onder firma) with its seat in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. Lyondell 
PO-11 C.V. and Covestro Polyurethanes B.V. are the only partners of the Lyondell European Joint Venture (each a "Partner" 
and jointly the "Partners"). The Lyondell European Joint Venture owns a grassroots propylene oxide and styrene monomer 
plant near Rotterdam, The Netherlands, employing proprietary technology of one of LyondellBasell's affiliates which is 
licensed to the Partners. Its business comprises the production of propylene oxide and a styrene monomer for the account of 
the Partners. Each Partner holds a 50% interest in the Lyondell European Joint Venture and corresponding percentage of voting 
rights, participates in 50% of its profits and losses and is entitled to offtake 50% of the propylene oxide and styrene monomer 
produced. 
The general partnership agreement generally prohibits Covestro Polyurethanes B.V. from transferring its interest in the 
Lyondell European Joint Venture without the consent of Lyondell PO-11 C.V., subject to certain exceptions. In this context, 
Bayer AG and LyondellBasell's affiliate Lyondell Chemical Company entered into an agreement which governs the 
relationship of the parent companies of the Partners with regard to the Lyondell European Joint Venture and which contains 
certain transfer restrictions regarding the direct or indirect transfer of interests in the Partners.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Pursuant to a consent and release agreement dated August 28, 2015, between Bayer AG, Covestro AG, Lyondell Chemical 
Company as well as certain affiliates of Bayer AG and Lyondell Chemical Company (the "Consent Agreement"), Lyondell 
Chemical Company and certain of its respective affiliates consented to certain transactions in connection with the Separation 
and certain transactions subsequent to the Separation. On August 31, 2015, Covestro AG acceded to the Consent Agreement.  
Lyondell US Joint Venture and Lyondell Technology Joint Venture 
Covestro AG's affiliate, Covestro PO LLC (formerly BAYPO Limited Partnership), a Delaware limited partnership, and 
LyondellBasell's affiliate, PO Offtake LP, a Delaware limited partnership, established in March 2000 PO JV, LP, a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Lyondell US Joint Venture"), as a long-term joint venture for the production and offtake of 
propylene oxide with manufacturing facilities located in Texas, United States. Covestro AG's indirect interest of approximately 
39.4% in the Lyondell US Joint Venture represents ownership of an in kind portion of the propylene oxide production of the 
Lyondell US Joint Venture. LyondellBasell indirectly holds the remaining interest of approximately 60.6% in the Lyondell 
US Joint Venture. 
Simultaneously with the establishment of the Lyondell US Joint Venture, Bayer AG's affiliate, BIPPO Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation, and LyondellBasell's affiliates, Lyondell POTechGP, Inc. and Lyondell POTechLP, Inc., both Delaware 
corporations, established in March 2000 Technology JV, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Lyondell Technology Joint 
Venture"), as a long-term joint venture for the joint development and licensing of technology relating to the production process 
of propylene oxide under the Lyondell US Joint Venture. Covestro AG holds an indirect 50% interest with LyondellBasell 
indirectly holding the remaining 50% interest of the Lyondell Technology Joint Venture. 
Covestro PO LLC is generally prohibited from transferring its ownership interests in the Lyondell US Joint Venture and the 
Lyondell Technology Joint Venture or withdrawing from either joint venture without the consent of LyondellBasell's affiliate 
for the respective joint venture except under certain circumstances. In the context of the establishment of the Lyondell US 
Joint Venture and the Lyondell Technology Joint Venture, Bayer AG, Bayer Corporation and LyondellBasell's affiliate 
Lyondell Chemical Company agreed transfer restrictions regarding the direct and indirect transfer of interests in the entities 
party to the Lyondell US Joint Venture and the Lyondell Technology Joint Venture. 
Pursuant to the Consent Agreement, Lyondell Chemical Company and certain of its affiliates consented to certain transfers of 
interests and assignments of agreements related to the Lyondell European Joint Venture, the Lyondell US Joint Venture and 
the Lyondell Technology Joint Venture. In particular, Lyondell Chemical Company consented to the transfer of interests in 
Covestro Polyurethanes B.V. and Covestro PO LLC in connection with the Separation. Additional consent is needed in the 
event of a sale or disposal of shares in Covestro AG subsequent to Separation by the Bayer Group or Covestro AG in certain 
limited circumstances. Pursuant to the Consent Agreement, the LyondellBasell affiliates may request certain changes to the 
payment terms of the agreements concluded in connection with the Lyondell European Joint Venture, the Lyondell US Joint 
Venture and the Lyondell Technology Joint Venture in case of a significant change in the rating of Covestro AG and if certain 
other requirements are fulfilled. By acceding to the Consent Agreement, Covestro AG has assumed the existing guarantees for 
performance of certain affiliates under certain agreements connected with the Lyondell European Joint Venture, the Lyondell 
US Joint Venture and the Lyondell Technology Joint Venture. 
Sumika Covestro Urethane Co., Ltd., JV in Japan 
Sumika Covestro Urethane Co., Ltd. ("SCU") is a stock company under the laws of Japan (kabushiki kaisha) and was 
established as a 50%/50% joint venture between Bayer AG and Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd. ("Sumitomo"). Shares in SCU 
were originally held by Bayer AG and Sumitomo, but the shares held by Bayer AG were transferred from Bayer AG to 
Bayer Ltd. in 1999. The shareholding ratio has been changed to 60%/40% in December 2000, of which Bayer Ltd. holds 60%. 
After a reorganization, Bayer MaterialScience Ltd. (which is now Covestro Japan Ltd.) has become a shareholder holding 
60%. The current parties to the joint venture agreement are Covestro Deutschland AG and Sumitomo.  
SCU's business purpose is (i) to manufacture and sell polyurethanes products and (ii) to sell (as agent) pigment, dye and 
chemical industry products. SCU has constructed and operated its plant facilities within the premise of Sumitomo's Ehime 
works in Ehime, Japan, for the production of those products, and Bayer AG has licensed to SCU special processes for the 
production of such products. The license agreement for such processes was transferred from Bayer AG to Covestro 
Deutschland AG. 
DIC Covestro Polymer Ltd. JV in Japan 
DIC Covestro Polymer Ltd. ("DCP") was established in the year 2000 as a 50%/50% joint venture between Dainippon Ink & 
Chemicals, Inc. (today DIC Corporation, "DIC") and Bayer Ltd. (the shares in DCP were later transferred to Bayer 
MaterialScience Ltd., today Covestro Japan Ltd., "CJL"). In the assessment of Covestro, DCP is a leading company in the 
Japanese TPU industry.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
On November 29, 2018, Group announced that CJL will become the majority stakeholder in DCP by raising its stake in the 
joint venture from 50% to 80%. This transaction was successfully completed and the shareholding ratio between CJL and DIC 
has been changed to 80%/20% from April 1, 2019. 
DIC continues to support the success of DCP with its industry network, strong brand name, and as a reliable local partner. 
Production and R&D by DCP is carried out at Sakai plant located in the DIC facility in Sakai, Osaka Prefecture, getting support 
from DIC such as supplying feedstocks and providing services on site.  
Agreements with the Bayer Group 
As a previously wholly owned subsidiary of Bayer AG, the Group has and, in the past, had various relationships with the Bayer 
Group and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and will continue to have - modified and reduced - relationships with Bayer 
Group in the future. In particular, the Group received for a transitional period certain services relating to human resources, real 
estate, IT, intellectual property, legal, compliance, procurement, trade and customs compliance, treasury and other areas and 
was part of the cash management system and global insurance cover from the Bayer Group up and until the Group built up its 
own resources for these areas. 
Master Agreement between Covestro Deutschland AG and Bayer AG 
Bayer AG and Covestro Deutschland AG entered into a master agreement (the "Master Agreement"), dated August 24, 2015. 
Pursuant to this Master Agreement, both parties intend, among other things, to conclusively determine the apportionment of 
liability as between Covestro Deutschland AG and the Bayer Group, in particular in the areas of environmental contamination, 
product liability, violations of the law and employment, and establish certain reciprocal rules of conduct and duties of 
cooperation for the period following the Separation. The Master Agreement also contains provisions with regard to release of 
securities, IT resources and data as well as subsidies, and treatment of confidential information and personal data. In a later 
and separate agreement with Bayer AG, Covestro AG has undertaken the obligation to ensure that Covestro Deutschland AG 
as well as other companies of the Group will adhere to the provisions of the Master Agreement as amended from time to time. 
Purchase Agreement regarding pension liabilities between Bayer AG and Covestro AG 
In the context of the restructuring of Bayer AG's activities in 2003 into the three subgroups Bayer HealthCare, Bayer 
CropScience and Bayer MaterialScience, Bayer AG and Bayer Polymers Aktiengesellschaft (renamed to Bayer 
MaterialScience Aktiengesellschaft and as of September 1, 2015 Covestro Deutschland AG) entered on March 11, 2003 into 
a hive-down and transfer agreement (Ausgliederungs- und Übernahmevertrag). According to this hive-down and transfer 
agreement, pension liabilities of certain employees attributable to the Polymers activities were transferred to Covestro 
Deutschland AG. Pension liabilities with respect to employees whose employment contracts terminated prior to July 1, 2002 
were not transferred to Covestro Deutschland AG and remained with Bayer AG, but Covestro Deutschland AG assumed the 
obligation to reimburse payments to be made in this context by Bayer AG ("Reimbursement Claims"). 
On August 28, 2015, Bayer AG and Covestro Deutschland AG entered into a purchase agreement pursuant to which Covestro 
Deutschland AG purchased the Reimbursement Claims from Bayer AG for an amount of EUR 216,646,281. 
If and to the extent that Covestro Deutschland AG should realize certain tax benefits due to the fact that the competent tax 
authorities deviate from the joint understanding of Bayer AG and Covestro Deutschland AG with respect to the tax treatment 
of the purchase of the Reimbursement Claims, Covestro Deutschland AG shall pay on an after-tax basis the net present value 
of such tax benefits to Bayer AG. In such case, the parties have agreed on principles regarding the calculation of the net present 
value of such tax benefits and on a payment mechanism in instalments. 
Intellectual Property Rights 
Covestro Deutschland AG and Bayer AG have entered into agreements with regard to patents, utility models, registered 
designs, trademarks and domains.  
Control Termination Agreement between Bayer AG and Covestro AG 
Bayer AG and Covestro AG concluded a control termination agreement with effect as of September 30, 2017, as part of which 
Bayer AG undertook to refrain from exercising certain voting rights at the Covestro Annual Stockholders' Meeting. The 
agreement ensured that there was no longer a requirement to fully consolidate Group in Bayer AG's consolidated financial 
statements.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Real Estate Purchase Agreements between real estate companies of Group and real estate companies of Bayer Group 
Due to the exertion of certain contractual repurchase rights reserved by Bayer Group in the underlying carve-out agreements 
on January 19, 2018 and pursuant to five notarized real estate purchase agreements dated September 13, 2018, pre-defined 
infrastructure property at the chemical sites in Leverkusen, Dormagen and Krefeld-Uerdingen was sold and transferred based 
upon pre-formulated agreements from the two real estate companies of Group to Bayer Real Estate GmbH. The properties 
were sold together with all rights and significant fixtures related thereto and any appurtenances relating to the relevant parcels 
as well as operating equipment belonging to the parcels and buildings, to the extent that the sellers own these items. The 
properties were sold subject to a disclaimer of liability by the sellers with respect to the size, quality and features of the 
infrastructure property. Specifically, the sellers disclaim any liability for any latent or hidden qualitative defects. Possession, 
use and risk and encumbrances, as well as general duties to maintain safety in any respect on the property, were transferred on 
December 1, 2018. The conveyance of title in performance of the agreements will be made as soon as the relevant land register 
requirements are met. Environmental liability remains split between Group and Bayer Group as outlined in the Master 
Agreement. 
Agreement on the inclusion of a further guarantor in the complemented foundation stock 
Covestro AG, Rheinische Pensionskasse VVaG ("RPK") and Bayer AG concluded an agreement on the inclusion of Covestro 
AG as further guarantor in addition to Bayer AG in the complemented foundation stock of the RPK with effect as of August 
1, 2019. In accordance with said agreement, Covestro AG provides an interest-bearing framework loan of up to EUR 11 million 
for the complemented foundation stock in order to support the long-term risk-bearing capacity of the RPK, particularly to 
ensure that it can meet its obligations arising from insurance policies on a permanent basis as well as its solvency requirements 
in the long term. The amount of the framework loan for the complemented foundation stock corresponds to the share of the 
pension fund’s benefit obligations (pro rata actuarial reserve) to the employees/beneficiaries assigned to Covestro in the total 
obligation (actuarial reserve) of the pension fund, calculated by an actuary in accordance with actuarial principles. 
Pension Schemes  
The Group provides retirement benefits for most of its employees in various countries, either directly or by contributing to 
privately or publicly administered funds or other institutions. The way these benefits are provided varies according to the legal, 
fiscal and economic conditions of each country, with benefits generally being based on employee compensation and years of 
service. The obligations of the Group relate both to existing retirees' pensions and to pension entitlements of future retirees. In 
Germany, there are three main pension systems in place, two closed pension systems (oldest system until December 31, 2004 
and its succeeding plan between January 1, 2005 and December 31,2020) and one newly launched system being open for new 
entrants since January 1, 2021 ("Pensionsplan2021"). The first and oldest pension system for entries until December 31, 2004 
was made up of a three-layer arrangement, (i) the basic pension (Grundrente Bayer Pensionskasse) provided by 
Bayer-Pensionskasse VVaG, (ii) the additional pension (Zusatzrente) based on a direct pension promise and (iii) the third 
pension provision layer (Dritte Versorgungsstufe) based on a direct pension promise. The third pension provision layer offers 
matching components (voluntary employee contributions and corresponding employer matching contributions). The second 
pension system consists of two layers and provides pension entitlements for persons who joined the Bayer/Covestro Group in 
Germany on or after January 1, 2005. The basic pension is granted via RPK and employees and employer both contribute a 
certain percentage of the base salary. Future pension payments from this plan are based on contributions and the return on plan 
assets, and a guaranteed interest rate applies. Above the social security contribution ceiling (West) for the statutory pension 
insurance plan, the pension system is supplemented by a further direct pension promise with matching components (voluntary 
employee contributions and corresponding employer matching contributions).  
Pensionsplan2021 has been established for new employees since January 1, 2021. RPK members (second pension system) 
have been offered to switch to the Pensionsplan2021. Similar to the second pension system employees and employer contribute 
a certain percentage of the base salary and for salaries above the social security contribution ceiling (West) for the statutory 
pension insurance plan, the pension system is supplemented by a further direct pension promise with matching components. 
The financing way is a direct pension promise with an internal Contractual Trust Agreement ("CTA"). Normally, the 
Pensionplan2021 is fully funded via the CTA and no accruals have to be shown in the IFRS balance sheet. 
As of December 31, 2020, the present value of the Group's pension and other post-employment benefits obligations (defined 
benefit obligations) was EUR 5,258 million and the fair value of the plan assets was EUR 3,137 million with a net defined 
benefit liability of EUR 2,121 million. Germany is the country with the highest net defined benefit liability amounting to 
EUR 1,860 million. Currently, certain direct German pension liabilities (e.g. for certain parts of employees' retirement income, 
deferred compensation etc.) are partially funded within a contractual trust arrangement with Metzler Trust e.V.  
Bayer Business Services GmbH and Covestro Deutschland AG have established a service agreement on the administration of 
company pension schemes. Pursuant to this agreement, Bayer Business Services GmbH will provide support services such as

--- Page 124 ---
124 
actuarial valuation, assisting pensioners, processing of compensation payments and providing consulting on pension schemes 
and on the statutory pension insurance.  
Management and Supervisory Bodies of Covestro AG  
General 
The governing bodies are the management board (Vorstand), supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) and general shareholders' 
meeting (Hauptversammlung). The powers of these entities are determined by the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz), the German Corporate Governance Codex (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex), the articles of 
association (Satzung), the internal rules of procedure (Geschäftsordnung) of the supervisory board and of the management 
board and by the code of conduct (Verhaltenskodex) of the management board. 
The management board of Covestro AG (the "Management Board") is responsible for managing the company in accordance 
with applicable law, the articles of association, the internal rules of procedure for the Management Board, including the 
business distribution plan (Geschäftsverteilungsplan) and the code of conduct (Verhaltenskodex) of the Management Board. 
The Management Board represents the company in dealings with third parties. 
The supervisory board of Covestro AG (the "Supervisory Board") appoints the members of the Management Board and is 
entitled to dismiss them for good cause. The Supervisory Board advises and oversees the Management Board on the 
management of the company, but is not itself authorized to manage the company, as set out in the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz). However according to Section 7 paragraph 1 of the articles of association certain types of business 
undertaken by the Management board require the prior approval of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board is 
authorized to determine which types of business are subject to such restriction. 
Applicable Corporate Governance Rules 
The German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex) (the "Code"), as adopted in February 
2002 and last amended December 16, 2019, includes recommendations and suggestions for managing and supervising 
companies listed on German stock exchanges with regard to shareholders and shareholders' meetings, management and 
supervisory boards, transparency, accounting and the auditing of financial statements. While the recommendations or 
suggestions of the Code are not mandatory, the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) requires the management and 
supervisory boards of a listed company to disclose each year which recommendations were not or will not be followed and to 
explain the reasons for the non-compliance. This disclosure must be made permanently publicly accessible. However, 
deviations from the suggestions contained in the Code need not be disclosed. 
• 
The main recommendations of the Code in the current version include the following: 
• 
The remuneration of members of the management board should contain a fixed component and a component based 
on economic performance, and a cap should be specified and individual information is to be provided in the notes to 
the consolidated financial statements in reference to remuneration of the individual members of the management 
board. 
• 
The members of the management board shall disclose any conflicts of interest to the supervisory board. 
• 
The supervisory board shall form committees; in particular, an audit committee should be set up to deal with issues 
of accounting and risk management, the necessary independence of the auditor, and the awarding of audit 
engagements to auditors, as well as the determination of the special areas emphasized in the audit and the agreement 
on fees. 
• 
The number of former members of the management board on the supervisory board shall be limited, and services on 
governing entities of major competitors of the company and advisory activities for major competitors of the company 
by members of the supervisory board shall be restricted. 
• 
Transparency in dealings with shareholders shall be ensured; this includes the use of appropriate communication 
media such as the Internet and publication of the most important dates for regularly recurring announcements to 
shareholders with sufficient advance notice, additional use of English on websites, and the issuance of interim 
reports. 
• 
Transactions with related parties shall be disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. 
• 
A declaration of independence concerning business, financial, personal, or other relationships between the auditor 
and the company shall be obtained before engaging the auditors, and regular reports shall be made concerning the 
independence of the auditors.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, Covestro AG complies with all recommendations of the Code.  
Board of Management  
The Supervisory Board determines the number of Management Board members which must consist of at least two persons 
according to the articles of association. The Supervisory Board may appoint one Management Board member as chair and 
another member as deputy chair. Currently, the Management Board of Covestro AG consists of four members with Dr. Markus 
Steilemann appointed as chair. 
The following table lists the members of the Management Board and their respective responsibilities. 
Name 
Area of Responsibility 
Principal Outside Board Memberships 
Dr. Markus Steilemann 
(Chair) 
Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Communications, 
• 
Corporate Audit, 
• 
Human Resources,  
• 
Strategy, 
• 
Sustainability 
• 
Member of the Steering Board and President of 
PlasticsEurope, 
• 
Vice-President of German Chemical Industry 
Association (Verband der Chemischen 
Industrie, VCI), 
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the 
German Chemical Industry Fund (Kuratorium 
Fond der Chemischen Industrie), 
• 
Member of the Steering Committee of the CAT 
Catalytic Center Aachen, 
• 
Member of the Steering Committee Covestro-
Tongji Innovation Academy, Beijing, 
• 
Member of the Committee for Research, 
Science and Education of the German 
Chemical Industry Fund, 
• 
Chairman of the Board of SusChem, 
• 
Director of the Board of Sumika Covestro 
Urethane, 
• 
Member of the Board of The European 
Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC), 
• 
Member of the Board of Directors of the 
International Council of Chemical Associations 
(ICCA), 
• 
Member of the Board of the Alliance to End 
Plastics Waste (AEPW), 
• 
Member of the World Plastics Council (WPC), 
• 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the 
Aachen Engineers' Award 
• 
World Economic Forum (WEF): Chair of the 
Chemical Industry Governors Community 
Sucheta Govil 
Chief Commercial Officer 
• 
Business Units Polyurethanes, 
Polycarbonates and Coatings, 
Adhesives, Specialties, 
• 
Central Marketing, 
• 
Innovation Management & 
Commercial Services, 
• 
Supply Chain Centers EMLA, 
NAFTA and APAC 
• 
Non-Executive Director at Eurocell plc

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Name 
Area of Responsibility 
Principal Outside Board Memberships 
Dr. Thomas Toepfer 
Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Accounting, 
• 
Controlling, 
• 
Finance, 
• 
Investor Relations, 
• 
CFO Greater China and USA, 
• 
Information Technology, 
• 
Portfolio Development, 
• 
Taxes, 
• 
Law, Intellectual Property & 
Compliance, 
• 
Labour Director 
(Arbeitsdirektor) 
- 
Dr. Klaus Schäfer 
Chief Technology Officer 
• 
Production & Technology 
Polyurethane, Polycarbonates 
and Coatings, Adhesives, 
Specialities, 
• 
Global Project Engineering, 
• 
Site Management NRW, 
Baytown and Caojing, 
• 
Procurement,  
• 
Health, Safety, Environment 
& Quality 
• 
Member of the Presidium of Weltenergierat-
Deutschland e.V., 
• 
Member of Committees in the German 
Chemical Industry Association (Verband der 
Chemischen Industrie, VCI) and the European 
Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC) 
• 
Member of the Board of VIK (Verband der 
Industriellen Energie- und Kraftwirtschaft 
e.V.), 
• 
Chairman of the Board of DECHEMA, 
• 
Member of the Supervisory Board of TÜV 
Rheinland AG, 
• 
Member of German National Hydrogen 
Council 
• 
Member of the Advisory Board of Energy and 
Climate Policy and Innovation Council e.V. 
(EPICO) 
Intellectual Property Management is part of the execution of the Covestro innovation strategy for which Markus Steilemann 
has responsibility and is supported by the Corporate Function Law, Intellectual Property and Compliance which falls under 
the responsibility of the Chief Financial Officer. 
The members of the Management Board may be contacted at the business address of Covestro AG. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of 12 members (six shareholder representatives and six employee representatives). The 
shareholder representatives are elected by the shareholders at the general shareholders' meeting. 
The Supervisory Board has formed the following committees from among its members: 
Presidial Committee 
Nominations Committee 
Audit Committee 
Human Resources 
Committee 
Dr. Richard Pott (Chair) 
Dr. Richard Pott (Chair) Prof. Dr. Rolf Nonnenmacher (Chair) 
Dr. Richard Pott (Chair) 
Petra Kronen 
Ferdinando Falco Beccalli 
Dr. Christine Bortenlänger 
Petra Kronen  
Petra Reinbold-Knape  
Regine Stachelhaus 
Petra Kronen 
Dr. Ulrich Liman  
Regine Stachelhaus  
 
Irena Küstner 
Regine Stachelhaus 
 
 
Petra Reinbold-Knape  
 
 
 
Patrick W. Thomas 
 
Presidial Committee 
This comprises the Chair and Vice Chair of the Supervisory Board along with a further stockholder representative and a further 
employee representative. The Presidial Committee serves primarily as the mediation committee pursuant to the German 
Codetermination Act. It has the task of submitting proposals to the Supervisory Board on the appointment of members of the 
Board of Management if the necessary two-thirds majority is not achieved in the first vote at a plenary meeting. Certain

--- Page 127 ---
127 
decision-making powers in connection with capital measures, including the power to amend the Articles of Incorporation, have 
also been delegated to this committee. 
Nominations Committee 
This committee carries out preparatory work when an election of stockholder representatives to the Supervisory Board is to be 
held. It suggests suitable candidates for the Supervisory Board to propose to the Annual Stockholders' Meeting for election. 
The Nominations Committee is composed of three members, namely the Chairperson of the Supervisory Board as committee 
chairperson, the other stockholders’ representative in the Presidial Committee of the Supervisory Board and an elected further 
stockholders’ representative. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee comprises three stockholder representatives and three employee representatives. The Chair of the Audit 
Committee in the reporting year, Prof. Dr. Rolf Nonnenmacher, satisfies the statutory requirements concerning expertise in 
the field of accounting and auditing that at least one member of the Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee is required 
to possess and is independent pursuant to Section D.4 of the German Corporate Governance Code. The Audit Committee 
meets regularly four times a year. It monitors the accounting process and is responsible for examining the financial statements, 
consolidated financial statements and management reports and for discussing the quarterly and half-yearly reporting with the 
Board of Management. On the basis of the auditor's report, the Audit Committee develops proposals for resolutions by the 
Supervisory Board relating to the confirmation of the financial statements, the approval of the consolidated financial statements 
and the use of the distributable profit. The Audit Committee is also responsible for the company's relationship with the external 
auditor. It submits a proposal to the full Supervisory Board concerning the auditor's appointment and is authorized to award 
the audit contract to the audit firm appointed on behalf of the Supervisory Board and to agree the auditor's remuneration. It 
also suggests areas of focus for the audit and monitors the quality of the audit as well as the independence and qualifications 
of the auditor. In addition, the Audit Committee monitors the effectiveness of the internal control system, the risk management 
system, the internal audit system and the compliance function. 
Human Resources Committee 
On this committee, too, there is parity of representation between stockholders and employees. It consists of the Chair of the 
Supervisory Board and three other members. The Human Resources Committee prepares the personnel decisions of the full 
Supervisory Board, which resolves on appointments or dismissals of members of the Board of Management. The Human 
Resources Committee resolves on behalf of the Supervisory Board on the service contracts of the members of the Board of 
Management. However, it is the task of the full Supervisory Board, based on the recommendations submitted by the Human 
Resources Committee, to resolve on the total compensation of the individual members of the Board of Management and the 
respective compensation components, as well as to regularly review the compensation system. The Human Resources 
Committee also discusses the long-term succession planning for the Board of Management. 
The current members of the Supervisory Board of Covestro AG, their principal occupations and their principal board 
memberships outside the Group, respectively, are as follows: 
Name/Function 
Membership in the 
Supervisory Board 
Position 
Memberships on other supervisory 
boards and memberships in 
comparable supervising bodies of 
German or foreign corporations 
Dr. Richard Pott 
(Chair) 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since August 2015 
• Member of various supervisory 
boards 
• Chair of the Supervisory Board 
of Covestro Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Freudenberg SE 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of SCHOTT AG 
Petra Kronen  
(Vice Chair) 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since October 2015 
• Chair of the Works Council of 
Covestro at the Uerdingen site 
• Chair of the General Works 
Council of Covestro 
• Vice Chair of Covestro-
European Forum 
• Employee of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Vice Chair of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Bayer Beistandskasse 
VVaG

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Name/Function 
Membership in the 
Supervisory Board 
Position 
Memberships on other supervisory 
boards and memberships in 
comparable supervising bodies of 
German or foreign corporations 
Ferdinando Falco  
Beccalli 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since October 2015 
• Chair of the Board of Falco 
Capital AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
Dr. Christine 
Bortenlänger 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since October 2015 
• Executive Member of the 
Board of Deutsches 
Aktieninstitut e.V. 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of MTU Aero Engines 
AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Siemens Energy AG 
(since September 2020) 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Siemens Energy 
Management GmbH (since 
September 2020) 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of TÜV SÜD AG 
Irena Küstner 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since October 2015 
• Chair of the Works Council of 
Covestro at the Leverkusen site 
• Chair of the Group Works 
Council of Covestro 
• Vice Chair of the General 
Works Council of Covestro 
• Employee of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
Dr. Ulrich Liman 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since January 2018 
• Chair of the Managerial 
Employees' Committee of 
Covestro Deutschland AG 
• Manager of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG  
Prof. Dr. Rolf 
Nonnenmacher  
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since August 2015 
• Member of various supervisory 
boards 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Continental AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of ProSiebenSat.1 
Media SE 
Petra Reinbold-Knape 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since January 2020 
• Member of the Executive 
Committee of the German 
Mining, Chemical and Energy 
Industrial Union (IG BCE) 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG (since 
January 2020) 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Bayer AG 
Regine Stachelhaus 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since October 2015 
• Member of various supervisory 
boards 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of CECONOMY AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Leoni AG 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of SPIE Deutschland 
und Zentraleuropa GmbH 
• Director of SPIE SA, France

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Name/Function 
Membership in the 
Supervisory Board 
Position 
Memberships on other supervisory 
boards and memberships in 
comparable supervising bodies of 
German or foreign corporations 
Marc Stothfang 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since February 2017 
• Chair of the Works Council of 
Covestro at the Brunsbüttel site 
• Chair of Covestro-European 
Forum 
• Employee of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
None 
Patrick W. Thomas 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since July 2020 
• Member of various supervisory 
boards 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG 
• Non-Executive Director 
(Chair) of Johnson Matthey 
plc, United Kingdom 
• Non-Executive Director of 
Akzo Nobel N.V., Netherlands 
Frank Werth 
Member of the 
Supervisory Board 
since September 2016 
• District Manager of the 
German Mining, Chemical and 
Energy Industrial Union (IG 
BCE) – district Leverkusen 
• Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Covestro 
Deutschland AG  
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at the business address of Covestro AG. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Covestro AG has not been notified or otherwise been informed by any of the members of the Management Board or any 
member of the Supervisory Board about any potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Covestro AG of the members 
of the Management Board and of the Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Recent Events 
The RFM Acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021. For a description of the RFM Acquisition please refer 
to the section "Risk Factors relating to the Issuer and the Group – The benefits that Covestro AG may realise from the 
acquisition of Resins & Functional Materials business could be materially different from the Group's expectations." above. 
There were no other recent events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of its 
solvency. 
Significant Changes 
There have been no significant changes with regard to the financial position or the financial performance of Covestro AG since 
December 31, 2020. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Covestro AG since December 31, 2020.  
Consolidated Financial Information 
The following historical financial information for the Group is based on the audited consolidated financial statements of 
Covestro AG as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, which are both incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, and should be read together with them. The consolidated financial statements were 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted in the European Union. The 
consolidated financial statements of the Group were audited by KPMG and issued with unqualified auditor's reports.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million; earnings per share in EUR) 
(audited) 
Sales 
10,706  
12,412 
Cost of goods sold 
(8,207)  
(9,658) 
Gross profit 
2,499  
2,754 
Selling expenses 
(1,195)  
(1,380) 
Research and development expenses 
(262)  
(266) 
General administration expenses 
(310)  
(372) 
Other operating income 
63  
181 
Other operating expenses 
(99)  
(65) 
EBIT(1) 
696  
852 
Equity-method loss 
(13)  
(22) 
Result from other affiliated companies 
1  
2 
Interest income 
26  
40 
Interest expense 
(73)  
(85) 
Other financial result 
(32)  
(26) 
Financial result 
(91)  
(91) 
Income before income taxes 
605  
761 
Income taxes 
(151)  
(204) 
Income after income taxes 
454  
557 
of which attributable to noncontrolling interest 
(5)  
5 
of which attributable to Covestro AG stockholders (net 
income) 
459  
552 
Basic earnings per share 
2.48(2)  
3.02(3) 
Diluted earnings per share 
2.48(2)  
3.02(3) 
(1) EBIT: Income after income taxes plus financial result and income tax expense. 
(2) Weighted average number of outstanding no-par voting shares of Covestro AG in issue: 184,912,207. 
(3) Weighted average number of outstanding no-par voting shares of Covestro AG in issue: 182,728,724.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
As of December 31, 2020  As of December 31, 2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Noncurrent assets 
6,734  
6,791 
Goodwill 
255  
264 
Other intangible assets 
109  
114 
Property, plant and equipment 
5,175  
5,286 
Investments accounted for using the equity method 
173  
192 
Other financial assets 
32  
32 
Other receivables 
65  
52 
Deferred taxes 
925  
851 
Current assets 
6,190  
4,727 
Inventories 
1,663  
1,916 
Trade accounts receivable 
1,593  
1,561 
Other financial assets 
1,144  
27 
Other receivables 
295  
359 
Claims for income tax refunds 
55  
104 
Cash and cash equivalents 
1,404  
748 
Assets held for sale 
36  
12 
Total assets 
12,924  
11,518 
  
 
Equity 
5,644  
5,254 
Capital stock of Covestro AG 
193  
183 
Capital reserves of Covestro AG 
3,925  
3,487 
Other reserves 
1,489  
1,537 
Equity attributable to Covestro AG stockholders 
5,607  
5,207 
Equity attributable to noncontrolling interest 
37  
47 
  
 
Noncurrent liabilities 
4,916  
4,129 
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment benefits 
2,123  
1,965 
Other provisions 
218  
230 
Financial liabilities 
2,277  
1,601 
Income tax liabilities 
88  
95 
Other liabilities 
31  
32 
Deferred taxes 
179  
206 
Current liabilities 
2,364  
2,135 
Other provisions 
155  
203 
Financial liabilities 
622  
151 
Trade accounts payable(1) 
1,241  
1,431 
Income tax liabilities 
74  
69 
Other liabilities(1) 
262  
267 
Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale 
10  
14 
Total equity and liabilities 
12,924  
11,518 
(1) Reference information was restated accordingly, see note 4.1 "Change in presentation of rebates granted to customers" to the audited consolidated financial 
statements as of December 31, 2020 of the Issuer.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(audited) 
Income after income taxes 
454  
557 
Income taxes 
151  
204 
Financial result 
91  
91 
Income taxes paid 
(155)  
(296) 
Depreciation, amortization, impairment losses and impairment 
loss reversals 
776 
 
752 
Change in pension provisions 
25  
49 
(Gains)/losses on retirements of noncurrent assets 
8  
(51) 
Decrease/(increase) in inventories 
160  
322 
Decrease/(increase) in trade accounts receivable 
(106)  
238 
(Decrease)/increase in trade accounts payable(1) 
(154)  
(123) 
Change in other working capital(1), other noncash items 
(16)  
(360) 
Cash flows from operating activities 
1,234  
1,383 
Cash outflows for additions to property, plant, equipment and 
intangible assets 
(704) 
 
(910) 
Cash inflows from sales of property, plant, equipment and other 
assets 
6 
 
6 
Cash inflows from divestitures 
(3)  
51 
Cash outflows for noncurrent financial assets 
(16)  
(15) 
Cash inflows from noncurrent financial assets 
7  
2 
Cash outflows for acquisitions less acquired cash 
-  
(11) 
Interest and dividends received 
30  
40 
Cash inflows from/(outflows for) other current financial assets 
(1,089)  
(1) 
Cash flows from investing activities 
(1,769)  
(838) 
Reacquisition of treasury shares 
444  
- 
Reissuance of treasury shares 
4  
7 
Dividend payments and withholding tax on dividends 
(221)  
(442) 
Issuances of debt 
1,775  
444 
Retirements of debt 
(719)  
(591) 
Interest paid 
(79)  
(86) 
Cash flows from financing activities 
1,204  
(668) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents due to business activities
669  
(123) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
748  
865 
Change in cash and cash equivalents due to changes in scope of 
consolidation 
1  
(1) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents due to exchange rate 
movements 
(14)  
7 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
1,404  
748 
(1) Reference information was restated accordingly, see note 4.1 "Change in presentation of rebates granted to customers" to the audited consolidated financial 
statements as of December 31, 2020 of the Issuer.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Core Volume Growth and Additional Performance Measures 
The Issuer has provided core volume growth and certain alternative performance measures ("APMs") in this Base Prospectus 
because it believes they provide investors with additional information to assess the economic situation of the Group's business 
activities.  
The Issuer uses APMs to assess the business performance of the Group. These APMs are not defined in the International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). They should be considered as supplement to, not a replacement for, the performance 
measures determined in accordance with IFRS. The calculation methods and reconciliation of the non-IFRS sales and earnings 
APMs to the figures reported in the financial statements are presented below. The calculation methods for the APMs may vary 
from those of other companies, thus limiting the extent of the overall comparability. These alternative performance measures 
should not be viewed in isolation or employed as an alternative to the financial indicators determined in accordance with IFRS 
and presented in the consolidated financial statements for purposes of assessing the Group's net assets, financial position and 
results of operations. 
The following are the APMs relevant to the Group: 
• 
EBITDA 
• 
Return on capital employed (ROCE) 
• 
Free operating cash flow (FOCF) 
• 
Net financial debt 
The Issuer uses return on capital employed (ROCE) to assess profitability in the context of the Issuer's internal management 
system. EBITDA is also calculated as an additional indicator of profitability. Free operating cash flow (FOCF) is a key factor 
in the presentation of the liquidity position that indicates the Issuer's ability to generate a cash surplus and finance its activities. 
Net financial debt gauges the Group's financial condition and financing requirements. 
Core Volume Growth 
Core volume growth refers to the core products in the Polyurethanes, Polycarbonates and Coatings, Adhesives, Specialities 
segments. It is calculated as the percentage change in externally sold volumes in thousand tons compared with the prior year. 
The Group also takes advantage of business opportunities outside its core business, for example the sale of raw materials and 
by-products such as hydrochloric acid, sodium hydroxide solution and styrene. These transactions are not included in core 
volume growth. Reference values calculated based on the definition of the core business effective March 31, 2020. 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(unaudited) 
Core volume growth(1) 
-5.6%  
2.0% 
(1) Reference values calculated on the basis of the definition of the core business effective March 31, 2020. 
EBIT and EBITDA 
EBIT is a measure used in the calculation of EBITDA. EBIT represents the share of the income after income taxes plus 
financial result and income tax expense attributable to the Group's core business after elimination of the influence of variable 
tax rates and/or various financing activities.  
EBITDA is EBIT plus amortization and impairment losses on intangible assets, and depreciation and impairment losses on 
property, plant and equipment, less impairment loss reversals. In addition, EBITDA is adjusted for possible distortions arising 
from various depreciation/amortization methods and measurement options, and therefore represents earnings from operating 
business activities.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Calculation of EBIT 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(unaudited) 
Sales 
10,706  
12,412 
Cost of goods sold 
(8,207)  
(9,658) 
Gross profit 
2,499  
2,754 
Selling expenses 
(1,195)  
(1,380) 
Research and development expenses 
(262)  
(266) 
General administration expenses 
(310)  
(372) 
Other operating income 
63  
181 
Other operating expenses 
(99)  
(65) 
EBIT(1) 
696  
852 
Financial result 
(91)  
(91) 
Income before income taxes 
605  
761 
Income taxes 
(151)  
(204) 
Income after income taxes 
454  
557 
(1) EBIT: Income after income taxes plus financial result and income tax expense. 
Calculation of EBITDA 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(unaudited) 
EBIT 
696  
852 
Depreciation, amortization, impairment losses and impairment 
loss reversals 
776  
752 
EBITDA 
1,472  
1,604 
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) 
The foremost objective of the Group is to steadily increase enterprise value. Value is generated if Group earnings exceed the 
cost of capital. The Issuer uses return on capital employed (ROCE) as the central value-based management metric. Return on 
capital employed (ROCE) measures profitability and is calculated as the ratio of EBIT, adjusted for special items as needed, 
after taxes ("NOPAT" = net operating profit after taxes) to the average capital employed. If the return on capital employed 
(ROCE) exceeds the weighted average cost of capital ("WACC"), the company is earning a premium on its cost of capital. 
 
 
 
 
Calculation of the Return on Capital Employed 
 
∅ Capital employed 
NOPAT 
(Net operating profit after 
taxes) 
EBIT 
X 
effective 
tax rate 
WACC 
X 
∅ capital 
employed 
Cost of  
capital 
Taxes 
EBIT 
Value 
contribution 
Calculation of the Value Contribution 
ROCE 
(Return on capital employed)

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Calculation of average capital employed 
The capital employed is the interest-bearing capital required by the company for its operations. It is calculated from operating 
noncurrent and current assets less non-interest-bearing liabilities. Non-interest-bearing liabilities include, for example, trade 
accounts payable and current provisions. The average capital employed is determined using the capital employed at the 
beginning and end of the relevant period. 
December 
31, 2020 
December 31, 
2019 
January 1, 
2019 
Effects of 
IFRS 16 
December 31, 
2018 (1) 
(amounts in EUR million) 
 
 
Goodwill 
255 
264 
256 
- 
256 
Other intangible assets 
109 
114 
77 
- 
77 
Property, plant and equipment(2) 
5,175 
5,286 
5,069 
660 
4,409 
Investments accounted for using the equity 
method 
173 
192 
214 
- 
214 
Other noncurrent financial assets(3) 
5 
7 
8 
- 
8 
Other receivables(4) 
309 
376 
361 
- 
361 
Deferred taxes(5) 
253 
221 
256 
- 
256 
Inventories 
1,663 
1,916 
2,213 
- 
2,213 
Trade accounts receivable 
1,593 
1,561 
1,786 
- 
1,786 
Claims for income tax refunds 
55 
104 
55 
- 
55 
Assets held for sale(6), (7) 
36 
12 
1 
- 
- 
Gross capital employed 
9,626 
10,053 
10,296 
660 
9,635 
Other provisions(8) 
(360) 
(422) 
(721) 
- 
(721) 
Other liabilities(9) 
(269)(10) 
(284)(10) 
(335)(10) 
- 
(335) 
Deferred tax liabilities(11) 
(177) 
(204) 
(153) 
- 
(153) 
Trade accounts payable 
(1,241)(10) 
(1,431)(10) (1,536)(10) 
- 
(1,536) 
Income tax liabilities 
(162) 
(164) 
(279) 
- 
(279) 
Liabilities directly related to assets held for 
sale(12), (13) 
(7)
(8) 
- 
- 
- 
Capital employed 
7,410 
7,540 
7,272 
660 
6,611 
Average capital employed 
7,475 
7,406 
 
 
 
(1) Reference information was not restated for financial reporting standard IFRS 16. 
(2) As of January 1, 2019, this also contains the lease liabilities from initial application of IFRS 16. 
(3) Other noncurrent financial assets were adjusted for nonoperating assets. 
(4) Other receivables were adjusted for nonoperating and financial receivables. 
(5) Deferred taxes were adjusted for deferred taxes from defined benefit plans and similar obligations. 
(6) Assets held for sale have been included in the calculation of capital employed since January 1, 2019. The prior-year figures were not restated. 
(7) Assets held for sale were adjusted for nonoperating and financial assets. 
(8) Other provisions were adjusted for provisions for interest payments. 
(9) Other liabilities were adjusted for nonoperating and financial liabilities. 
(10) Reference information was restated accordingly. See note 4.1 "Change in presentation of rebates granted to customers" in the notes to the consolidated 
financial statements as of December 31, 2020 of the Issuer. 
(11) Deferred tax liabilities were adjusted for deferred tax liabilities from defined benefit plans and similar obligations. 
(12) Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale have been included in the calculation of capital employed since January 1, 2019. The prior-year figures 
were not restated. 
(13) Liabilities directly related to assets held for sale were adjusted for nonoperating and financial liabilities. 
Calculation of the cost of capital 
WACC reflects the expected return on the company's capital comprising both equity and debt. The cost of equity factors used 
in WACC are calculated by addition of the risk-free interest rate and the risk premium for an equity investment. The Group 
uses the returns on long-term German government bonds as the risk-free interest rate. We derive this risk premium from capital 
market information for comparable listed companies.  
The cost of debt factors is calculated by addition of the risk-free interest rate and a risk premium on debt capital that the Group 
calculates using the financing costs of comparable companies, less the tax benefit of interest incurred on borrowed capital. 
Calculation of the cost of capital generally has a long-term perspective; short-term fluctuations are evened out. The after tax 
capital cost factor for the Group was 7.3% in fiscal 2020 (previous year: 6.8%).

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Calculation of the net operating profit after taxes ("NOPAT") and value contribution 
The absolute value generation of the company is measured by the metric value contribution. This is the difference between 
NOPAT and the cost of capital. The latter is calculated by multiplying the average capital employed by WACC. A positive 
value contribution means that value has been generated. 
NOPAT is the operating result after taxes. Taxes are determined by multiplying the effective tax rate by EBIT. 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million if not otherwise indicated) 
(unaudited) 
EBIT 
696  
852 
Effective tax rate(1) 
25.0 %  
26.8% 
Taxes(2) 
(174)  
(228) 
NOPAT 
522  
624 
WACC 
7.3%  
6.8% 
Average capital employed 
7,475  
7,406 
Cost of capital 
546  
(504) 
Value contribution 
(24)  
120 
ROCE 
7.0%  
8.4% 
(1) The calculation of the effective tax rate is presented in note 13 "Taxes" to the audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2020 of the 
Issuer. 
(2) The imputed income taxes used in the calculation of NOPAT are determined by multiplying EBIT by the effective tax rate. 
Free Operating Cash Flow (FOCF)  
Free operating cash flow (FOCF) is the operating cash flow less cash outflows for additions to property, plant, equipment and 
intangible assets. Free operating cash flow serves in particular to pay dividends and interest and to repay debt. 
Calculation of Free Operating Cash Flow 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
 
EBITDA 
1,472  
1,604 
Income taxes paid 
(155)  
(296) 
Change in pension provisions 
25  
49 
(Gains) losses on retirements of noncurrent assets 
8  
(51) 
Change in other working capital, other noncash items 
(116)  
77 
Operating cash flows 
1,234  
1,383 
Cash outflows for additions to property, plant, equipment and 
intangible assets 
(704)  
(910) 
Free operating cash flow 
530  
473 
Net Financial Debt 
Net financial debt equals the sum of all financial liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, current financial assets and 
receivables from financial derivatives.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Calculation of Net Financial Debt 
Financial year ended December 31, 
2020 
 
2019 
(amounts in EUR million) 
(unaudited) 
Bonds 
1,990  
997 
Liabilities to banks 
227  
10 
Lease liabilities 
672  
735 
Liabilities from derivatives 
9  
10 
Other financial liabilities 
1  
- 
Receivables from derivatives 
(13)  
(15) 
Financial liabilities 
2,886  
1,737 
Cash and cash equivalents 
(1,404)  
(748) 
Current financial assets 
(1,126)  
- 
Net financial debt 
356  
989

--- Page 138 ---
138 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by the Issuer will be used for general corporate purposes unless stated otherwise in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
TAXATION WARNING 
The tax legislation of the state of residence of a prospective purchaser of Notes and the Issuer's country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuous basis to one or more of the Dealers and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may 
be distributed by way of offers to the public pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche 
of Notes will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer and the Dealers have entered into a dealer agreement dated March 12, 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") which sets 
out, inter alia, the arrangements under which Notes, issued under the Programme, may from time to time be agreed to be 
purchased by any one or more Dealers from the Issuer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealer(s) and 
the commissions or any other agreed deductibles payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
Further, the Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. A subscription agreement prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about 
the date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes. 
Method for determining the issue price and the process for its disclosure 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
United States of America (the "United States") 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in 
the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State ("Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by 
it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
with regard to Switzerland this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes described therein. The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the

--- Page 143 ---
143 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (SIX Swiss 
Exchange Ltd. or on any other exchange or any multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA or has been approved by a Swiss review body within the meaning of article 52 of the FinSA, and no 
such prospectus has been or will be prepared for, or in connection with, the offering of the Notes. No "Key Information 
Document" (Basisinformationsblatt) according to the FinSA or any other equivalent document under the FinSA has been 
prepared in relation to the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that 
this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, 
or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is (a) a corporation 
(which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a 
trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an 
accredited investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months 
after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, 
as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are 
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, 
section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with 
the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Supplements to this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer has undertaken, unless it is not intended to issue Notes under the Programme for the time being, that if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme, if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any investment in the Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Group and the 
rights attaching to the Notes, to prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may 
be, publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of Notes.  
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
If the Terms and Conditions (as set out in the Base Prospectus) are modified or amended in a manner which would make the 
Base Prospectus, supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new prospectus will be prepared to the extent required by law. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Group and its affiliates. In 
addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Group and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of management board (Vorstand) of Covestro AG dated 
December 10, 2015 and a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of Covestro AG passed on December 4, 2015. 
The dates of the respective resolutions by the governing bodies of Covestro AG regarding the issuance of a series of Notes are 
set out in each Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, 
Germany ("Clearstream, Frankfurt"). The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes potentially eligible as collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations may be (i) deposited 
with either Clearstream, Frankfurt or (ii) issued in a form compliant with the new global note structure for international bearer 
debt securities and will be kept in safe custody with a common safekeeper ("CSK") to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the International Central Securities Depositories (the "ICSDs"). 
If Notes will be issued in the new global note structure this will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 3912005AWHKLQ1CPLV11.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Consent to the use of the Base Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued under the 
Programme is entitled to use the Base Prospectus in Luxembourg, Germany, Austria and/or The Netherlands for the subsequent 
resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (all as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that the Base 
Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Base Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such delivery. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and the website of the Issuer (www.covestro.com). When using the Base Prospectus, each Dealer 
and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the further 
financial intermediary, shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at the time of 
that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Base Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the 
Base Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes issued under this Programme are outstanding (and in the case of the following items (i) and (iii), for 
a period of at least ten years commencing with the publication of this Base Prospectus), electronic versions of the following 
documents are available on the Issuer's website: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlink: 
"https://www.covestro.com/en/investors/debt/debt-issuance-program"); 
(ii) 
the articles of incorporation of the Issuer (accessed by using the hyperlink: "https://www.covestro.com/-
/media/covestro/country-sites/global/documents/company/management/corporate-
governance/20190424_covestro_ag_articles_of_incorporation.pdf?la=en"); and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (accessed by using the hyperlinks set out 
in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In addition, electronic versions of the contracts relating to a joint representative of the Noteholders of a Series of Notes pursuant 
to § 14 of the Terms and Conditions, where applicable, will be made available on the Issuer's website. 
Third Party Information:  
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms that any 
such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither 
the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages specified below of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF, are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
Annual Report 2020 of the Group (the "Annual Report 2020"), containing the English language translation of the 
respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Covestro AG as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2020 and the German language independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof; and 
(ii) 
Annual Report 2019 of the Group (the "Annual Report 2019"), containing the English language translation of the 
respective German language audited consolidated financial statements of Covestro AG as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2019 and the German language independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk des unabhängigen 
Abschlussprüfers) in respect thereof. 
(iii) 
Extract from the base prospectus of Covestro AG relating to the EUR 5,000,000,000 debt issuance programme dated 
March 12, 2020 (the "Base Prospectus 2020"). 
(iv)  
Extract from the base prospectus of Covestro AG relating to the EUR 5,000,000,000 debt issuance programme dated 
February 26, 2016 (the "Base Prospectus 2016"). 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables below, are either not relevant for the 
investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
(i) 
Extracted from: Covestro – Annual Report 2020 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................................ 
page 187 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................................................. 
page 188 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ....................................................................... 
page 189 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ................................................................................. 
page 190 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................... 
page 191 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement ..................................................................... 
pages 192 - 271 
Independent Auditor's Report ............................................................................................... 
pages 274 - 280 
 
(ii) 
Extracted from: Covestro – Annual Report 2019 
Consolidated Income Statement ............................................................................................ 
page 148 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income .............................................................. 
page 149 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position ....................................................................... 
page 150 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ................................................................................. 
page 151 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................... 
page 152 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement ..................................................................... 
pages 153 - 227 
Independent Auditor's Report ............................................................................................... 
pages 229 - 234 
 
(iii) 
Extracted from: Base Prospectus 2020 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................... 
pages 27 - 85 
 
(iv) 
Extracted from: Base Prospectus 2016 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................... 
pages 65 - 118 
 
All of these pages shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered 
office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.covestro.com) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
Covestro – Annual Report 2020: 
 
https://report.covestro.com/annual-report-2020/servicepages/downloads/files/covestro-ar20-entire.pdf 
2. 
Covestro – Annual Report 2019: 
 
https://report.covestro.com/annual-report-2019/servicepages/downloads/files/covestro_ar19_entire.pdf 
3. 
Covestro – Base Prospectus 2020: 
 
https://www.covestro.com/-/media/covestro/country-sites/global/documents/investrors/debt/debt-issuance-
program/covestro-debt-issuance-program-base-prospectus-2020.pdf?la=en 
4. 
Covestro – Base Prospectus 2016: 
 
https://www.covestro.com/-/media/covestro/country-sites/global/documents/investrors/debt/debt-issuance-
program/2021/covestro--base-prospectus-2016.pdf?la=en

--- Page 148 ---
148 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
ISSUER 
Covestro AG 
Kaiser-Wilhelm-Allee 60 
51373 Leverkusen 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
DEALERS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
AUDITOR 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Tersteegenstraße 19-23 
40474 Düsseldorf 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to German law 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany