--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
CPI PROPERTY GROUP 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its 
registered office at 40, rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade 
and companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B102254 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), CPI Property Group (the Issuer) may from 
time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes (Senior Notes) or (ii) dated 
or undated subordinated Notes (respectively Dated Subordinated Notes and Undated Subordinated Notes 
and, together, Subordinated Notes). The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
are set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes" respectively. 
The Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a Dealer and, together, the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of the Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in the Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Such approval relates only to the Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin), 
the regulated market (in Czech: regulovaný trh) of Burza cenných papírů Praha, a.s. (the Prague Stock 
Exchange or the PSE) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU and/or that are 
to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances 
that require publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The Issuer has requested the Central Bank of Ireland to provide the 
Czech National Bank, as competent authority of the Czech Republic, with a certificate of approval attesting that 
this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (Notification). Pursuant

--- Page 2 ---
to the Notification, the Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the PSE. References 
in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and/or admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the PSE. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue 
price of the Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which 
will, where listed, be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and/or the Czech National Bank and Euronext 
Dublin and/or the PSE (as appropriate).  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin, and copies of Final Terms in relation to the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
PSE will also be published on the website of the Czech National Bank. 
The Programme provides that the Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated Baa2 by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's), BBB by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (S&P) and A- by Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd (JCR). The Programme has been rated Baa2 
in respect of the Senior Notes and Ba1 in respect of the Subordinated Notes by Moody's and the Programme 
has been rated BBB in respect of the Senior Notes and BB+ in respect of the Subordinated Notes by S&P. 
Moody's and S&P are established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such Moody's and S&P are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. JCR is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under the EU 
CRA Regulation, but it is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and it is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by 
Moody's and S&P. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (for which Mid Swaps is specified in 
the Final Terms as the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate), in each case where denominated in euros, will be 
calculated by reference to EURIBOR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation).

--- Page 3 ---
Joint Arrangers 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit  
 
Dealers 
Bank of China 
Barclays 
Credit Suisse 
Goldman Sachs 
International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Raiffeisen Bank 
International AG 
Santander Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking  
UniCredit 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 May 2022.

--- Page 4 ---
i 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Where information has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where 
used. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as 
to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
or for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and 
offering of the Notes under the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee 
to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
ii 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor

--- Page 6 ---
iii 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes to be issued under the Programme are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Canada: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces 
or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base 
Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies 
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars 
of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of 
securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of 
National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply 
with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection 
with this offering. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of

--- Page 7 ---
iv 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium), 
the UK, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and Switzerland. See "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed to them in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have 
the meanings defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
CHF refer to Swiss francs; 
 
CZK and Koruna refer to Czech Koruna; 
 
Euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
 
HKD refer to Hong Kong dollars; 
 
JPY refer to Japanese yen;  
 
SGD refer to Singapore dollars; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
 
USD, U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
Non-IFRS Measures 
General 
This Base Prospectus includes certain non-IFRS measures that are unaudited supplementary measures 
of the performance of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, the Group) that are not required by, or 
presented in accordance with, the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the European 
Union (IFRS). The non-IFRS measures described below are alternative performance measures (APMs) 
as defined in the European Securities and Market Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures dated 5 October 2015 (the ESMA Guidelines). Where used, the relevant metrics are 
identified as APMs and accompanied by an explanation of each such metric's components and 
calculation method. 
Although the APMs disclosed in this Base Prospectus are not measures of operating income, operating 
performance or liquidity derived in accordance with IFRS, the Issuer has presented these measures in 
this Base Prospectus because it understands that similarly titled measures may be used by some 
investors and analysts. In particular, the APMs used by the Group are commonly referred to and 
analysed by professionals participating in the real estate sector to reflect the underlying business 
performance and to enhance comparability both between different companies in the sector and between 
different financial periods. The use of APMs in the real estate sector is considered advantageous by 
various participants, including banks, analysts, bondholders and other users of financial information: 
APMs provide additional helpful and useful information in a concise and practical manner; APMs are

--- Page 8 ---
v 
commonly used by senior management and the Board of Directors for their decision making and setting 
the mid- and long-term strategy of the Group and assist in discussion with outside parties; and APMs 
in some cases might better reflect key trends in the Group's performance which are specific to that 
sector, that is, APMs are a way for management to highlight the key value drivers within the business 
that may not be obvious in the consolidated financial statements. 
The APMs disclosed in this Base Prospectus should not, however, be considered as an alternative to, in 
isolation from or as substitutes for financial information reported under IFRS. The APMs disclosed in 
this Base Prospectus are not measures specifically defined by IFRS and the Group's use of these 
measures may vary from other companies in its industry due to differences in accounting policies or 
differences in the calculation methodology of similar measures by other companies in its industry. 
The Group calculates the APMs it uses as follows:1 
 
"Average cost of debt" is calculated as a weighted average interest rate of Total Debt, reflecting 
also the impact of contracted interest rate swaps and cross-currency swaps by the Group. 
 
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" as the consolidated profit/(loss) of the Issuer before taxes, 
depreciation, amortisation, impairments and change in provisions and excluding any 
revaluation changes, financial income and financial expenses, net result on acquisitions and 
disposals and any other exceptional non-recurring and non-cash items, as determined by 
reference to the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual, as the case may be, 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the Issuer, and including the Issuer's 
proportionate share of EBITDA of equity accounted investees and other financial assets, as 
determined by the most recent audited or unaudited semi-annual, as the case may be, 
consolidated income statement of such equity accounted investees and other financial assets.2 
 
"Consolidated Total Indebtedness" or "Total Debt" as the total indebtedness of the Group 
(excluding deferred tax liabilities) as determined by reference to the most recent consolidated 
statement of financial position of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as 
the case may be) financial statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS or IAS 
34, as applicable. 
 
"EPRA Net Reinstatement Value" is a measure of the fair value of net assets assuming a normal 
investment property company business model. This measure assumes that entities never sell 
assets and aims to represent the value required to rebuild the entity. For this reason, deferred 
taxes on property revaluations and the fair value of deferred tax liabilities are excluded as the 
investment property is not expected to be sold and the tax liability is not expected to materialise. 
In addition, the fair value of financial instruments which the company intends to hold to 
maturity is excluded as these will cancel out on settlement. All other assets including trading 
property, finance leases, and investments reported at cost are adjusted to fair value. This 
performance indicator has been prepared in accordance with best practices as defined by EPRA 
(European Public Real Estate Association) in its Best Practices Recommendations guide, 
available on EPRA's website (www.epra.com). 
 
"FFO", or funds from operation, provide an indication of core recurring earnings from the 
Group's operations. It is calculated as net profit for the period adjusted by non-cash 
                                                    
1 The Group has adjusted its APMs in certain places to better reflect the acquisition of new investments.    
2 Beginning from 31 March 2020, calculation of the Group's Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the three month period ended 31 March 2020 
and in all subsequent financial reporting periods, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the 12 month period ended 31 December 2020 and the 
12 month period ended 31 December 2021, has been adjusted to account for the Group's shareholding in Globalworth Real Estate Investments 
Limited (see "Description of the Issuer – Globalworth") on a proportionate basis.  
Beginning from 31 December 2021, calculation of the Group's Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the 12 month period ended 31 December 
2021 has been adjusted to account for the Group's weighted average shareholding in IMMOFINANZ AG (see "Description of the Issuer – 
IMMOFINANZ") and S IMMO AG (see "Description of the Issuer – S IMMO") on a proportionate basis.

--- Page 9 ---
vi 
revenues/expenses (such as deferred tax, net valuation gain/loss, impairment, amortisation/ 
depreciation and goodwill) and non-recurring (both cash and non-cash) items. The calculation 
of FFO also excludes accounting adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint 
ventures.  
 
"gross leasable area" as the amount of floor space available to be rented. Gross leasable area 
is the area for which tenants pay rent, and thus the area that produces income for the property 
owner. 
 
"Net interest Coverage Ratio" as Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA divided by a sum of interest 
expense and interest income, each as shown in the most recent consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case 
may be) financial statements of the Group. 
 
"Net loan to value" or "Net LTV" as net debt divided by fair value of the property portfolio. Net 
debt is calculated as Consolidated Total Indebtedness less cash and cash equivalents. Net loan 
to value provides a general assessment of financing risk undertaken. 
 
"occupancy rate" represents a ratio of estimated rental value of rented or used space compared 
to estimated rental value of the total amount of gross leasable area. 
 
"property portfolio" includes all properties, investees and other financial assets held by the 
Group, independent of their balance sheet classification, from which the Group incurs rental or 
other operating income.  
 
"Secured Debt to Total Debt" is calculated as a sum of secured bonds and secured financial 
debts as reported divided by a sum of bonds issued and financial debts as reported. This measure 
is an important indicator of a firm’s financial flexibility and liquidity. Lower levels of secured 
debt typically also means lower levels of mortgage debt - properties that are free and clear of 
mortgages are sources of alternative liquidity via the issuance of property-specific mortgage 
debt, or even sales. 
 
"Unencumbered assets ratio" is calculated as total assets less a sum of pledged assets divided 
by total assets, each as shown in the most recent consolidated statement of financial position of 
the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case may be) financial 
statements of the Group. 
 
"vacancy rate" as the ratio of vacant or unoccupied space compared to the total amount of gross 
leasable area. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 10 ---
vii 
 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor's currency; 
 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent 
(1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by 
the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED SENIOR NOTES ISSUED 
UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes (as defined herein) under the 
Programme, the Issuer may request a provider of second-party opinions to issue a SPO (as defined in 
"Risk Factors – Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes may not be a suitable investment 
for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics" below). In addition, in 
connection with the issue of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under the Programme, the Issuer will 
engage an External Verifier (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) of the 
Senior Notes) to carry out the relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing a Limited 
Assurance Report (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) of the Senior 
Notes) in relation to the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes. Each such SPO or Limited Assurance 
Report will be accessible through the Issuer’s website at: https://cpipg.com/en/sustainability. However, 
any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website and the information in such opinions or 
report or any past or future Limited Assurance Report is not part of this Base Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Senior Notes to 
be issued under the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, any 
other member of the Group, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers or any other member of their group, second 
party opinion providers or the External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of 
any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification

--- Page 11 ---
viii 
and any other document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 12 ---
ix 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................. 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 42 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................... 46 
PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION .................................................................................... 51 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 63 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR THE SENIOR NOTES ............................................................. 67 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................ 82 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES .................................................................. 96 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................... 148 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 190 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED BOND FRAMEWORK .................................................................... 191 
MARKET OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................................... 197 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 206 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS ................................................................................... 257 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 258 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 266 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 270

--- Page 13 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may 
agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and the relevant Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
CPI Property Group 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
222100CO2ZOTEPGJO223 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors".
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Société Générale  
UniCredit Bank AG
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Credit Suisse International 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Bank plc 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines,

--- Page 14 ---
2 
 
 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale"), including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent. See 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
HSBC Bank plc
Agent Bank (applicable to 
Subordinated Notes only): 
HSBC Bank plc 
Trustee: 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited  
Transfer Agent:  
HSBC Bank plc 
Registrar:  
HSBC Bank plc 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Notes may be denominated in Euro, Czech Koruna, Sterling, 
U.S. dollars, Japanese Yen and any other currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Each of the Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes will 
have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in 
respect of which there is no fixed redemption date and the 
Issuer shall only have the right to redeem, substitute or vary 
the Undated Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6 
(Redemption) or 7 (Substitution or Variation) of the 
Subordinated Notes, respectively.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form in 
series (each a Series) consisting of one or more Tranches as 
described in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 15 ---
3 
 
 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Senior Notes: 
Floating Rate Senior Notes will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as of 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the 
relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Notes in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Senior Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Senior Notes may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then such rate of interest may be substituted 
(subject to certain conditions) with a successor or alternative 
rate with the application of an adjustment spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero) and with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes as described 
in the relevant Terms and Conditions. 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes: 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Step 
Up 
Event: 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether a 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event will apply to the Senior 
Notes, in which case the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Senior Notes may be subject to upward adjustment as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more

--- Page 16 ---
4 
 
 
than once in respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes, and will not subsequently decrease thereafter. 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes: 
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will bear interest 
on their principal amount from and including the Issue Date 
to but excluding the First Reset Date at the First Fixed Rate 
of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, 
this fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-
market swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency or to a 
reference bond yield to maturity, and for a period equal to the 
reset period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such 
interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation and early 
redemption or, in the case of the Subordinated Notes only, 
unless the applicable Final Terms provides that such 
Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities that have no fixed 
date for redemption, the Notes will be redeemed at their Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date.  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution. See 
"Certain Restrictions—Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see 
"Certain Restrictions—Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation) of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, 
Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Subordinated Notes. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation) of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, 
Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Subordinated Notes, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted.

--- Page 17 ---
5 
 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge) of the Senior Notes. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10.1 (Events of 
Default) of the Senior Notes. 
Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default or 
cross default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge) of the Senior Notes) unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) 
equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
 
Subordinated Notes are direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The rights and claims of the 
Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes, in each 
case against the Issuer, are subordinated as described in the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Status and Subordination) of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated Baa2 by Moody's, BBB by S&P 
and A- by JCR. The Programme has been rated Baa2 in 
respect of the Senior Notes and Ba1 in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes by Moody's and the Programme has been 
rated BBB in respect of the Senior Notes and BB+ in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes by S&P. Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Programme by Moody's or S&P. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official 
List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank of Ireland to 
provide the Czech National Bank, as competent authority of 
the Czech Republic, with a certificate of approval attesting 
that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to which the Issuer 
may apply for Notes issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the PSE.

--- Page 18 ---
6 
 
 
The Notes may also be listed on such other stock exchange 
and traded on such other market as shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued.
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law, except 
Condition 3.2 (Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated 
Notes which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Luxembourg law. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg Companies' Act 1915 are excluded in respect of 
the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these 
purposes, Belgium), the UK, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
7 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There are a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain 
factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence 
of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the markets in which the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, the Group) operate 
The Group has significant investments and operations in emerging markets  
Investors in emerging and developing markets such as the regions of Central and Eastern Europe (CEE), 
in which the Group operates, should be aware that these markets are subject to greater legal, economic, 
fiscal and political risks than mature markets and are subject to rapid and sometimes unpredictable 
change. As a result, investing in the securities of issuers with substantial operations in emerging or 
developing markets generally involves a higher degree of risk than investing in the securities of issuers 
with substantial operations in the countries of Western Europe or other similar jurisdictions. 
The Group's operations in the CEE region are exposed to risks which are common to all regions that 
have recently undergone, or are undergoing, political, economic or social change, including currency 
fluctuations, an evolving regulatory environment, inflation, economic downturns, local market 
disruptions, labour unrest, changes in disposable income or gross national product, variations in interest 
rates and taxation policies and other similar factors. Political or economic instability resulting from the 
occurrence of any of these risks may adversely affect the real estate market in the CEE region. As a 
result, the Group's performance could be significantly affected by events in the CEE region which are 
beyond its control, such as a general downturn in the economy, political instability, changes in 
regulatory requirements and applicable laws (including in relation to taxation), the condition of financial 
markets and interest and inflation rate fluctuations. Such events could reduce the Group's rental income 
and/or the market value of its properties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Investors should note that since emerging economies can be subject to rapid change, the information 
set out herein may become outdated relatively quickly. Accordingly, investors should exercise 
particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in light of those 
risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging markets is only suitable for 
sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risks involved, and investors are 
urged to consult with their own legal and financial advisers before making an investment in the Notes. 
The Group faces business risks stemming from central banks' monetary policy decisions. Any rise in 
interest rates could have material adverse effects on real estate markets and on the Group   
In recent years, central banks around the world have engaged in an unprecedented set of monetary 
policy measures generally referred to as quantitative easing. Such measures generally consist of central 
bank purchases of government and other securities held by commercial banks and other private sector 
entities to stimulate the economy by increasing the amount of liquidity available to banks for onward 
lending to businesses. Further, in response to the economic impact of the coronavirus (Covid-19)

--- Page 20 ---
8 
 
 
pandemic, central banks around the world, including the Czech National Bank and the European Central 
Bank (ECB), adopted a number of measures in 2020 and 2021 that were designed to support the banking 
sector's liquidity. These measures included the lowering of interest rates to historically low levels. By 
engaging in quantitative easing and maintaining interest rates at historically low levels, central banks 
have created an environment that has affected real estate companies in a variety of ways. Among other 
things, this has made it easier for the Group to raise new finance and to refinance its existing liabilities. 
Moreover, by contributing to a rise in asset prices, including real estate, this has supported the valuation 
of the Group's property portfolio.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, monetary stimulus by central banks remains in place, although 
it is anticipated that the ECB will gradually remove monetary stimulus over the course of 2022 in 
response to record levels of inflation in Europe. As central banks begin to tighten monetary policy and 
raise interest rates to levels that are more in line with historical averages, the Group's business is likely 
to be affected in a number of ways. The cost at which the Group is able to raise new financing and 
refinance its existing liabilities will increase. Asset prices may decline from their current high levels, 
which could lead to a reduction in the value of the Group's property portfolio. Moreover, because of the 
dampening effect that a tighter monetary policy typically has on the general economy, private 
households on average are likely to have less disposable income, which may impact the performance 
of the Group's tenants. Therefore, if central banks begin to tighten monetary policy, the Group's business 
activities, results of operations, net assets, financial condition or cash flow could be materially adversely 
affected in a variety of ways. 
The Group's properties are generally subject to state bodies exercising their right of expropriation or 
directing a compulsory purchase 
Under certain circumstances, properties of the Group (each a property and together, the properties) 
may be subject to expropriation, for example to complete public works, redevelopment or infrastructure 
projects. Typically, compensation must be paid to the owner of the property, however there can be 
no assurance that compensation in respect of any expropriation will be adequate in all circumstances. 
Such events could reduce the Group's rental income and/or the value of its property portfolio, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results 
of operations. 
Risks related to the Group's business and industry 
The ongoing global Covid-19 pandemic has led to significant volatility in financial and other markets 
and may continue to negatively affect the Group's business and results of operations 
The outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic, together with measures aimed at mitigating the further spread 
of Covid-19, such as restrictions on international and domestic travel, the imposition of quarantines, 
prolonged closures of workplaces and the retail and hospitality industries, curfews or other social 
distancing measures, has had a significant adverse effect on the global economy and international 
financial markets and may significantly negatively impact the Group's business.  
A number of factors that are important for the Group to successfully conduct its business could be 
materially affected by the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic. For instance, the various measures and 
restrictions implemented by countries around the world to attempt to slow the spread of Covid-19 have 
had a significant negative impact on the global economy and if such measures and restrictions continue 
to remain in place, or should additional measures and restrictions be introduced, this may result in a 
severe global recession and financial crisis. Many businesses have been and could be forced to close, 
leading to further increases in unemployment and to a decrease in consumer spending. Such 
developments could have a number of significant negative effects on the Group's business, including 
the following:  
 
some tenants in the Group's properties could find it increasingly difficult to pay rent, thereby 
leading to an increase in late payments and a consequential reduction of the Group's cash flow;

--- Page 21 ---
9 
 
 
 
other tenants in the Group's properties may go bankrupt and/or may no longer be able to afford 
to pay rent at all and be forced to move out, thereby further reducing the Group's revenue 
streams. As a result, the Group may be confronted with having lower occupancy levels or 
having to lower rental prices at its properties;  
 
the Covid-19 pandemic may have a negative impact on rental and sale prices and overall 
demand, which may also affect the Group's income, cash flow and profitability and the value 
of the properties it holds. Subdued economic activity could make it more difficult for the Group 
to sell properties at the prices expected by the Group, if at all; and 
 
as at 31 December 2021, hotels account for approximately 5.9 per cent. of the Group's property 
portfolio and the Group's hotel operations depend on corporate spending and tourism, which 
could be materially impacted by a significant drop in demand, directly impacting the occupancy 
and therefore profitability of the Group's hotel portfolio. 
Retail properties constitute approximately 21 per cent. of the Group's property portfolio by value and 
include shopping centres, retail parks and grocery stores primarily located in the Czech Republic, 
Slovakia, Poland and Hungary. Approximately 50 per cent. of the Group's retail portfolio has remained 
open throughout 2021 as many of the Group's retail tenants were considered "essential" (including, for 
example, grocery stores, pharmacies and pet stores in the Group's shopping centres and retail parks) 
and were permitted to stay open. Closed units primarily relate to units in the Group’s shopping centres 
which were deemed "non-essential" by local governments. The Group has not experienced any 
significant delays or variations in rental collections from offices and open retail units and the Group 
invoiced and collected rent normally across the vast majority of its portfolio throughout the pandemic.  
The Group worked closely with retail tenants in 2020 and 2021 to, where necessary, agree on rental 
discounts, assist with government support and/or defer pending rental payments.  In a limited number 
of cases, the Group collected security deposits and exercised bank guarantees in lieu of rental payments. 
In total, the Group agreed EUR 11.5 million of one-time rent discounts in 2021, less than 3 per cent. of 
the Group's gross rental income, nearly all relating to retail units which were closed at times during 
2021. Nevertheless, the Group's rental collection rate (prior to the grant of one-time Covid-19 related 
discounts) for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 96.6 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's total liquidity was EUR 1,201,804,000 and included a EUR 700 
million revolving credit facility due in 2026 and cash and cash equivalents of EUR 505 million. As at 
31 December 2021, 70 per cent. of the Group’s assets were unencumbered.  
As such, the Group does not expect the Covid-19 pandemic to have an impact on its ability to continue 
as a going concern. The Group has significant headroom under its financial covenants and remains 
committed to the Group’s financial policy. However, the Group is reassessing and reprioritising its 
capital expenditure and development plans, as well as taking actions to reduce overhead and other costs. 
The extent of the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the Group is highly uncertain at this time and 
depends on a number of factors, such as the duration and scope of the pandemic, and the suitability and 
effectiveness of measures adopted by authorities in response to the pandemic. The continued spread of 
the Covid-19 pandemic and the occurrence or escalation of one or more of the above developments may 
further significantly negatively impact the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results 
of operations. In addition, the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic, including measures taken by 
governments and authorities in jurisdictions where the Group operates to contain the spread of the virus, 
may heighten the other corresponding risks described under this "Risk Factors" section, including by 
increasing both the probability of negative impacts as well as the severity of such impacts.

--- Page 22 ---
10 
 
 
Risks connected with the Russia-Ukraine conflict 
As a result of the recent military incursion by Russia into Ukraine, the EU, the United States and 
governments in several other countries have imposed severe economic sanctions against Russia and 
Russian interests, as well as enhanced export controls on certain products and industries. While it is 
difficult to anticipate the impact that the sanctions and controls announced to date may have on the 
Group, these and any further measures or actions taken by any governments, as well as any measures 
taken by the governments of Russia or other countries in response (such as restrictions in the supply of 
crude oil and gas to countries in the region and the EU), could adversely impact macroeconomic 
conditions, give rise to regional instability, increase the Group's and its customers' costs, and disrupt 
the Group's supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, prospects and results of operations. It should be noted that the Group has one hotel property 
in Moscow, Russia, which as at 31 December 2021, had a valuation of approximately EUR 17 million, 
representing less than 0.1 per cent. of the Group's total property portfolio. As at 31 December 2021, 
approximately 99.9 per cent. of the Group's total property portfolio was in the European Union/EEA.   
The Group is exposed to general commercial property risks including economic, demographic and market 
developments 
The Group is exposed to all of the risks inherent in the business of owning, managing and using 
commercial and residential real estate. Its performance may be adversely affected by an oversupply 
or a downturn in the commercial real estate market in general, or in the commercial real estate 
market in those cities in which the properties are located. For example, rental income and the market 
value for properties are generally affected by overall conditions in the EU and national and local 
economies, such as growth in gross domestic product (GDP), inflation and changes in interest rates. 
Changes in GDP may also impact employment levels, which in turn may affect tenants' ability to meet 
their rental obligations to the Group and impact the demand for premises generally. There can be no 
assurance that the Group will be able to maintain the current high occupancy rates, rental levels and 
lease terms of its properties in the future. 
Other factors which could have an impact on the value of a property are more general in nature, 
such as national, regional or local economic conditions (including key business closures, industry 
slowdowns and unemployment rates, and any cyclical patterns relating to these trends); local property 
conditions from time to time (such as the balance between supply and demand); demographic factors; 
consumer confidence; consumer tastes and preferences; changes in governmental regulations including 
retrospective changes in building codes; planning/zoning or tax laws; potential environmental 
legislation or liabilities; the availability of refinancing; and changes in interest rate levels or yields 
required by investors in income producing commercial properties. 
The demand for commercial properties and the ability of such properties to generate income and sustain 
market value is based on a number of factors, including: 
 
the economic and demographic environment; 
 
renovation work required on vacant units before they are re-let; 
 
tenant credit risk; 
 
workplace trends including growth rate, telecommuting and tenants' use of space sharing; 
 
local infrastructure and access to public transportation; 
 
the competitive environment; and 
 
tenant expectations of facility quality and upkeep.

--- Page 23 ---
11 
 
 
Any deterioration in demand may result in increased pressure to offer new and renewing tenants 
financial and other incentives, which in turn may lead to an overall negative impact on net rental 
incomes as operating expenses increase. The occurrence of any one or a combination of the factors 
noted above may have a material adverse effect on the value of the properties, the potential to increase 
rent following rent reviews and the ability of the Group to sell its properties on favourable terms or at 
all. Any deterioration on net rental income, the value of the properties, or the Group's ability to sell 
its properties, could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments of interest and/or 
principal on the Notes. 
The performance of the Group's property portfolio is exposed to concentration risks 
The Group's property portfolio is exposed to concentration risk as a significant proportion of its 
portfolio is located in a limited number of countries and cities, including, in particular, in Berlin and 
the Czech Republic. As at 31 December 2021, 74 per cent. of the Group's property portfolio was located 
in the Czech Republic, Germany and Poland. The performance of the Group's property portfolio may 
be disproportionately impacted by events or market developments occurring in specific countries or 
cities or by developments that affect certain types of commercial or residential real estate. These 
developments may result in less favourable lease terms, increased vacancy rates and decreased rent 
levels for the Group's property portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business activities, results of operations and financial condition.  
Any decline in occupancy levels may have a direct impact on the Group's cash flows 
The Group invests in real estate and derives a significant proportion of its cash flows from rental 
payments received from the tenants occupying its properties. Any significant decline in occupancy 
levels in respect of the properties could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments of interest on the Notes. Factors affecting occupancy may include, but are not limited 
to: 
 
the age, quality and design of a property relative to comparable properties in the local market; 
 
the property's location relative to public transportation; 
 
the standard of maintenance and upkeep of a property, including any work done by third-party 
service providers; and 
 
the perceptions regarding the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the property. 
The Group's occupancy rate has remained robust across its portfolio (including in the retail segment, 
which has faced significant challenges due to the Covid-19 pandemic). As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group's occupancy rate was 93.8 per cent. compared to 93.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020. There 
can be no assurance, however, that tenants will renew their leases on terms favourable to the Group 
at the end of their current tenancies or, if they do not, that new tenants of equivalent standing (or any 
new tenants) will be found to take-up replacement leases. 
Any failure of the Group to sustain an adequate occupancy level could have a material adverse effect 
on any Group member's ability to collect rent payments. Further, the relevant Group member would 
continue to face fixed costs (subject to certain exceptions) to cover service charge contributions in 
respect of any vacant units, which would reduce amounts available to make payments of interest on the 
Notes.  
The Group's financial performance relies on its ability to attract and retain tenants, which may suffer 
as a result of increased competition from other owners, operators and developers  
The Group faces competition from other owners, operators and developers of real estate. The Group

--- Page 24 ---
12 
 
 
competes with local real estate developers, private investors, property funds and other retail property 
owners for tenants. Other than the requirement for capital, there are few other barriers to entry to the 
property market. Some of the Group's competitors may have properties that are newer, better located, 
or in superior condition compared to its properties.  
The competition for tenants may also negatively affect the Group's ability to optimise the tenant mix, 
attract new tenants and retain existing tenants and may negatively influence the terms of the Group's 
lease agreements, including the amount of rent that the Group charges and the incentives that the Group 
provides to tenants, thereby adversely affecting the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and 
results of operations. 
The Group's strategy envisions potential additional selective property acquisitions, but the Group 
may be unable to acquire them on acceptable terms, identify all potential liabilities associated with 
them or complete the acquisitions 
The Group has created and increased its property portfolio through selective property acquisitions. In 
the future, the Group plans to continue to expand its property portfolio through selective acquisitions. 
Its acquisition strategy includes identifying properties that meet the Group's investment criteria and 
acquiring such properties on terms acceptable to the Group. See "Description of the Issuer—Strategy". 
The acquisition of real estate requires, among other things, an analysis of the factors that create value, 
and such analysis is subject to a wide variety of factors and subjective assessments and is based on 
various assumptions. It is possible that the Group may overestimate the potential of target properties 
when making acquisition decisions and cost savings and synergies may not develop or that it may base 
its decision on inaccurate information or assumptions that turn out to be incorrect. The Group may also 
overestimate the likelihood of obtaining the required government permits and approvals for 
development properties. Such errors may only become apparent at a later stage and force the Group to 
recognise fair value losses in its statement of income. Furthermore, the Group cannot guarantee that its 
due diligence when purchasing a property will identify all of the potential liabilities and risks related to 
the property or that it will have recourse to the seller of the property for the non-disclosure of such risks. 
Such risks could impact the fair value of the properties, cause a loss of the Group's rights to a property 
or incur significant additional costs. Any inability or failure to identify and acquire attractive properties 
at commercially acceptable terms or to identify potential liabilities associated with the properties, or 
complete the property acquisitions at all will negatively impact the Group's business strategy to focus 
on targeting properties with value-add potential which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to manage its growth successfully   
The Group expects its future growth to place significant demands on its management, operations 
and other resources. Challenges it may face in future growth include continuing to improve its 
managerial, technical and operational knowledge, implementing an effective management information 
system, continuing to recruit and train managerial and other professional staff to satisfy its business 
requirements, obtaining sufficient financial resources to fund its on-going operations and its future 
growth, managing relationships with a greater number of tenants, suppliers, contractors, lenders and 
other third parties, and strengthening its internal control and compliance functions to ensure that the 
Group is able to comply with its regulatory and contractual obligations. 
The Group has made a number of significant acquisitions in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 across various 
asset classes. For example, in 2018, the Group acquired (i) Zgorzelec Property Development sp. z o.o., 
the owner of a retail park in Zgorzelec, Poland; (ii) Futurum Hradec Králové Shopping Centre with a 
total floor area of 39,000 square metres (sqm) and 1,350 parking spaces; (iii) four existing retail parks

--- Page 25 ---
13 
 
 
in Poland – Retail park HopStop Zamość 1, Retail park HopStop Zamość 2, Retail park HopStop 
Rembertów and Retail park Hop Stop Radom; (iv) 11 luxury apartments at Buxmead in North London; 
(v) the hotel operator of the Holiday Inn hotel in Rome; and (vi) two office properties in Warsaw. In 
2019, the Group acquired (i) Hotel Park Inn in Ostrava, Czech Republic; (ii) a four star Holiday Inn 
hotel in Brno; (iii) 7 St James's Square in London, offering up to 33,000 square feet of gross leasable 
area (GLA) for offices; (iv) seven fully let homes at West Village, a development of contemporary 
homes in Notting Hill, London, and (v) three offices in central Warsaw for over EUR 560 million 
(Warsaw Financial Center, Eurocentrum and Equator IV). During 2020, the Group continued the 
Warsaw office acquisition strategy that began in the final quarter of 2019 and acquired six offices for 
more than EUR 260 million (Green Corner A, Equator II, Equator I, Moniuszki 1A, Chałubinskiego 8 
and Concept Tower), bringing the total value of the Group’s Warsaw office portfolio to nearly EUR 
1,000 billion, representing over 315,000 sqm of leasable area. In January and February 2020, through a 
series of transactions, the Group acquired 65,250,000 shares (equating to a 29.55 per cent. shareholding) 
of Globalworth Real Estate Investments Limited (Globalworth), a leading owner of income-generating 
office properties in Poland and Romania, with approximately EUR 3,500 million of assets generating 
more than EUR 150 million of gross rental income each year. In April 2021, the Group formed a joint 
venture with Aroundtown SA (Aroundtown), and announced a cash offer for Globalworth's entire 
issued share capital that the companies did not already own. In light of this announcement, on 15 April 
2021 S&P placed the Group’s BBB rating on CreditWatch with negative implications. Moody's 
published an issuer comment on 14 April, but kept the Baa2 rating with negative outlook on the Group 
unchanged. For more information, see "Description of the Issuer – Globalworth" below. In November 
2020, the Group acquired more than 50 per cent. of Next RE SIIQ S.p.A. (formerly known as Nova RE 
SIIQ S.p.A.) (Next RE (formerly Nova RE)), an Italian real estate company with a property portfolio 
valued at EUR 123 million at 31 December 2020, by participating in a capital increase for a total 
consideration of about EUR 26 million. A mandatory tender offer for the remaining shares was launched 
in December 2020 and concluded in January 2021, following which the Group held approximately 
92.44 per cent. of Next RE (formerly Nova RE)’s share capital. For more information, see "Description 
of the Issuer – Next RE (formerly Nova RE)" below. In the third quarter of 2020, the Group acquired St. 
Mark's Court, located in St. John's Wood in North London. St. Mark's Court is a rare unbroken freehold 
terrace and lot consisting of 24 apartments with the potential for future expansion. The acquisition of 
St. Mark's Court was in line with the Group's strategy of investing selectively in the residential sector 
in the UK.  
In the first quarter of 2021, the Group acquired 100 per cent. shares in three Italian companies, 
Millennium S.r.l., Freccia Alata S.r.l. and Peabody Lamaro Roma S.r.l. forming Collina Muratella 
Complex, a landbank for a planned residential complex in Rome, Italy. As part of the transaction, the 
Group purchased bank loans below their nominal values through its newly-founded investment vehicle 
CPI Italy 130 SPV. In April 2021, the Group acquired ൲൳.൰൱ per cent. shares in two German companies 
owning land plots in Berlin, Germany: GSG BER Waßmannsdorf Eins GmbH and GSG BER 
Waßmannsdorf Zwei GmbH. The total consideration paid was EUR ൫൬.൳ million.  In June 2021, the 
Group acquired ALIZÉ PROPERTY a.s, an owner of a land plot in Slovakia. The total consideration 
paid was EUR 13.9 million. In June 2021, the Group acquired Polma 1 SA (Polma) from the Group’s 
majority shareholder. Polma was a Luxembourg based direct or indirect parent company of several 
Italian based subsidiaries - Eurocraft Cantieri Navali S.rl. (owner of one building in Italy), Capital Dev 
S.p.A., Parsec 6 S.p.A. (owner of the shopping centre Maximo in Rome, Italy), Parco delle Acacie Due 
S.p.A. (owner the land plot in Rome, Italy), Vicovaro R.E. S.r.l. (owner of a landbank in Vicovaro, 
Italy), Samar - S.p.A. (owner of the land plot in Rome, Italy), Istituto Immobiliare Di Catania S.P.A. 
(owner of a landbank in Rome, Italy), C.E.Co.S. Completamento Edilizio Corso Sicilia (owner of the

--- Page 26 ---
14 
 
 
land plot in Rome, Italy), Istituto Per L'Edilizia San Berillo S.r.l., S. Maria Della Guardia S.r.l., CPI 
Real Estate Italy S.r.l., and CPI Tor di Valle S.r.l. Polma is also an indirect parent company of a 
Switzerland based subsidiary, Ranchmatti SA (owner of a one building plot in Switzerland). Total 
consideration of the acquisition was EUR 368.3 million (including EUR 227.2 million paid by the 
Group to settle the Polma group's pre-acquisition loans against entities controlled by the Group’s 
majority shareholder and EUR 24.5 million paid by the Group to settle the Polma group's pre-acquisition 
bank loans).  
During 2021, the Group acquired shares in IMMOFINANZ AG (IMMOFINANZ), a large and well-
regarded owner of Central European commercial real estate, in the public market and through block 
purchases (the IMMOFINANZ Takeover). On 3 December 2021, the Group announced its intention 
to launch a mandatory takeover offer of IMMOFINANZ.  For more information, see " – Risks related 
to IMMOFINANZ's performance and unforeseen liabilities following its acquisition", " – Risks related 
to the integration of IMMOFINANZ's activities and the non-realisation of the expected synergies 
following the IMMOFINANZ Takeover", " – Risks related to the triggering of change of control clauses 
following the IMMOFINANZ Takeover" and "Description of Issuer – IMMOFINANZ" and "Pro Forma 
Financial Information".  
In 2021, the Group acquired 9,160,240 shares of Sparkassen Immobilien AG (S IMMO), corresponding 
to a participation of 12.4 per cent. S IMMO is a Vienna Stock Exchange-listed real estate investment 
company focusing on Austria, Germany and the CEE region. S IMMO's EUR 2.7 billion property 
portfolio consists of approximately 70 per cent. commercial office, retail and hotel assets, and 30 per 
cent. residential portfolio. Currently, the Group directly holds 16.1 per cent. of S IMMO shares, and 
indirectly through its controlling ownership of IMMOFINANZ, the Group's total shareholding amounts 
to 42.6 per cent. For more information, see "Description of Issuer – S IMMO".  
There can be no assurance that the Group will not experience issues such as capital constraints, delays 
relating to regulatory and contractual compliance obligations, operational difficulties at new or 
existing locations, difficulties in integrating new acquisitions into the Group's existing business and 
operations and managing the training of an increasing number of personnel to manage and operate the 
expanded business. If the Group is unable to successfully manage the impact of its growth on its 
operational and managerial resources and control systems, its reputation could suffer, which may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations. 
Risks related to IMMOFINANZ's performance and unforeseen liabilities following its acquisition  
On 3 December 2021, the Group announced the IMMOFINANZ Takeover. Upon the conclusion of the 
offer's initial acceptance period on 23 February 2022, the Group owned 54.8 per cent. of 
IMMOFINANZ shares. An additional acceptance period remains open until 28 May 2022. The Group 
expects to fully consolidate IMMOFINANZ in its consolidated financial statements as of 31 March 
2022. For more information, see "Description of the Issuer – IMMOFINANZ"," – Risks related to the 
integration of IMMOFINANZ's activities and the non-realisation of the expected synergises following 
the IMMOFINANZ Takeover", "Risks related to the triggering of change of control clauses following 
the IMMOFINANZ Takeover" and "Pro Forma Financial Information".  IMMOFINANZ's performance 
and operating indicators could deteriorate from the levels reached in 2021 or in previous years, 
particularly in the current context of continuing volatility due to the persistence of the Covid-19 
pandemic and political, economic, financial, legal and commercial factors, many of which are outside 
of the Issuer's or IMMOFINANZ's control. As a result, unanticipated operational difficulties and/or 
significant unanticipated liabilities of IMMOFINANZ may arise, which may have an adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition, prospects, and results of operations. Similarly, operating

--- Page 27 ---
15 
 
 
difficulties or other risks identified in due diligence prior to the takeover could ultimately prove to be 
insufficiently provisioned or be more significant than initially anticipated, or the Issuer may not be in a 
position to remedy such difficulties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, prospects, results of operations and reputation. 
Risks related to the integration of IMMOFINANZ’s activities and the non-realisation of the expected 
synergies following the IMMOFINANZ Takeover 
The IMMOFINANZ Takeover involves the integration of two significantly sized complex groups that 
are currently conducting a wide range of activities and operate independently. The expected benefits of 
the IMMOFINANZ Takeover will partly depend upon the successful integration of IMMOFINANZ's 
activities into the Issuer's business.  The companies could face significant difficulties when 
implementing an integration plan, some of which may have been unforeseeable or outside of the Issuer's 
control or the control of IMMOFINANZ, notably with respect to differences in norms, controls, 
procedures and rules, corporate culture, the history of technological investments and the organisation 
of the Issuer and IMMOFINANZ, and the need to integrate and harmonise the various operating systems 
and procedures that are specific to each group, such as financial and accounting systems and other IT 
systems. In that regard, the Issuer could have difficulties retaining some of its key employees or those 
of IMMOFINANZ. In connection with the integration process, the Issuer will have to resolve problems 
inherent to the management and integration of a large number of employees with different experience, 
backgrounds, compensation structures, and cultures, which could disrupt IMMOFINANZ's ability to 
manage its business as expected. 
In addition, the integration process may be long and complex and will require significant time and 
resources. Integration efforts may also lead to significant costs, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects, and results of operations. Any expected 
failure of the integration could also have an adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operations.  
Although the Issuer expects the IMMOFINANZ Takeover to create significant value through the 
synergies achieved in the medium and long term and significant cost synergies, there can be no 
assurance of the existence or achievement of the synergies within the expected time frames, as the 
achievement and extent of any synergies depend on a number of factors and assumptions, many of 
which are outside the Issuer's control or the control of IMMOFINANZ. In addition, costs incurred to 
achieve these synergies may be higher than expected or the Issuer may incur additional unexpected 
costs that may even exceed the value of the expected synergies. The failure to achieve expected 
synergies and/or an increase in the costs incurred in this regard could decrease the Issuer's return on its 
investment and diminish the IMMOFINANZ Takeover's value creation and, more generally, have a 
material adverse impact on the Issuer's activities, operating results, financial position, and prospects. 
Risks related to the triggering of change of control clauses following the IMMOFINANZ Takeover  
IMMOFINANZ is party to contracts (with partners in joint ventures or consortia and financing 
agreements), some of which include change of control clauses. Some of these clauses could be triggered 
by the IMMOFINANZ Takeover to the extent that control of IMMOFINANZ and certain of its 
subsidiaries will have been acquired by the Group. The triggering of these provisions could result in a 
loss of contractual rights and benefits, or could lead to the triggering of other provisions, such as call 
options and/or put options relating to shares held by IMMOFINANZ, or to the termination or 
renegotiation of agreements. As a result of the completion of the IMMOFINANZ Takeover, 
IMMOFINANZ could therefore lose the benefit of some of these contracts if the relevant counterparties 
were to terminate them or negotiate more onerous financial terms in order to grant their consent. This

--- Page 28 ---
16 
 
 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results 
of operations.  
The intended takeover of S IMMO may not complete 
If the intended takeover of all of S IMMO's outstanding shares by the Issuer (S IMMO Offer) (for 
more information, see "Description of the Issuer – S IMMO") does not complete for any reason, and in 
particular, if the annual general meeting of S IMMO fails to approve a resolution to abolish the 15 per 
cent. voting cap contained in S IMMO's articles of association, if the S IMMO Offer is prohibited or 
countered, or if conditions imposed by relevant competition and regulatory authorities are not satisfied, 
the Issuer's ongoing business could be materially and adversely affected and it would be exposed to a 
number of risks, including: 
 
having expended and continuing to expend significant time, resources, costs and expenses in 
connection with the S IMMO Offer; 
 
experiencing the effects of an adverse reaction from the financial markets, and in particular an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's share price, or S IMMO's share price in which the Issuer holds 
approximately a 42.6 per cent. shareholding prior to the S IMMO Offer, each of which may 
have increased in anticipation of the expected benefits of the S IMMO Offer completing; 
 
experiencing negative reactions from regulatory authorities and employees; and 
 
having dedicated significant time and resources to issues relating to the S IMMO Offer that 
could otherwise have been allocated to day-to-day transactions and other opportunities from 
which the Issuer could have benefited. 
 
If the S IMMO Offer does not complete, the occurrence of these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. In addition, legal 
claims may arise in connection with the S IMMO Offer, which could delay or prevent the completion 
of the S IMMO Offer, or could arise after the completion of the S IMMO Offer and in either case may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position, prospects and results of 
operations. 
The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information in this Base Prospectus may not be indicative of 
the results the Group would have achieved had it controlled IMMOFINANZ for the entire year ended 
31 December 2021 
The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Base Prospectus was prepared solely 
for illustrative purposes in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, principally in order to 
describe the IMMOFINANZ Takeover. The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information (as defined in 
Pro Forma Financial Information below) is based on assumptions and its usefulness is, therefore, 
inherently limited. In preparing the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information included in this Base 
Prospectus, the Group has made adjustments to both its and IMMOFINANZ’s historical financial 
information based on currently available information and on assumptions that the Group's management 
believes are reasonable in order to reflect, on a pro forma basis, the effect of the IMMOFINANZ 
Takeover. In addition, the Group has made changes to the classification of certain line items in its 
historical financial information in order to align with the presentation used in the next annual 
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS that it publishes, and to 
IMMOFINANZ’s historical financial statements in order to conform to the Group’s expected future 
financial statement presentation and alignment of IMMOFINANZ’s accounting policies to those of the 
Group. The estimates and assumptions used in the calculation of the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial 
Information included in this Base Prospectus may be materially different from IMMOFINANZ’s and 
the Group's actual results of operations. Accordingly, the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Statements 
presented herein should not be considered representative of the results that would have been obtained 
had the IMMOFINANZ Takeover actually taken place on the assumed dates for the periods presented.

--- Page 29 ---
17 
 
 
The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information presents a hypothetical situation and does not, 
therefore, show the Group or IMMOFINANZ’s actual or prospective financial performance. The 
Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information does not represent a forecast of future results and investors 
should not use it as such. Furthermore, the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information does not give 
effect to any other events than those described in the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information and 
the Notes thereto, nor does it reflect forward-looking data, as it was prepared to represent only the 
isolatable and objectively measurable effects of the IMMOFINANZ Takeover, without taking account 
of the potential effects of changes in management policy and operating decisions resulting from the 
IMMOFINANZ Takeover. Considering that the purposes of the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial 
Information are different from those of audited consolidated financial data, the two sets of data should 
be read and interpreted separately, without trying to connect them from an accounting perspective. For 
more information, see "Pro Forma Financial Information". 
The valuations performed on the Group's real estate portfolio represent the analysis and opinion of 
independent experts and may not be an accurate reflection of their present or future value 
The financial statements of the Group reflect property valuations performed by external valuation 
agents and are not guarantees of present or future value. One external valuation agent may reach a 
different conclusion to the conclusion that would be reached if a different external valuation agent were 
appraising the same property, and similarly the same external valuation agent may come to a different 
conclusion at different periods of time. This variation may be due to the use of different methodologies 
and assumptions. 
Any change to valuation methodology may result in gains or losses in the Group's consolidated income 
statement, based on the change to each property's valuation compared with prior valuations. There 
can be no assurance that any revaluation could be realised in a third-party sale. 
The valuations given to properties by any external appraiser and reflected in the Group's financial 
statements may exceed or be below the actual amount of net proceeds which would be realised on 
the relevant property at the time of any sale, and are subject to fluctuation over time. Such variations 
may be driven by factors outside the control of the Group. The net proceeds realised from any future 
disposal may vary from the related valuation and such variations may be material and the relevant 
Group member may not be able to realise the full property value reflected in any valuation report. This 
could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to repay the full principal of the Notes. 
The Group's consolidated income statement has been and may be significantly affected by changes 
in the fair market value of the properties 
The Group's investment properties are generally revalued annually in accordance with IAS 40 at their 
respective market value on the reporting dates. Since changes in the fair value of investment property 
are recognised in the Group's consolidated income statement for the period in which they arise, such 
non-cash valuation gains or losses can materially affect the Group's consolidated income statement and 
balance sheet, due to the resulting impact on retained earnings and equity. 
If the values of comparable commercial real estate properties decrease, the Group may experience 
revaluation losses in the future, and the value of its property portfolio could decrease. Such events could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of 
operations.  
Certain properties are subject to legacy restrictions incurred through historical receipt of public 
subsidies 
GSG Berlin (as defined below) is a part of the Group and owns and operates properties of the Group 
in Berlin. See "Description of the Issuer—Sectors—Office—The Group's German office portfolio".

--- Page 30 ---
18 
 
 
GSG Berlin was the beneficiary of subsidies granted pursuant to the German Act on the Joint Scheme 
for Improving Regional Economic Structures (Gesetz über die Gemeinschaftsaufgabe "Verbesserung 
der regionalen Wirtschaftsstruktur"), which are specified by Regional Development Strategic 
Frameworks (Rahmenplan) that apply for set periods of time. The properties to which these subsidies 
have been applied remain subject to certain conditions and restrictions, including on rent levels and 
tenant requirements.  
Compliance with these restrictions may limit the Group's ability to fully exploit those properties 
until the relevant expiration dates of such restrictions. Furthermore, there is some uncertainty as to the 
interpretation and period of application of these restrictions, and any breach by GSG Berlin of these 
obligations may lead to a full or partial revocation of the subsidies for the affected properties, which 
may lead to GSG Berlin being required to reimburse the relevant public authorities. There can be no 
assurance that any interpretations made now may not be subsequently challenged as a result of a change 
of interpretations or a change in the relevant agency.  
The Group may not be able to successfully recover operating, maintenance and capital 
expenditure costs from its tenants 
To maintain the properties and comply with applicable law, it is necessary to perform maintenance 
and/or repairs. Such measures can be time consuming and expensive, and risks can arise in the form 
of higher costs than anticipated or unforeseen additional expenses for maintenance, repair or 
modernisation that cannot be passed on to tenants. Moreover, work can be delayed, for example, 
because of bad weather, poor performance or insolvency of contractors or the discovery of unforeseen 
structural defects. In the ordinary course of events, the Group may fund such capital expenditure out 
of cash flow generated by the properties. If the necessary capital expenditure is not undertaken, this 
could lead to a decline in the value of the relevant properties, impacting their liquidation or refinancing 
value and hence the ability to generate sufficient disposal refinancing proceeds. Changes in 
government regulations may result in additional capital expenditure requirements to modernise or 
maintain the properties, such as refurbishment to comply with energy efficiency standards or health 
and safety requirements, which may not always be possible to charge to tenants. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to hotel properties 
As of 31 December 2021, 6 per cent. by value of the Group's properties are operated as hotels by 
the Group or by third parties. See "Description of Issuer—Sectors—Hospitality and Hotels". A number 
of factors may adversely affect the value and successful operation of a hotel property. Some of these 
factors include general economic conditions, the level of business and leisure travel in the local 
economy, the franchise affiliation of the hotel, the competition faced by the hotel and the desirability of 
the hotel's location. 
Adverse economic and social conditions, either local or national, may limit the amount that can be 
charged for a room and may result in a reduction of occupancy levels. The construction or development 
of competing hotels can have similar effects. To meet competition in the industry and to maintain 
economic values, continuing expenditure is required to modernise, refurbish and maintain existing 
facilities throughout their anticipated useful lives. As hotel rooms are generally rented for short periods 
of time, hotels tend to respond more quickly to adverse economic conditions and an operator of a hotel 
may have an impact on the hotel's quality of service and economic performance. The hotel industry is 
generally seasonal in nature and this seasonality can cause periodic fluctuations in a hotel property's 
room and other revenues, occupancy levels, room rates and operating expenses. The demand for 
particular accommodations may also be affected by changes in travel patterns and other factors. In 
addition, as seen in recent years, acts of terrorism, outbreaks of disease and other difficulties not 
directly related to an economic downturn can have an adverse impact on both leisure and business 
travel and, therefore, should be considered as a potential factor in evaluating the performance of a hotel 
property.   
Revenues generated by the Group's Hotel Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021 totalled EUR 
66.4 million, an increase of 51.9 per cent. from EUR 43.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020.  
In 2021, average occupancy across the Group's hotel portfolio was around 24 per cent. compared to 19

--- Page 31 ---
19 
 
 
per cent. in 2020. For the full year of 2021, net hotel income reverted to a positive figure of EUR 13.8 
million (versus negative EUR 3.1 million in 2020). However, uncertainty around the global Covid-19 
pandemic remains and may lead to continued volatility in the hotel market in the future. See "—The 
ongoing global Covid-19 pandemic has led to significant volatility in financial and other markets and 
may continue to negatively affect the Group's business and results of operations". 
Adverse changes in any of the factors described above could adversely affect income derived from the 
Group's hotel properties, which could in turn affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
in respect of the Notes.  
Risks related to the financial condition of the Group 
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's results 
The Group operates in a number of different countries and is therefore exposed to financial risks that 
arise from changes in exchange rates, primarily the Czech Koruna against the Euro. Exchange rate 
fluctuations could cause losses if assets denominated in currencies with a falling exchange rate lose 
value, while at the same time liabilities denominated in currencies with a rising exchange rate 
appreciate.  
The impact of foreign exchange is mostly non-cash related and arises whenever there is a mismatch 
between the currency in which a property is valued and the functional currency of the entity into which 
the property is consolidated. Appreciation of the Czech Koruna relative to the Euro could result in an 
unrealised foreign exchange loss on Euro-denominated assets, which would have an impact on the 
Group's profit and loss and balance sheet in terms of property carrying values. In addition to the non-
cash effects, the Group is exposed to foreign currencies (primarily Czech Koruna) through rental income 
and expenses.  
In 2021, 21 per cent. of the Group's gross rental income was received in Czech Koruna, 34 per cent. of 
the Group's property operating expenses and 34 per cent. of administrative expenses were also 
denominated in Czech Koruna. While the net remaining exposure to the Czech Koruna is limited due 
to a natural hedge, the Group is nevertheless exposed to fluctuation in rental income, property operating 
expenses and administrative expenses (in the functional reporting currency of Euro), should the Czech 
Koruna fluctuate versus the Euro. 
Furthermore, any change in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the Euro affects the Group's 
reported results of operations and assets and liabilities when the results are translated into Euro for 
reporting purposes. Unfavourable fluctuations in the values of the currencies in which financial 
statements of subsidiaries of the Issuer are prepared against the Euro could have a material negative 
impact on the Group's future consolidated financial statements. The exposure to exchange rate volatility 
could materially adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects in respect of the Notes.  
The Group has a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness and may not be able to successfully 
renew or refinance any such indebtedness as it matures, or may only be able to renew or refinance 
its indebtedness on less favourable terms 
The Group has a substantial amount of indebtedness and debt service obligations. As of 31 December 
2021, the Group's Total Debt was EUR 5,187 million (which includes bonds issued of EUR 3,735 
million and financial debts of EUR 1,452 million (including financial debts linked to assets held for 
sale of EUR 53.8 million)). The Group's business is subject to significant risks in relation to its ability 
to renew, extend or refinance loans and other obligations as they mature.

--- Page 32 ---
20 
 
 
The ability of the Issuer to repay its indebtedness, including its indebtedness under the Notes, will 
depend, among other things, upon it having sufficient available cash and/or upon its ability to find a 
lender willing to lend to it sufficient funds to enable repayment of its indebtedness. The availability of 
funds in the credit market fluctuates and it is possible that at the relevant time there will be a shortage 
of credit to redeem the Notes or other indebtedness. 
If the Issuer is unable to refinance its indebtedness, including the Notes, it may be forced, in 
unfavourable market conditions, into selling some or all of the properties in order to repay such 
indebtedness, and there can be no assurance that the assessed fair value of the properties would be 
realised under such circumstances. Failure by the Issuer to repay or refinance its indebtedness or by 
the Group to sell the properties (or any sale occurring at an unfavourable price) may result in the Issuer 
defaulting on the Notes and in its insolvency. 
The Group must observe financial ratios and covenants under the terms of its indebtedness 
All of the Group's major credit facilities and its outstanding CZK and EUR denominated notes contain 
restrictive covenants that require compliance with certain financial ratios and covenants. While the 
Group believes that the financial ratios and covenants contained in the Group's credit facilities allow 
sufficient flexibility for the Group to continue to conduct its business in the normal course and to meet 
its debt servicing obligations, the need to observe these financial ratios and covenants could nevertheless 
hinder the Group's ability to incur additional debt and grow its business.  
Any deterioration in the Group's operating performance, including as a result of any worsening of 
prevailing economic conditions, or any financial, business or other factors, many of which are beyond 
its control, may materially adversely affect its cash flow and hinder its ability to service its indebtedness 
and result in covenant breaches under the Group's credit facilities. While the Group is currently in 
compliance with all of its credit facilities, if, in the future, the Group does not generate sufficient cash 
flow from operations in order to meet its debt service obligations or if it breaches covenants which are 
not waived by its lenders, the Group may have to refinance or restructure its debt, reduce or delay its 
planned development activities or sell some of its properties in order to avoid default and acceleration 
of its debt by lenders. Waivers by the Group's lenders may trigger higher interest rates or waiver fees. 
Some of the ratios and financial covenants in the Group's borrowings are calculated on the basis of the 
fair value of its properties. Therefore, fluctuations in the fair value of the Group's properties could have 
an adverse impact on its compliance with relevant financial ratios and covenants. The Group cannot 
guarantee that any refinancing or additional financing would be available at all or on acceptable terms 
in such a situation. If the Group defaults under one or more of its credit facilities and its lenders 
accelerate the debt, the Group may forfeit the property securing the indebtedness and its income may 
be substantially reduced. Any failure to meet its debt service obligations, to obtain waivers of covenant 
breaches or to refinance its debt on commercially acceptable terms in such a situation could lead to 
serious consequences for the Group, including the sale of properties to repay lenders and substantial 
retrenchment of its business. 
A significant part of the Group's indebtedness is secured 
As of 31 December 2021, 27 per cent. of the Group's indebtedness (including bonds issued and financial 
debts) was secured by pledges over property in its portfolio.  Since the Notes are unsecured, the Notes 
are structurally and effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral to all the Group's 
secured creditors. While the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contain a negative pledge 
restriction, the negative pledge covenant contains certain carve-outs. In the event of any foreclosure, 
dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganisation, administration or other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding of the Issuer or the Group that has secured obligations, holders of secured indebtedness will 
have prior claims to the Group's assets that constitute the collateral for such secured indebtedness. In 
such a scenario, holders of the Notes may receive less, rateably, than the holders of secured indebtedness 
and they may lose some or all of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
21 
 
 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
Governments in jurisdictions in which the Group operates might introduce changes in laws 
(including laws governing rent collection, debt collection and insolvency) in response to the recent 
global Covid-19 pandemic   
In light of the expected payment difficulties of companies and private individuals as a result of the 
Covid-19 pandemic, a number of jurisdictions in which the Group operates (such as Germany, the Czech 
Republic and Poland) have enacted legislative amendments meaning that landlords can no longer 
terminate rental agreements under certain circumstances. Income from, and the market value of, the 
Group's portfolio would be adversely affected if, as a result of governmental measures, rental payments 
could not be collected.  
It cannot be excluded that the additional measures may be adopted which could further limit 
landlord’s rights vis-à-vis their tenants, including amendments to insolvency laws. The Group is 
exposed to risks relating to planning and environmental regulation, and municipal pre-emption 
rights 
The properties are subject to restrictions under applicable planning, building, monument protection, 
environment and other laws and regulations, and may be subject to statutory encumbrances, competing 
claims, pre-emption rights and other limitations, which may impact their value and/or the relevant 
Group member's ability to use and dispose of them as it would otherwise see fit. 
As a result of the above or other restrictions, the Group may incur expenses and be prevented from 
charging market rents or from upgrading the affected properties in a way that would otherwise make 
such properties more attractive to tenants and allow the Group to increase its overall occupancy and/or 
rent levels. Further, non-compliance with such restrictions may have consequences ranging from fines, 
administrative and penal sanctions to prohibition of use or demolition orders. 
Certain of the properties were historically industrial buildings, and the aftermath of their former uses 
may continue to constrain their current use due to the demands of applicable environmental laws. 
Further, it is possible that some properties contain ground contamination, hazardous materials, other 
residual pollution and/or wartime relics (potentially including unexploded ordnance). The discovery of 
such residual pollution, particularly in connection with the lease or sale of properties, can also trigger 
claims for rent reductions, termination of leases, damages and other breach of warranty claims, and its 
remediation and related additional measures could involve considerable additional costs. It may no 
longer be possible to take recourse against the polluter or the previous owners of the properties. 
Moreover, the existence or even merely the suspicion of the existence of wartime ordnance, hazardous 
materials, residual pollution or ground contamination can negatively affect the value of a property and 
the ability to lease or sell such a property. 
In addition, several of the properties may be in technical violation of easement or encroachment 
requirements, and the Group could as a result be required to pay compensation to the relevant 
authorities. 
Legal regimes in the CEE region differ from those in Western Europe 
The legal systems of most of the countries in the CEE region have undergone dramatic changes in recent 
years. 
In many cases, the interpretation and procedural safeguards of the new legal and regulatory systems are 
still being developed, which may result in the promulgation of new laws, changes in existing laws, 
inconsistent application of existing laws and regulations and uncertainty as to the application and effect 
of new laws and regulations. 
Additionally, in some circumstances, it may not be possible to obtain the legal remedies provided for 
under relevant laws and regulations in a reasonably timely manner or at all. A lack of legal certainty or 
the inability to obtain effective legal remedies in a reasonably timely manner may have a material

--- Page 34 ---
22 
 
 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group's contractual rights under its leases may be limited by law 
The Group may be subject to statutory restrictions on its right to modify or terminate lease agreements 
(particularly in respect of residential leases). This may restrict the Group's ability to let its properties at 
market rent levels or to manage its tenant base as it sees fit, thereby adversely affecting the Group's 
business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
DAC 6 
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council adopted a directive (2018/822 amending Directive 2011/16/EU as 
regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation) that imposes a reporting 
obligation on parties involved in transactions that may be associated with aggressive tax planning (DAC 
6). 
More specifically, the reporting obligation will apply to cross-border arrangements that, among others, 
satisfy one or more "hallmarks" provided for in DAC 6 (the Reportable Arrangements). 
In the case of a Reportable Arrangement, the information that must be reported includes the name of all 
relevant taxpayers and intermediaries as well as an outline of the Reportable Arrangement, the value of 
the Reportable Arrangement and identification of any Member States likely to be concerned by the 
Reportable Arrangement. 
The reporting obligation in principle rests with persons that design, market or organise the Reportable 
Arrangement and professional advisors (intermediaries). However, in certain cases, the taxpayer itself 
can be subject to the reporting obligation. 
The information reported will be automatically exchanged between the tax authorities of all Member 
States. 
DAC 6 has been implemented into Luxembourg law on 25 March 2020 (the DAC 6 Law). Non-exempt 
intermediaries or, if there are no such intermediaries, the taxpayer itself shall report cross-border 
reportable arrangements within 30 days beginning (i) on the day after the reportable cross-border 
arrangement is made available for implementation, (ii) on the day after the cross-reportable arrangement 
is ready for implementation or (iii) when the first step in the implementation of the reportable cross-
border arrangement has been made; whichever occurs first.  
In light of the broad scope of DAC 6, transactions carried out by the Issuer may fall within the scope 
of DAC 6 and thus be reportable. 
Operational Risks 
The members of the Group may be exposed to the credit risk of their tenants and the risks of the 
industries in which they operate 
The Group may be exposed to the credit risk of its tenants. There can be no assurance that a tenant will 
remain solvent and able to perform its obligations throughout the term of its lease. 
Income from, and the market value of, the properties would be adversely affected if material numbers 
of tenants were unable to meet their lease obligations, were to become insolvent, or if, for any 
other reason, rental payments could not be collected. 
An economic decline in the businesses operated by tenants can affect a building, including the 
properties, and cause one or more significant tenants to cease operations and/or become insolvent. 
Further, the Group faces certain fixed costs which it is obligated to pay regardless of whether or not it 
receives payments from tenants to fund such expenses. See "— The ongoing global Covid-19 pandemic 
has led to significant volatility in financial and other markets and may continue to negatively affect the 
Group's business and results of operations". 
The risk of litigation is inherent in the Group's operations 
Legal actions, claims against the Group and arbitrations involving the Group may arise in the ordinary

--- Page 35 ---
23 
 
 
course of business. The Group may be involved from time to time in disputes with various parties 
involved in the development and lease of its properties such as contractors, sub-contractors, suppliers, 
construction companies, purchasers and tenants. See "Description of the Issuer – Litigation". 
These disputes may lead to legal or other proceedings, and may cause the Group to incur additional 
costs and delays in its development schedule, and the diversion of resources and management's 
attention, regardless of the outcome. The Group is also unable to predict with certainty the cost of 
prosecution, the cost of defence or the ultimate outcome of litigation and other proceedings filed by or 
against it, including remedies and damage awards. 
The potential publicity associated with, and the outcome of, such claims, arbitrations and legal 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to the safety of consumers and tenants in shopping centres and 
other properties, including acts of terrorism and violence 
The Group promotes the security and safety of consumers and tenants in its properties. However, due 
to high visibility and the presence of large numbers of people, the Group's properties may be targets for 
terrorism and other forms of violence. Any terror or violent attack on a property of the Group or a 
similar property owned by someone else may harm the condition of its tenants and may, apart from any 
direct losses, directly or indirectly affect the value of its properties and its development land. Moreover, 
any of these events could lower consumer confidence and spending in the Group's retail centres or 
increase volatility and uncertainty in the worldwide financial markets and economy, particularly in the 
event that there are further terrorist attacks across the globe following the recent attacks in a number of 
European cities. Adverse economic conditions resulting from these types of events could reduce 
demand for space in the Group's properties and thereby reduce the value of these properties and rental 
income and as a result may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operations. 
The Group depends on its asset and property managers and other key personnel 
The Group's properties require continual, active management. The Group's ability to generate revenue 
and profits, and therefore the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes, depends on the 
performance of its asset and property managers and certain key personnel. Were such asset or property 
managers or key personnel to depart, the Group may not be able to find effective replacements in a 
timely manner, or at all. The loss of these individuals, or of any senior member of management, or any 
delay in replacing a departed member of management, may result in the loss of industry and property 
specific knowledge as well as relationships with lenders, potential tenants and industry personnel. 
The Group is dependent on co-operative relations with its employees 
Any sustained labour dispute affecting the Issuer, or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries which 
employ property and asset management teams, could lead to a substantial interruption of the business 
of the Group and could have a material effect on their operating results or financial condition and the 
ability of the Issuer to make payments on the Notes. Furthermore, the Group's employees are critical to 
the successful implementations of its business strategy. If the Group fails to retain and attract necessary 
and effective employees to fill management and technical roles and at economically reasonable 
compensation levels, this could have a material effect on its operations which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Interruption or failure of the Group's information technology systems could damage its reputation 
and business 
The Group is dependent on the proper functioning of its information systems and processes. The 
Group's systems and the systems on which it relies are vulnerable to damage or interruption from 
various factors, including but not limited to power loss, telecommunication failures, data corruption,

--- Page 36 ---
24 
 
 
network failure, computer viruses, security breaches, natural disasters, theft, vandalism or other 
acts. A disaster or disruption in the infrastructure that supports the Group's businesses could have a 
material adverse effect on its ability to continue to operate the Group's business without interruption. 
The Group is also reliant on the general and timely functioning of banking systems and associated 
technology in order to receive and make payments. Any cessation of the ordinary functioning of the 
banking system or any interruption of payment systems may impact the ability to collect rents from 
tenants and could prejudice the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Increasing use of online retail providers may have an adverse effect on shopping centre sales and 
decrease demand for commercial retail premises 
The retail industry is undergoing a transformation as e-commerce grows and consumers become 
increasingly comfortable with Internet and mobile shopping. Shopping centres will need to adapt their 
services and tenant offerings to meet changing consumer behaviour and demand to continue to attract 
customers in the future. A significant increase in Internet shopping could decrease shopping centre 
sales, demand for commercial retail premises and the value of properties, which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
The members of the Group may sustain losses from risks not covered by, or exceeding the coverage 
limits of, its insurance policies 
The Group maintains insurance policies (including with respect to the properties) which it considers 
appropriate to the nature of its business. 
However, there are certain types of losses (such as losses resulting from war, terrorism, nuclear 
radiation, radioactive contamination, ground heaving or settlement) which are or may be or become 
either uninsurable or not insurable at economically viable rates, or which are not covered by the 
Group's insurance policies for other reasons. The Issuer's ability to make payments on the Notes might 
be adversely affected if such an uninsured loss were to occur or the relevant insurer became insolvent 
or otherwise unable to satisfy any claim, and the Group was not able to shift the cost burden to the tenant 
or another third party. 
No assurance can be given that material losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the 
future. Any such uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
Unexpected problems and unrecognised risks could arise in the Group's future conversion or 
development projects 
The Group is engaged in development projects and may undertake further development or conversion 
projects in the future. The real estate construction and development business is subject to certain 
risks arising from the complexity of the projects, including higher than expected costs, breaches of 
labour laws, delays in completion, the application of regulations, health and safety or environmental 
constraints, the multiplicity of participants and the need to obtain permits. These risks could result in 
the abandonment of projects after significant feasibility study costs and management attention have 
been expended. 
The Group's controlling shareholder's interest may differ from the interests of Noteholders 
The Group is directly or indirectly controlled by Mr Radovan Vítek, who, through his associated 
entities, controlled 88.77 per cent. of the Issuer's shares and 89.44 per cent. of voting rights as of 31 
December 2021. See "Description of the Issuer—Major Shareholders". In his position, Mr Vítek has 
the power to influence the outcome of most material matters that require votes of the majority of board 
members and, subject to contractual and legal restrictions, the distribution of dividends. Mr Vítek can 
exercise influence over the Group's legal and capital structure, day-to-day operations and business 
strategies, and his interests may in some cases differ from those of the Issuer or of Noteholders.

--- Page 37 ---
25 
 
 
The Issuer is a holding company with no revenue generating operations of its own 
Since the Issuer is the holding and service company of its subsidiaries, it is reliant on revenue 
generation through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, while the other members of the Group depend on 
the Issuer to perform management and administration services, the ability of the Issuer to fund any 
payments that it might be required to make in respect of the Notes or its on-going operations is 
dependent on receipt by it of distributions from its subsidiaries, and it is therefore dependent on the 
continued operation and solvency of its subsidiaries. 
The Group's agricultural business is exposed to the risk of adverse weather, commodity prices or 
disease 
The Group has investments in farmland and agricultural production, which are primarily focussed 
on high-quality and vertically integrated production of beef, lamb and chicken. The Group’s agricultural 
business however, is small and only represented 0.9 per cent. of the Group’s portfolio as at 31 December 
2021.  
The Group's agricultural business operates in a highly competitive environment. In addition to the risk 
of over-supply and competition from both domestic and imported products, the Group is exposed to 
volatility in commodity prices, which may affect both the prices it is able to achieve for its products, 
and the cost of its inputs such as stock feed and fertiliser, as well as the risk of adverse weather, disease 
and the imposition of quarantine, import or export restrictions. Such factors may adversely affect the 
Group's return from its agricultural investments and therefore on its business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operation. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may 
be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer elects to redeem Notes at the Make-whole Amount, such redemption may be subject to 
conditions precedent specified in the relevant notice of redemption which may not be satisfied (or 
waived) and such redemption may be delayed or may not occur, which may affect the market value 
of the Notes concerned  
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and the Optional

--- Page 38 ---
26 
 
 
Redemption Amount is the Make-whole Amount, the Issuer has the discretion to specify, in the relevant 
notice of redemption, that such redemption may be subject to one or more conditions precedent. Such 
notice of redemption shall also state that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may 
be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed.  
During any period following such notice of redemption, there may be uncertainty as to whether any 
conditions precedent to redemption will be satisfied (or waived) by the Optional Redemption Date, or 
by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed, which could affect the market value of an investment in 
the relevant Notes. 
If the Senior Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Senior Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates 
than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally  
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised 
without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions and the Trust Deed of the Senior Notes also provide that the Trustee may, 
without the consent of Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree 
to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of

--- Page 39 ---
27 
 
 
the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of 
Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 16 (Reorganisation and Substitution) of the Senior Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions and the Trust Deed of the Subordinated Notes also provide that the Trustee 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of 
any other provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement which is in each case, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any 
other modification to (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of, any 
breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of, any of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
or of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders (which will not include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any provision entitling the Noteholders to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the 
Issuer which is more extensive than those set out in Condition 11 (Enforcement Event) of the 
Subordinated Notes), (iii) the substitution on a subordinated basis equivalent to that referred to in 
Conditions 3 (Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated Notes of certain other entities in place of 
the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as a new principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the 
Subordinated Notes or (iv) substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes (as defined in Condition 7 (Substitution or Variation) of the Subordinated Notes, 
or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the case may 
be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes at any time following the occurrence of an Accounting Event, a 
Capital Event, a Tax Deduction Event (subject to any such event being specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or a Withholding Tax Event and subject to the receipt by the Trustee of the 
certiﬁcate of two Authorised Signatories (as defined in Condition 23 (Definitions) of the Subordinated 
Notes) of the Issuer referred to in Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of 
Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation) of the Subordinated Notes. Whilst Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes are required to have terms which are not materially less favourable to Noteholders 
(as a class) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, there can be no assurance that the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes will not have a significant adverse impact on the price of, and/or market for, the 
Subordinated Notes or the circumstances of individual Noteholders. 
The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to Noteholders as insolvency laws of 
jurisdictions with which you may be familiar and may preclude holders of the Notes from recovering 
payments due on the Notes  
The Issuer is incorporated and has its "centre of main interests" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings 
(the EU Insolvency Regulation) in Luxembourg. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with respect 
to the Issuer under the EU Insolvency Regulation would proceed under, and be governed by, 
Luxembourg insolvency laws. The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to 
investors' interests as those of other jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar and may limit 
the ability of Noteholders to enforce the terms of the Notes. Insolvency proceedings may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business and assets and its obligations under the Notes as Issuer.  
Enforcement of English court judgments in Luxembourg will be subject to more formalities 
following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU  
Following the end of the transition period under the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union on 31 December 2020,

--- Page 40 ---
28 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 1215/2012 of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters (Brussels I Recast) no longer applies to UK or English 
court judgments, meaning that a final civil or commercial judgment rendered against the Issuer in the 
English courts can no longer be recognised or enforced in EU courts (including in Luxembourg courts) 
under Brussels I Recast.   
Instead, enforcement in Luxembourg of a final civil or commercial judgment rendered in the English 
courts would be subject to either (i) the applicable enforcement proceedings provided for in the Hague 
Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the Convention), where the Convention 
applies or (ii) where the Convention does not apply, the applicable Luxembourg ordinary rules on 
enforcement (exequatur) of foreign judgments as laid down in Article 678 of the Luxembourg nouveau 
Code de procedure civile. 
The Convention only applies in circumstances where the relevant contractual agreement provides for 
an exclusive choice of court agreement, being a "two-way" exclusive jurisdiction clause. As the Trust 
Deed and the Notes do not provide for such two-way exclusive jurisdiction clauses, the Convention will 
not apply and a final civil or commercial judgment obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer 
will be enforceable in Luxembourg subject to the Luxembourg ordinary rules on enforcement 
(exequatur) referred to above. Those rules will require the completion of potentially more burdensome 
proceedings compared to the situation prior to the end of the Brexit transition period referred to above; 
however, the Luxembourg courts will not review the merits of the English judgment, even although 
there is no statutory prohibition of such review. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law, Luxembourg law or 
administrative practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law and, in respect of Condition 3 
(Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated Notes only, Luxembourg law, in effect as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English law, Luxembourg law or English or Luxembourg administrative practice after the 
date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any 
Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid

--- Page 41 ---
29 
 
 
and difficult to trade. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" including the euro interbank offered 
rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the 
past, and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may (without 
limitation) have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and

--- Page 42 ---
30 
 
 
return on any Notes linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
"benchmark". 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original 
Reference Rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Agent Bank, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as applicable, are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate 
interest on any Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate, as applicable, could be set by reference 
to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), 
with the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined 
by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). The 
applicable adjustment spread could be positive, negative or zero and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference 
Rate. However, the applicable adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to investors. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate with the application of an 
adjustment spread will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest or Subsequent Reset 
Rate) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Advisor or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or, in either case, applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined, in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes, the ultimate fallback for 
the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest in for a particular Interest Period may result in the 
Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Subsequent Reset Rate for a particular Reset 
Period may result in the Subsequent Reset Rate for the last preceding Reset Period being used. This 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Senior Notes based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
application of the previous Subsequent Reset Rate for the last preceding Reset Period or, in the case of 
the first Reset Determination Date, this may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Subordinated Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Reference Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory 
developments there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of 
the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's

--- Page 43 ---
31 
 
 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and/or activities 
that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (either in those words or otherwise) 
(Green Projects). Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final 
Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, any other member of the 
Group, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers or any other member of their group that the use of such proceeds 
for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Project).  
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a "green bond", 
"sustainable", "environmental" or market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a 
particular asset or project to be defined as ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’, nor can any assurance be given that 
if such a clear definition or consensus is developed in the future, any Notes issued as Green Bonds will 
comply with such definition or consensus. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. No assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any Green Projects will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or 
otherwise meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’, ‘sustainable’ or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion 
or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or

--- Page 44 ---
32 
 
 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Projects 
in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that 
the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable 
of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Green Projects. Nor 
can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default 
under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that 
the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose.  
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Green Bond Framework (as further described in 
"Use of Proceeds", below) for further information. 
Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics 
The Issuer may issue Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under the Programme with the interest rate 
relating to such Notes being subject to an upward adjustment being payable if the Issuer does not 
achieve the relevant Sustainability Performance Target (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes). Any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme may not satisfy an investor's requirements or any future legal, quasi-legal or other standards 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics. In particular, any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme may not be marketed as "social bonds" or "sustainability 
bonds" as the net proceeds of the issue of such Notes may be used for the Issuer's general corporate 
purposes, including acquisitions and property developments, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms. In addition, any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme may not be marketed as "green bonds" unless the net proceeds of the issue of such Notes 
will be used for Green Projects. The Issuer does not commit to (i) allocate the net proceeds of any 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the Programme specifically to projects or business 
activities meeting sustainability criteria or (ii) be subject to any other limitations or requirements that 
may be associated with green bonds, social bonds or sustainability bonds in any particular market in 
connection with the issuance of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 45 ---
33 
 
 
In addition, any interest rate adjustment in respect of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes as 
contemplated by the terms and conditions of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes will depend on the 
Issuer achieving, or not achieving, the relevant Sustainability Performance Target, which may be 
inconsistent with or insufficient to satisfy investor requirements or expectations. Prospective investors 
in any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the Programme should have regard to the 
information set out herein and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes, together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. 
The Issuer's Sustainability Performance Target relating to any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes 
issued under the Programme will be aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions intensity. The Group's 
Sustainability Performance Target would therefore be uniquely tailored to the Group's business, 
operations and capabilities, and it does not easily lend itself to benchmarking against similar 
sustainability performance targets, and the related performance, of other issuers. No assurance is or can 
be given to investors by the Issuer, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee, any second party 
opinion (SPO) providers or any External Verifier (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes) that any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such Notes or any Sustainability 
Performance Target of the Group qualifying as "sustainable" or "sustainability-linked" or that any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur in connection with the Issuer striving 
to achieve any Sustainability Performance Target or the use of the net proceeds from the offering of 
any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the Programme. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework (as defined 
and further described in the section of the Base Prospectus entitled "Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework" below) for further information. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee, 
any SPO providers or any External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report, certification or validation of any third party in connection with 
the offering of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes or any Sustainability Performance Targets to 
fulfil any sustainable, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or 
certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus 
The Issuer will, in connection with an issuance of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under the 
Programme, obtain a SPO or other similar opinion, certification and validation, and undergo external 
third-party verification. SPO providers and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations 
are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or 
certification would not be, nor should it be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Joint 
Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee, any SPO providers, any External Verifier or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes. Noteholders would have no recourse against 
the Issuer, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the Trustee or any provider of any such opinion or 
certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only current as at the date it 
is initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion, certification or validation and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion, certification or validation for the purpose of any investment in any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification, or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters on which such opinion, certification or validation is opining or certifying, may have a material

--- Page 46 ---
34 
 
 
adverse effect on the value of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the Programme 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
Although in connection with the issuance of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under the 
Programme the Issuer may intend to reduce the Group's greenhouse gas emissions intensity, there can 
be no assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so, that it will not decide to 
discontinue the relevant Sustainability Performance Target or that any future investments it makes in 
pursuit of such Sustainability Performance Target will meet investor expectations or any binding or 
non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact. Notwithstanding the fact that any failure to meet the relevant Sustainability Performance Target 
will give rise to an upward adjustment of the rate of interest relating to the relevant Sustainability-
Linked Senior Notes as described in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) of the Senior 
Notes, such failure will not be an Event of Default under such Notes nor will the Issuer be required to 
repurchase or redeem any such Notes in such circumstances. Furthermore, any breach or default by the 
Issuer in the performance of any of its ancillary obligations in connection with the issue of any 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, howsoever arising, shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
such Notes nor will the Issuer be required to repurchase or redeem any such Notes in such 
circumstances. The Issuer's efforts in achieving any Sustainability Performance Target may further 
become controversial or be criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Achieving any Sustainability Performance Target or any similar sustainability performance targets 
will require the Issuer to expend significant resources, while not meeting any such targets would 
result in increased interest payments and could expose the Issuer to reputational risks 
Achieving the relevant Sustainability Performance Target in relation to any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme would require the Group to reduce its greenhouse gas 
emissions intensity to at or below a specified amount (in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
emissions per square metre) by a specified date. As a result, achieving the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target or any similar sustainability performance targets the Issuer may choose to include 
in future financings or other arrangements will require the Group to expend significant resources. 
In addition, the Issuer not achieving its relevant Sustainability Performance Target or any such similar 
sustainability performance targets the Issuer may choose to include in any future financings would not 
only result in increased interest payments under the relevant Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes or other 
relevant financing arrangements, but could also harm the Issuer's reputation, the consequences of which 
could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
prospects and results of operations. 
The Sustainability Performance Target in relation to any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes may 
change during the life of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes 
Under the terms and conditions of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, the Sustainability 
Performance Target specified in the applicable Final Terms may be adjusted in good faith by the Issuer 
in line with its GHG Recalculation Policy (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Event) of the Senior Notes and as further described under "Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework").

--- Page 47 ---
35 
 
 
According to the GHG Recalculation Policy, the Group will adjust the base year greenhouse gas 
emissions inventory and/or one or more of the greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets (including 
the Sustainability Performance Target specified in the applicable Final Terms) to account for significant 
changes that cause an increase or decrease in Gross Leasable Area (as defined in Condition 5.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes) of greater than 5 per cent. This may include 
reflecting any significant changes to the Group's structure (e.g. acquisitions, divestitures, mergers) or 
methodological changes. Any recalculation of such Sustainability Performance Target may increase the 
amount of carbon dioxide emissions, and, therefore, increase the total volume of carbon dioxide 
emissions that may be produced by the Issuer. Any recalculation of the Sustainability Performance 
Target may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy the Sustainability 
Performance Target, which could in turn adversely affect the market price of any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes. 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes generally 
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities 
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed 
redemption date by which the Issuer would be under the obligation to redeem or repurchase the Undated 
Subordinated Notes at any time, and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of the Undated 
Subordinated Notes. See Condition 6 (Redemption) of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective 
investors should be aware that they may be required to bear financial risks of an investment in the 
Undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period of time and may not recover their investment in 
the foreseeable future. 
The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the 
occurrence of certain events 
The Subordinated Notes will be redeemable, at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, on any 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest 
up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest (as defined in 
Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes). 
In addition, upon the occurrence of an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Change of Control Event, 
a Tax Deduction Event, a Substantial Repurchase Event (subject to any such event being specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or a Withholding Tax Event (each as defined in Condition 23 
(Definitions) of the Subordinated Notes and as more fully described in Condition 6 (Redemption) of 
the Subordinated Notes), the Issuer shall have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the 
Subordinated Notes at the prices set out therein, in each case together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. In the case 
of the first Change of Control Event, in the event that the Issuer does not elect to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes, the then prevailing Rate of Interest (as defined in Condition 23 (Definitions) of the 
Subordinated Notes), and each subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise determined in accordance with 
Condition 4 (Interest) of the Subordinated Notes, shall be increased by an additional 5 percentage points 
per annum with effect from (and including) the Change of Control Step Up Date (as defined in 
Condition 23 (Definitions) of the Subordinated Notes). 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value of the 
Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than

--- Page 48 ---
36 
 
 
the interest payable on them. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest payable on the Subordinated 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
There is no redemption at the option of the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes. 
There is a risk that Undated Subordinated Notes are treated as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg 
tax purposes  
Luxembourg tax law generally follows Luxembourg civil (or commercial) law and Luxembourg GAAP 
when determining the nature of an instrument. Instruments such as the Undated Subordinated Notes 
that are considered as debt for Luxembourg legal and Luxembourg GAAP purposes are thus, as a 
general rule, also considered as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes. Accordingly, payments of interest 
made on such instruments should (i) be deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax and (ii) not 
be subject to Luxembourg withholding tax; furthermore, the principal amount of such instruments 
should be deductible for Luxembourg net wealth tax purposes.  
Nevertheless, in certain circumstances and on the basis of legal and factual elements, it might be the 
case that the economic substance differs from the legal documentation, in which case, the tax analysis 
of the equity or debt qualification of a financial instrument must follow the "economic substance over 
legal form" approach. In accordance with this economic approach, or "wirtschaftliche 
Betrachtungsweise", any analysis of the equity or debt qualification of an instrument must cover 
different features, no single element being decisive.  
Hence, there is a risk that the Undated Subordinated Notes could be treated as equity of the Issuer for 
Luxembourg tax purposes and accordingly, there is a risk that payments of interest under the Undated 
Subordinated Notes will (i) not be deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax purposes and 
(ii) subject to Luxembourg dividend withholding tax; there is an additional risk that (iii) the principal 
amount of such Undated Subordinated Notes will no longer be deductible for Luxembourg net wealth 
tax purposes.  
The Issuer may on a series by series basis decide to request a ruling from the Luxembourg tax authorities 
as to the classification of Undated Subordinated Notes for Luxembourg tax purposes.  
In the event that the Undated Subordinated Notes are treated as equity from the Issue Date, payments 
of interest will not be deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax and the Issuer will be obliged 
to pay Additional Amounts in accordance with Condition 12 (Taxation) of the Subordinated Notes 
subject, in each case, to such Undated Subordinated Notes being reclassified as debt, in which case see 
"—The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the 
occurrence of certain events". For so long as any Undated Subordinated Notes are classified as equity, 
the Issuer's cost of funding could increase, which could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments of interest and/or principal on the Undated Subordinated Notes. 
The current IFRS accounting classification of financial instruments such as the Notes as equity 
instruments may change, which may result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event  
In June 2018, the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on "Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" (the DP/2018/1 Paper) and public 
meetings were held on 23 October 2019, 16 December 2020 and 16 February 2021 to discuss the 
proposals contained therein. During the 16 December 2020 meeting, the IASB decided to add the 
"Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" project to its standard-setting programme and to 
continue using the expertise of advisory bodies instead of establishing a dedicated consultative group

--- Page 49 ---
37 
 
 
for the project. During the 16 February 2021 meeting, (i) the IASB discussed potential refinements to 
disclosure proposals explored in the DP/2018/1 Paper – namely, proposals for information about 
priority on liquidation, potential dilution, and terms and conditions, but was not asked to make any 
decisions but directed the staff to further consider the objectives of the proposed disclosures and their 
scope and (ii) the IASB also discussed challenges in accounting for financial instruments with 
obligations that arise only on liquidation of an entity and also discussed potential classification, 
presentation and disclosure requirements to address those challenges and tentatively decided not to 
change how such instruments should be classified; but instead to develop presentation and disclosure 
requirements in relation to them. While the final timing and outcome are uncertain, if the proposals set 
out in the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented in their current form, the IFRS accounting classification 
of financial instruments such as the Subordinated Notes as equity instruments may change and this may 
result in the occurrence of an Accounting Event. In such an event, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6.5 (Redemption upon 
an Accounting Event) or substitute or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes as described in 
Condition 7 (Substitution or Variation). 
The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such 
proposals that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, 
if at all, is uncertain. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the 
Subordinated Notes from an accounting perspective or whether any such change may result in the 
occurrence of an Accounting Event. 
For further description of risks related to early redemption or to substitution or variation of the 
Subordinated Notes see also "—The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors and confer significant discretion on the Trustee which 
may be exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests 
of particular Noteholders" and "—The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by 
the Issuer including upon the occurrence of certain events". 
The interest rate on the Subordinated Notes will reset on the First Reset Date and on every Reset 
Date thereafter, which can be expected to affect the interest payment on the Subordinated Notes and 
the market value of the Subordinated Notes 
Although the Subordinated Notes will earn interest at a fixed rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date, the current market interest rate on the capital markets (the market interest rate) typically changes 
on a daily basis. Since the initial fixed rate of interest for the Subordinated Notes will be reset on the 
First Reset Date (as defined under Condition 4.3 (First Fixed Interest Rate) of the Subordinated Notes), 
and on each subsequent Reset Date (as defined in Condition 23 (Definitions) of the Subordinated 
Notes), the interest payment on the Subordinated Notes will also change. The Noteholders should be 
aware that movements in these market interest rates can adversely affect the price of the Subordinated 
Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Subordinated Notes. 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income as 
the reset rates could affect the market value of an investment in the Subordinated Notes. Fluctuations 
in interest rates could therefore affect the levels of capital gains or losses on the Subordinated Notes 
and make it impossible to determine the yield of such securities in advance. During periods of rising 
interest rates, the prices of ﬁxed rate securities, such as the Subordinated Notes, tend to fall and gains 
are reduced or losses incurred upon their sale. Therefore, investment in the Subordinated Notes involves 
the risk that changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
38 
 
 
The Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer any payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes, 
in whole but not in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. See 
Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral) of the Subordinated Notes. Only upon the occurrence of a 
Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event (as defined in Condition 23 (Definitions) of the 
Subordinated Notes), in the event of a redemption of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 6 
(Redemption) of the Subordinated Notes or in the event of a winding up of the Issuer in a manner falling 
within Condition 11 (Enforcement Event) of the Subordinated Notes will the Issuer be obliged to pay 
any such Arrears of Interest to Noteholders. 
Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in 
Condition 11 (Enforcement Event) of the Subordinated Notes) or a default for any purpose unless such 
payment is required in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest) of 
the Subordinated Notes.  
Any deferral of interest payments, or perceived increased likelihood of deferral of interest payments, is 
likely to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result 
of the interest deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated Notes 
may be more volatile than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or 
interest accrues that are not subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse 
changes in the Issuer's financial condition. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated. In the event 
of: 
a) an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer 
(except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganisation, 
restructuring, reconstruction, merger, conversion, amalgamation or the substitution in place 
of the Issuer of a Substituted Obligor (as defined in Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer)) 
of the Issuer, (x) the terms of which reorganisation, restructuring, reconstruction, merger, 
conversion or amalgamation have previously been approved in writing by the Trustee or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) and do not provide that the 
Subordinated Notes shall thereby become redeemable or repayable in accordance with the 
Subordinated Conditions or (y) which substitution is effected in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer) and Clause 21 (Substitution) of the 
Trust Deed); 
b) an administrator or receiver of the Issuer being appointed and such administrator or receiver 
giving notice that it intends to declare and distribute a dividend or distribution; or 
c) any analogous event relating to the Issuer to those described in (a) and (b) above under any 
insolvency, bankruptcy or similar law applicable to the Issuer, 
the rights and claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the Couponholders in 
respect of the Coupons, in each case against the Issuer, will rank (i) junior to any present or future 
claims in respect of Senior Obligations, (ii) pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
with any present or future claims in respect of all Parity Obligations and (iii) senior to all present or 
future claims in respect of all Junior Obligations. See Condition 2.5 (Status of the Senior Notes) of the 
Senior Notes and Condition 3 (Status and Subordination) of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
39 
 
 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Noteholder will, in the events described in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting 
from higher ranking claims have been satisfied. A Noteholder may, therefore, recover less than the 
holders of unsubordinated or other prior ranking subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. Furthermore, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes will not limit the amount of the liabilities ranking 
senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer 
from time to time, whether before or after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes. The incurrence of 
any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up 
or administration of the Issuer and/or may increase the likelihood of a deferral of interest payments 
under the Subordinated Notes. Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead 
any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Subordinated Notes or the Trust Deed and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention. 
Although subordinated debt securities, such as the Subordinated Notes, may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in 
subordinated securities such as the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent. 
Limited Remedies 
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide that the Undated Subordinated Notes will 
be perpetual securities and there is, therefore, no obligation on the Issuer to repay principal on any given 
date. In addition, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes may be deferred in accordance with 
Condition 5.1 (Deferral of Payments) of the Subordinated Notes and interest will not therefore be due 
other than in the limited circumstances described in Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of 
Interest) of the Subordinated Notes. 
The only enforcement event in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes is if a default is 
made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or more in the payment of principal or 14 days or more in the 
payment of interest, in each case in respect of the Subordinated Notes and which is due.  
Therefore, it will only be possible for the Noteholders to enforce claims for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes when the same are due. 
In addition the claims of holders of all Senior Obligations will first have to be satisfied in any winding-
up or administration proceedings before the Noteholders may expect to obtain any recovery in respect 
of their Subordinated Notes and prior thereto Noteholders will have only limited ability to influence the 
conduct of such winding-up or administration proceedings. See "—The Issuer's obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes will be subordinated". 
Provisions which provide for interest to be payable on interest may be unenforceable as a matter of 
Luxembourg law  
The Subordinated Notes contain provisions which provide that any Deferred Interest Payment (or part 
thereof) shall itself bear interest. If it came to any proceeding before a Luxembourg court any provision 
relating to the payment of interest on interest may not be enforceable pursuant to Article 1154 of the 
Luxembourg Civil Code. There exists no published case law in Luxembourg in relation to the 
recognition of provisions pursuant to which a party agrees to pay to the other party an interest on 
interest. If a Luxembourg court had to analyse the validity and enforceability of such provisions, it may 
likely consider the position taken by the French Cour de Cassation and Belgian, French and

--- Page 52 ---
40 
 
 
Luxembourg legal scholars according to which Article 1154 of the Civil Code is not of international 
public policy and, therefore, provisions relating to the payment of interest on interest provided for in a 
foreign law document, such as the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, are not affected 
by Article 1154 of the Civil Code. There can, however, be no guarantee that a Luxembourg court would 
take this approach. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Notes are 
offered to a limited number of investors. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more 
limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the standing of the Issuer or the value of the Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
41 
 
 
The expected rating(s), if any, of the Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series 
of Notes. Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the 
rating agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
There is no guarantee that any rating of the Issuer or the Notes will be maintained by the Issuer following 
the date of this Base Prospectus. If any rating assigned to the Issuer or the Notes is revised lower, 
suspended, withdrawn or not maintained by the Issuer, the market value of the Notes may be reduced. 
The Issuer is exposed to changes in the rating methodologies applied by rating agencies. Any adverse 
changes of such methodologies may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's operations or financial 
condition, the Issuer's willingness or ability to leave individual transactions outstanding and adversely 
affect the Issuer's capital market standing. 
In general, European Union regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings 
can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In each case, this is 
subject to (i) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having 
been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
Furthermore, in the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided 
the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agencies rating the Notes changes, European Union and/or UK regulated 
investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment. This may result in European Union and/or UK regulated investors selling 
the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against 
a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
42 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the independent auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer (the 2021 Financial Statements), which 
are contained on the following pages of the Issuer’s management report for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and available at:  
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/624/70a/1a6/62470a1a629a0250870150.pdf  
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Page 117
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 117 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 118  
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
Page 119 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 119 – 153 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 154 – 157 
 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than 
information required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation. 
(b) 
the independent auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer (the 2020 Financial Statements), which 
are contained on the following pages of the Issuer’s management report for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and available at:  
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/b6c/dee/611b6cdee2f7a060945581.pdf. 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 125 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 125 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 126 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Page 127 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 127 – 160 
Independent Auditor's Report
Pages 161 – 164 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than 
information required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation. 
(c) 
translations of the German language independent auditors' report and German language audited 
consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of 
IMMOFINANZ (the IMMOFINANZ 2021 Financial Statements), which are contained in the

--- Page 55 ---
43 
 
 
following pages of IMMOFINANZ's annual financial report for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and available at:  
https://graph.immofinanz.com/api/v1/attachment/62606ca08dd30057ded6bcc9/download/en  
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
Page 122 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 123 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Page 124 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
Page 125 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  
Pages 126-127 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 128-212
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 213-218 
Statement by the Executive Board  
Page 219  
(d) 
translations of the German language independent auditors' report and German language audited 
consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 of 
IMMOFINANZ (the IMMOFINANZ 2020 Financial Statements), which are contained in the 
following pages of IMMOFINANZ's annual financial report for the year ended 31 December 
2020 and available at:  
https://graph.immofinanz.com/api/v1/attachment/60806620235f035d7c61e69c/download/en  
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
Page 112 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 113
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Page 114 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  
Page 115 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 116-117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 118-202 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 203-208 
Statement by the Executive Board  
Page 209  
 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 18 
September 2017, pages 40 to 78 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at:  
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a35/a89/611a35a89ebc0109256874.pdf; 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 
20 April 2018, pages 60 to 99 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at:

--- Page 56 ---
44 
 
 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a44/e89/611a44e897c28311006382.pdf; 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 
30 May 2019, pages 64 to 107 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at:  
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a46/907/611a469072baf306402722.pdf; 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus 
dated 30 May 2019, pages 108 to 147 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a46/907/611a469072baf306402722.pdf; 
(i) 
the amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes under the heading entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" contained on page 3 of the supplement dated 15 
January 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2019 prepared by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme and available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a4d/5ce/611a4d5ce3100287901038.pdf; 
(j) 
the amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes under the heading 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" contained on pages 3 to 4 of the 
supplement dated 15 January 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 30 May 2019 prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a4d/5ce/611a4d5ce3100287901038.pdf; 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 
27 April 2020, pages 65 to 108 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at:  
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a4c/cca/611a4ccca52cf317336832.pdf; 
(l) 
the amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes under the heading entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" contained on pages 3 to 4 (inclusive) in supplement 
dated 21 December 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2020 prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a48/4dc/611a484dc35b5256998293.pdf; 
(m) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus 
dated 27 April 2020, pages 109 to 147 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a4c/cca/611a4ccca52cf317336832.pdf;  
(n) 
the amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes under the heading 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" contained on page 4 of the 
supplement dated 21 December 2020 to the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2020 prepared by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a48/4dc/611a484dc35b5256998293.pdf;  
(o) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Base Prospectus dated 
12 May 2021, pages 74 to 117 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme and available at:

--- Page 57 ---
45 
 
 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/611/a4d/ced/611a4dced3deb307344345.pdf; 
(p) 
the amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes under the heading entitled 
"Final Terms" contained on page 5 of the supplement dated 7 January 2022 to the Base 
Prospectus dated 12 May 2021 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme and 
available at: 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/61d/ff9/052/61dff90527d0a693020529.pdf.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
46 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables contain selected historical consolidated financial information for the Group and 
IMMOFINANZ as of the dates and the periods indicated. The selected consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income data, the selected consolidated statement of cash flows and reconciliation of 
profit for the period to distributable earnings for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, and the selected consolidated statement of financial position data as of 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 have been derived from the 2021 Financial Statements, the 2020 Financial Statements, 
the IMMOFINANZ 2021 Financial Statements and the IMMOFINANZ 2020 Financial Statements 
respectively. The 2021 Financial Statements, the 2020 Financial Statements, the IMMOFINANZ 2021 
Financial Statements and the IMMOFINANZ 2020 Financial Statements are incorporated by reference 
in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
Prospective investors should read the following selected consolidated financial information in 
conjunction with the information contained in "Risk Factors", the 2021 Financial Statements, the 2020 
Financial Statements and the IMMOFINANZ 2021 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference".  
The Group  
Consolidated Income Statement  
  
Year Ended ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Gross rental income ....................................................................................  
൮൪൫.൲ 
൭൯൰.൯
Service charges and other income ...............................................................  
൫൭൳.൫ 
൫൭൳.൰
Cost of service and other charges ...............................................................  
(൫൫൰.൬) 
(൫൪൱.൮)
Property operating expenses .......................................................................  
(൰൫.൲) 
(൯൫.൪)
Net rental income ......................................................................................  
൭൰൬.൳ 
൭൭൱.൱ 
Development sales ......................................................................................  
ϣϤ.ϫ
ϥϦ.ϥ
Development operating expenses................................................................  
(൳.൮)
(Ϥϫ.ϫ)
Net development income ..........................................................................  
൭.൯ 
൮.൮ 
Hotel revenue .............................................................................................  
൰൰.൮
Ϧϥ.ϩ
Hotel operating expenses ............................................................................  
(൯൬.൰)
(ϦϨ.Ϫ)
Net hotel income .......................................................................................  
൫൭.൲ 
(൭.൫) 
Other business revenue ...............................................................................  
൮൭.൰
ϦϪ.ϧ
Other business operating expenses .............................................................  
(൭൲.൮)
(Ϧϥ.ϣ)
Net other business income ........................................................................  
൯.൬ 
൯.൮ 
Total revenues ............................................................................................  
൰൰൭.൲
ϨϤϤ.Ϩ
Total direct business operating expenses ....................................................  
(൬൱൲.൮)
(ϤϩϪ.Ϥ)
Net business income ..................................................................................  
൭൲൯.൮ 
൭൮൮.൮ 
Net valuation gain .......................................................................................  
൫,൬൱൯.൲
ϣϩϥ.ϣ
Net gain on disposal of investment property and subsidiaries .....................  
൭൮.൯
Ϣ.ϩ
Amortization, depreciation and impairment ................................................  
(൯൬.൪)
(ϪϪ.Ϣ) 
Administrative expenses .............................................................................  
(൯൲.൮)
(Ϧϩ.ϣ) 
Other operating income ..............................................................................  
൰.൯
Ϥϥ.ϥ
Other operating expenses ............................................................................  
(൯.൲)
(Ϥ.Ϫ)
Operating result........................................................................................
൫,൯൲൰.൪ 
൮൪൭.൰ 
Interest income ...........................................................................................  
൫൱.൳
ϣϪ.Ϥ
Interest expense ..........................................................................................  
(൳൱.൭)
(ϪϢ.ϫ)
Other net financial result ............................................................................  
൭൳.൭
ϫ.Ϫ
Net finance costs .......................................................................................  
(൮൪.൫) 
(൯൬.൳) 
Share of loss of equity-accounted investees (net of tax) .............................  
൫൯.൫
(ϣϢ.Ϩ)
Profit before income tax ...........................................................................  
൫,൯൰൫.൪ 
൭൮൪.൫ 
Income tax expense ....................................................................................  
(൬൰൳.൮)
(ϫϨ.ϧ)
Net profit from continuing operations ....................................................
൫,൬൳൫.൰ 
൬൮൭.൰ 
Items that may or are reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
Translation difference .................................................................................  
൫൭൱.൯
(ϣϥϢ.Ϩ)
Cash flow hedges ........................................................................................  
(൬൰.൱)
(ϣ.ϣ)
Income tax on other comprehensive income items 
൮.൰
Ϣ.ϣ
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

--- Page 59 ---
47 
 
 
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment ............................................  
൫൲.൪
(Ϧϧ.ϩ)
Defined benefit plan actuarial loss ..............................................................  
(൪.൫)
(Ϣ.Ϧ)
Income tax on other comprehensive income items .....................................  
(൬.൱)
Ϫ.Ϫ
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax .........................  
൫൭൪.൰ 
(൫൰൲.൳) 
Total comprehensive income for the year ...............................................  
൫,൮൬൬.൬ 
൱൮.൱ 
Net profit attributable to: 
Owners of the parent ...................................................................................  
൫,൬൪൬.൱
ϣϪϣ.ϧ
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................  
൫൭.൲
Ϥ.ϩ 
Perpetual notes holders ...............................................................................  
൱൯.൫
ϧϫ.Ϧ
Profit for the year .....................................................................................  
൫,൬൳൫.൰ 
൬൮൭.൰ 
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the parent ...................................................................................  
൫,൭൭൭.൭
ϣϤ.Ϩ
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................  
൫൭.൲
Ϥ.ϩ
Perpetual notes holders ...............................................................................  
൱൯.൫
ϧϫ.Ϧ
Total comprehensive income for the year ...............................................  
൫,൮൬൬.൬ 
൱൮.൱ 
Earnings per share
Basic earnings in EUR per share .............................................................  
൪.൫൯ 
൪.൪ 
Diluted earnings in EUR per share .............................................................  
൪.൫൯
Ϣ.Ϣ
 
Consolidated cash flow statement  
 
Year Ended ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated)
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Profit before income tax 
1,561.0 
340.1 
Adjusted by: 
 
Net valuation gain ............................................................................................. 
(1,275.8) 
(173.1) 
Net gain on the disposal of investment property and subsidiaries ..................... 
(34.5) 
(0.7) 
Depreciation and amortization  ......................................................................... 
36.5 
38.1 
Impairment of assets ......................................................................................... 
15.5 
49.9 
Net interest expense .......................................................................................... 
79.4 
62.7 
Net other finance expense ................................................................................. 
14.0 
21.2 
Share of profit/(loss) of equity accounted investees .......................................... 
(15.2) 
10.6 
Unrealized exchange rate differences and other non-cash transactions ............. 
70.1 
(17.5) 
Profit before changes in working capital and provisions ............................. 
൮൯൫.൪ 
൭൭൫.൭ 
Decrease in inventories ..................................................................................... 
൬൲.൲ 
൫൱.൰ 
Increase in trade and other receivables ............................................................. 
(൯൪.൫) 
(൬൬.൬) 
Increase / (decrease) in trade and other payables .............................................. 
൮.൰ 
(൯൳.൬) 
Change in provisions ........................................................................................ 
൪.൮ 
(൭.൪) 
Income tax paid ................................................................................................ 
(൬൪.൳) 
(൫൯.൲) 
Net cash from operating activities ................................................................. 
൮൫൭.൲ 
൬൮൲.൱ 
Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired .............................................. 
(൯൫൯.൫) 
(൫൮.൮) 
Repayment of loan acquired ............................................................................. 
(൬൬൱.൬) 
- 
Acquisition of associates .................................................................................. 
(൬൰൬.൯) 
(൰൲൰.൯) 
Acquisition of other financial investments ........................................................ 
(൫൳൳.൭) 
(൫൱.൬) 
Proceeds from sale of non-controlling interest .................................................. 
൫൮.൲ 
- 
Proceeds from disposals of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed .......................... 
൫൬൱.൬ 
൬൲.൮ 
Purchase and expenditures on investment property .......................................... 
(൭൲൭.൬) 
(൮൱൭.൯) 
Purchase and expenditures on property, plant and equipment ........................... 
(൰൰.൰) 
(൬൯.൫) 
Purchase of intangible assets ............................................................................ 
(൰.൯) 
(൱.൮) 
Purchase of biological assets ............................................................................ 
(൬.൰) 
(൬.൬) 
Proceeds from sale of investment property ....................................................... 
൯൯.൲ 
൯.൲ 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment ....................................... 
൬.൳ 
൱.൯ 
Proceeds from sale of biological assets ............................................................. 
൪.൮ 
൪.൬ 
Loans provided ................................................................................................. 
(൰൱൪.൳) 
(൫൲൬.൰) 
Loans repaid ..................................................................................................... 
൳൪൭.൰ 
൫൪൱.൮ 
Interest received ................................................................................................ 
൬൬.൭ 
൪.൲ 
Dividends received ........................................................................................... 
൫൰.൭ 
൫൳.൲ 
Net cash used in investing activities ............................................................... 
(൫,൫൳൪.൰) 
(൫,൬൭൳.൪) 
Proceeds from issue of share capital ................................................................. 
൯൮൫.൪ 
- 
Share buy-back ................................................................................................. 
(൬൭൳.൳) 
- 
Proceeds from perpetual notes .......................................................................... 
൮൰൮.൲ 
൰൪൱.൯ 
Payment to perpetual notes holders including repayment of perpetual bonds ... 
(൬൳൱.൳) 
(൭൲൬.൲) 
Proceeds from bonds issued .............................................................................. 
൲൱൲.൭ 
൫,൬൬൲.൯ 
Repayment of bonds issued .............................................................................. 
(൯൬൲.൭) 
(൲൫൬.൳) 
Interest paid ...................................................................................................... 
(൲൲.൮) 
(൯൯.൰) 
Drawings of loans and borrowings ................................................................... 
൰൫൯.൱ 
൭൱൱.൭ 
Repayments of loans and borrowings ............................................................... 
(൰൳൬.൫) 
(൫൭൳.൲) 
Repayment of lease liabilities ........................................................................... 
(൫൪.൫) 
(൮.൫)

--- Page 60 ---
48 
 
 
Net cash from/ (used in) financing activities ................................................. 
൰൮൭.൫ 
൲൫൲.൫ 
Net increase/ (decrease) in cash ..................................................................... 
(൫൭൭.൱) 
(൫൱൬.൬) 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period ................................. 
൰൭൬.൭ 
൲൪൮.൯ 
Less: Cash and cash equivalents reclassified from/ (to) assets held for sale ..... 
൭.൬ 
- 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period ...................................... 
൯൪൫.൲ 
൰൭൬.൭ 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Year as at ൭൫ December 
Υ millions (unless otherwise indicated)
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
Non-current assets 
(audited)
(audited)
Intangible assets and goodwill ....................................................................  
൫൫൮.൪ 
൫൪൱.൫ 
Investment property ....................................................................................  
൫൪,൬൱൯.൲ 
൲,൱൳൬.൰ 
Property, plant and equipment ....................................................................  
൲൯൮.൰ 
൱൱൳.൮ 
Hotels  ........................................................................................................  
৸৵৷.৳ 
৷৷৶.৳ 
Other property, plant and equipment ..........................................................  
৲ৱ৹.৵ 
৲৲৵.৳
Biological assets .........................................................................................  
൰.൯ 
൯.൪ 
Equity accounted investees .........................................................................  
൫,൬൫൰.൫ 
൰൯൲.൫ 
Other financial assets ..................................................................................  
൬൬൳.൬ 
൭൮.൮ 
Loans provided ...........................................................................................  
൫൪൬.൭ 
൬൳൫.൯ 
Deferred tax assets ......................................................................................  
൫൰൮.൫ 
൫൯൯.൰ 
Total non-current assets ...........................................................................  
൫൬,൳൰൬.൰ 
൫൪,൲൬൭.൱ 
Current assets 
Inventories ..................................................................................................  
11.8
ϥϪ.Ϫ
Biological assets .........................................................................................  
2.7
Ϥ.ϩ
Income tax receivables ...............................................................................  
൯.൰ 
൯.൫ 
Trade receivables ........................................................................................  
൫൪൯.൱ 
൲൯.൮ 
Loans provided ...........................................................................................  
൫൳.൫ 
൱൱.൯ 
Cash and cash equivalents ..........................................................................  
൯൪൫.൲ 
൰൭൬.൭ 
Other financial assets ..................................................................................  
൯൰.൯ 
൮൱.൮ 
Other non-financial assets ...........................................................................  
൫൫൮.൱ 
൯൪.൲ 
Assets linked to assets held for sale ............................................................  
൯൲൲.൯ 
൭൱.൱ 
Total current assets ..................................................................................  
൫,൮൪൰.൮ 
൳൱൱.൱ 
Total assets................................................................................................
൫൮,൭൰൳.൪ 
൫൫,൲൪൫.൮ 
Equity 
 
 
Equity attributable to owners of the parent .................................................  
 ൯,൳൫൫.൲ 
൮,൭൬൪.൲ 
Share capital ...............................................................................................  
৹৹৴.৷ 
৹৴৴.৳ 
Share premium............................................................................................  
৲,৲৷৲.৸ 
৺৲৲.৲ 
Other reserves ............................................................................................  
৴৷৳.৳ 
৳৴৲.৶ 
Retained earnings .......................................................................................  
৴,৶৹৵.৴ 
৳,৴৵৶.ৱ 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................................  
൳൫.൬ 
൳൰.൫ 
Perpetual notes............................................................................................  
൫,൰൫൫.൰ 
൫,൭൰൳.൰ 
Total equity ...............................................................................................  
൱,൰൳൮.൰ 
൯,൱൲൰.൯ 
Non-current liabilities 
 
 
Bonds issued ...............................................................................................  
൭,൰൳൭.൱ 
൭,൫൳൯.൬ 
Financial debts ............................................................................................  
൫,൫൰൮.൮ 
൫,൬൰൳.൰ 
Deferred tax liability ...................................................................................  
൫,൪൲൬.൮ 
൲൮൬.൬ 
Provisions ...................................................................................................  
൲.൮ 
൱.൪ 
Other financial liabilities ............................................................................  
൲൱.൲ 
൫൪൳.൳ 
Total non-current liabilities .....................................................................  
൰,൪൭൰.൱ 
൯,൮൬൭.൳ 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Bonds issued ...............................................................................................  
൮൫.൫ 
൫൪൲.൲ 
Financial debts ............................................................................................  
൬൭൭.൯ 
൬൯൭.൪ 
Trade payables ............................................................................................  
൫൫൰.൬ 
൱൪.൰ 
Income tax liabilities ..................................................................................  
൫൭.൬ 
൫൬.൮ 
Other financial liabilities ............................................................................  
൫൫൮.൭ 
൫൬൪.൯ 
Other non-financial liabilities .....................................................................  
൭൭.൭ 
൬൫.൪ 
Liabilities linked to assets held for sale ......................................................  
൲൰.൫ 
൮.൱ 
Total current liabilities .............................................................................  
൰൭൱.൱ 
൯൳൫.൪ 
Total equity and liabilities ........................................................................  
൫൮,൭൰൳.൪ 
൫൫,൲൪൫.൮

--- Page 61 ---
49 
 
 
IMMOFINANZ1  
Consolidated Income Statement  
  
Year Ended ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Rental income ...........................................................................................  
284.7 
289.5 
Operating costs charged to tenants  .............................................................  
88.7 
85.3 
Other revenues  ...........................................................................................  
1.7 
2.8 
Revenues  ...................................................................................................  
375.1 
377.7 
Expenses from investment property  ........................................................... 
(61.4) 
(71.8) 
Operating expenses  ....................................................................................  
(102.7) 
(99.4) 
Results of asset management  ...................................................................  
211.0 
206.4 
Results of property sales ..........................................................................  
25.7 
7.9 
Results of property development  ............................................................  
18.9 
(24.2) 
Other operating income  .............................................................................  
2.2 
2.7 
Other operating expenses  ...........................................................................  
(47.7) 
(48.9) 
Results of operations 
210.1
143.9
Revaluation result from standing investments and goodwill  ................  
85.9 
(156.6) 
Operating profit (EBIT)  ..........................................................................  
296.0 
(12.7) 
Financing costs  ..........................................................................................  
(81.1) 
(64.0) 
Financing income .......................................................................................  
1.8 
2.2 
Foreign exchange differences  ....................................................................  
0.5 
(1.9) 
Other financial results  ................................................................................  
29.3 
(14.6) 
Net profit or loss from equity-accounted investments  ................................  
139.8 
(69.5) 
Financial results  .......................................................................................  
90.4 
(147.8) 
Earnings before tax (EBT)  ......................................................................  
386.3 
(160.4) 
Current income tax  ....................................................................................  
(10.5) 
(11.9) 
Deferred tax  ...............................................................................................  
(30.0) 
6.4 
Net profit or loss from continuing operations  ........................................  
345.8 
(165.9) 
Net profit or loss from discontinued operations  .........................................  
0 
0 
Net profit or loss  ......................................................................................  
345.8 
(165.9) 
thereof attributable to owners of IMMOFINANZ AG .....................
347.1
(167.0)
thereof attributable to non-controlling interests  ...............................  
(1.2) 
1.1 
Basic earnings per share in EUR  ............................................................  
2.8 
(1.5) 
Diluted earnings per share in EUR..........................................................
2.6
(1.5)
 
Consolidated cash flow statement  
  
Year Ended ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Earnings before tax (EBT)  ........................................................................  
386.3 
(160.4) 
Revaluations of investment properties  ......................................................  
(121.0) 
166.5 
Goodwill impairment and subsequent price adjustments  ..........................  
0.3 
(0.0) 
Write-downs and write-ups on real estate inventories (including 
impending losses from forward sales)  .......................................................  
(0.06) 
0.2 
Write-downs and write-ups on receivables and other assets  .....................  
11.7 
29.4 
Net profit or loss from equity-accounted investments  ...............................  
(139.5) 
69.6 
Foreign exchange differences and fair value measurement of financial 
instruments  ...............................................................................................  
(25.2) 
15.2 
Net interest income/expense  ..................................................................... 
82.1 
62.2 
Results from deconsolidation  ....................................................................  
(28.9) 
(0.2) 
Other non-cash income/expense/reclassifications  .....................................  
(12.4) 
(0.6) 
Gross cash flow before tax .....................................................................
153.3
181.7
Income taxes paid ......................................................................................  
(6.0) 
(4.6) 
Gross cash flow after tax  ........................................................................  
147.3 
177.0 
Change in real estate inventories  ..............................................................  
0.1 
2.7 
Change in trade and other receivables  ......................................................  
(16.5) 
(13.2) 
Change in trade payables and other liabilities  ...........................................  
72.4 
(4.8) 
Change in provisions  ................................................................................  
13.9 
(13.9) 
Cash flow from operating activities ........................................................  
217.1 
147.9 
Acquisition of investment property and property under construction  .......  
(141.9) 
(127.5) 
Business combinations and other acquisitions, net of cash and cash 
equivalents (EUR ൫൳.൪ mill.; ൬൪൬൪: EUR ൫.൯ mill.)  ...................................  
(102.5) 
(29.4) 
Consideration transferred/paid from disposal of discontinued operations, 
net of cash and cash equivalents  ...............................................................  
0.1 
(0.8) 
Consideration transferred from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash and 
cash equivalents (EUR ൱.൲ mill.; ൬൪൬൪: EUR ൪.൰ mill.) .............................  
139.5 
17.8 
                                                    
1 Where financial data is labeled "audited", this means that it was taken from the German language IMMOFINANZ 2021 and 2020 Financial 
Statements, which have been audited taken as a whole.

--- Page 62 ---
50 
 
 
Acquisition of other non-current assets  .....................................................  
(3.9) 
(7.7) 
Disposal of investment property and property under construction  ............  
103.9 
71.0 
Disposal of other non-current assets  .........................................................  
0 
0.9 
Dividends received from equity-accounted investments  ...........................  
13.2 
16.8 
Interest or dividends received from financial instruments..........................  
1.1 
1.1 
Cash flow from investing activities  ........................................................  
9.5 
(57.9) 
Increase in financial liabilities plus decrease in blocked cash and cash 
equivalents .................................................................................................  
213.4 
766.3 
Proceeds from issue of mandatory convertible bonds, less transaction 
costs  ..........................................................................................................  
0 
118.6 
Repayment of financial liabilities plus increase in blocked cash and cash 
equivalents  ................................................................................................  
(325.8) 
(436.7) 
Proceeds from capital increase, less transaction costs  ...............................  
0 
234.0 
Derivatives ................................................................................................  
(13.7) 
(11.3) 
Interest paid  ..............................................................................................  
(57.1) 
(48.2) 
Payments on mandatory convertible bond  ................................................  
(5.8) 
0 
Distributions/Dividend  .............................................................................  
(92.5) 
0 
Transactions with non-controlling interest owners  ...................................  
(8.5) 
(0.04) 
Cash flow from financing activities  .......................................................  
(289.9) 
622.6 
Net foreign exchange differences  .............................................................  
(1.0) 
(6.2) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents  ....................................................  
(64.3) 
706.3 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period (consolidated 
balance sheet item)  ...................................................................................  
1,047.1 
341.2 
Plus cash and cash equivalents in disposal groups  ....................................  
4.3 
4.0 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period  .........................  
1,051.4 
345.1 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period  ...................................  
987.1 
1,051.4 
Less cash and cash equivalents in disposal groups ....................................  
0 
4.3 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period (consolidated 
balance sheet item) ...................................................................................  
987.1 
1,047.1 
Consolidated statement of financial position   
 
Year Ended as at ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
 
(audited) 
(audited) 
Investment property  ...................................................................................  
4,736.4 
4,680.4 
Property under construction  .......................................................................  
474.3 
358.6 
Other tangible assets  ..................................................................................  
5.8 
5.3 
Intangible assets  .........................................................................................  
24.1 
24.5 
Equity-accounted investments  ................................................................... 
521.5 
367.9 
Trade and other receivables  .......................................................................  
38.7 
56.9 
Income tax receivables  ..............................................................................  
0.0 
0.5 
Other financial assets  ................................................................................. 
17.4 
12.5 
Deferred tax assets  .....................................................................................  
6.4 
9.0 
Non-current assets  ...................................................................................  
5,824.6 
5,515.7 
Trade and other receivables  ....................................................................... 
130.3 
87.7 
Income tax receivables  ..............................................................................  
7.1 
11.9 
Assets held for sale  ....................................................................................  
9.0 
168.4 
Real estate inventories  ...............................................................................  
0.6 
0.6 
Cash and cash equivalents  .........................................................................  
987.1 
1,047.1 
Current assets  ..........................................................................................  
1,134.2 
1,315.7 
Assets .........................................................................................................  
6,958.7 
6,831.4 
Share capital  ..............................................................................................  
123.3 
123.3 
Capital reserves ..........................................................................................  
4,565.7 
4,702.5 
Treasury shares  ..........................................................................................  
(0.0) 
(156.3) 
Accumulated other equity  ..........................................................................  
(190.1) 
(194.7) 
Retained earnings  ......................................................................................  
(1,115.3) 
(1,367.2) 
Equity attributable to owners of IMMOFINANZ AG  ..........................  
3,383.5 
3,107.6 
Non-controlling interests  ...........................................................................  
(32.9) 
(23.9) 
Equity  .......................................................................................................  
3,350.6 
3,083.7 
Liabilities from convertible bonds ..............................................................  
0 
281.8 
Financial liabilities  ....................................................................................  
2,441.6 
2,818.6 
Trade and other payables  ...........................................................................  
28.0 
59.0 
Income tax liabilities  .................................................................................  
0.002 
0.002 
Provisions ...................................................................................................  
16.8 
17.2 
Deferred tax liabilities ................................................................................  
274.2 
262.3 
Non-current liabilities  .............................................................................  
2,760.6 
3,438.9 
Liabilities from convertible bonds ..............................................................  
283.2 
9.3 
Financial liabilities  ....................................................................................  
411.8 
97.5 
Trade and other payables  ...........................................................................  
111.0 
129.9 
Income tax liabilities  .................................................................................  
10.7 
7.5 
Provisions ...................................................................................................  
30.8 
19.8 
Liabilities held for sale ...............................................................................  
0 
44.9 
Current liabilities  .....................................................................................  
847.5 
308.8 
Equity and liabilities .................................................................................  
6,958.7 
6,831.4

--- Page 63 ---
51 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pro forma consolidated financial information of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Introduction 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group held a total of 26,621,030 IMMOFINANZ shares, representing a 
21.6 per cent. stake in IMMOFINANZ. The Group classified the investment as the equity accounted 
investee and provisionally measured the investment at the total acquisition price of EUR 534.2 million.  
On 3 March 2022, the Group gained control of IMMOFINANZ, acquiring a 54.88 per cent. stake. The 
acquisition represents a business combination under the IFRS 3 Business Combination principles (IFRS 
3). Following the acquisition date of 3 March 2022, the Group fully consolidated IMMOFINANZ as a 
subsidiary. The total purchase price was EUR 1,667.1 million of which EUR 1,132.9 million was paid 
on 2 March 2022 and 3 March 2022.  
Due to the acquisition of IMMOFINANZ, the Group has prepared a pro forma consolidated statement 
of financial position as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and pro forma consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income and pro forma notes (together referred to as the Unaudited Pro 
Forma Financial Information). 
The purpose of the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information is to present the significant impact of 
the acquisition of IMMOFINANZ on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 
December 2021 and to present consolidated statement of comprehensive income showing the significant 
impact of the acquisition of IMMOFINANZ on the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income for the year ending 31 December 2021, assuming that the acquisition had been undertaken as 
of 1 January 2021.   
The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information is provided for illustrative purposes only. Because of 
its nature, the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information describes only a hypothetical situation and 
contains assumptions and uncertainties. Consequently, it does not reflect the actual net assets, financial 
position and results of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Unaudited Pro 
Forma Consolidated Financial Information is only meaningful in conjunction with the Group’s 2021 
Financial Statements.  
Historical financial information 
The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information was prepared on the basis of: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021 which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.   
(b) 
the German language audited consolidated financial statements of the IMMOFINANZ as at and 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.   
Principles used in the preparation 
The Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information was prepared on the basis stated in the proforma notes 
in accordance with the requirements set out in Annex 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
No 2019/980 of March 2019. Accounting principles as well as the accounting, presentation and 
valuation methodologies applied to the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information were those applied 
by the Group in preparation of the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2021.   
The proforma adjustments made in the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information are based on

--- Page 64 ---
52 
 
 
available information, estimates and certain assumptions as described in the proforma notes to the 
Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information. As the acquisition of IMMOFINANZ was completed after 
31 December 2021, the Group prepared provisional purchase price allocation in accordance with IFRS 
3. As the purchase price allocation was not yet finalised as of the date of preparation of the Unaudited 
Pro Forma Financial Information, the assumptions on identification and measurement of the assets and 
liabilities acquired and the proforma adjustments are subject to uncertainty. 
Procedures and pro forma assumptions in the preparation of the Unaudited Pro Forma Financial 
Information 
The proforma consolidated financial information was prepared under the assumption that the acquisition 
of IMMOFINANZ had already been completed (1) on 1 January 2021 for the pro-forma consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, and (2) as at 31 December 2021 for the pro-forma consolidated 
statement of financial position. 
Provisional purchase price allocation 
According to IFRS 3.10, the purchase price for IMMOFINANZ is compared with the fair value of the 
acquired identifiable assets and liabilities determined in the purchase price allocation exercise as of the 
date of acquisition. Any negative difference is recognised as bargain purchase in the Group’s profit and 
loss account. 
For the purpose of provisional purchase price allocation, the Group measured all acquired identifiable 
assets and liabilities at their estimated fair value as at the acquisition date. 
The provisional fair values of the acquired identifiable assets and liabilities of IMMOFINANZ as at the 
acquisition date were as follows: 
 
Fair value at acquisition 
(in EUR million) 
Investment property 
5,210.7 
Equity-accounted investments 
506.9 
Deferred tax assets 
6.4 
Other non-current assets 
62.1 
Cash and cash equivalents 
987.1 
Trade and other receivables 
130.3 
Other current assets 
16.7 
Total assets 
6,920.2 
Non-current financial debts 
(1,474.1) 
Non-current bonds issued 
(956.9) 
Deferred tax liabilities 
(337.1) 
Other non-current liabilities  
(44.8) 
Current financial debts 
(386.6) 
Current bonds issued 
(25.2) 
Other current liabilities 
(152.5) 
Convertible bonds 
(11.2) 
Total Liabilities 
(3,388.4) 
The Fair value of identifiable net assets 
3,531.8 
Group´s share of 54.88% 
1,938.3 
Cash consideration given 
(1,667.1) 
Bargain purchase 
271.2 
Non-controlling interest  
1,593.5 
The Group compared the total purchase price of EUR 1,667.1 million paid for the 54.88 per cent. stake 
in IMMOFINANZ with the acquired share of the fair value of identifiable net assets of EUR 1,938.3

--- Page 65 ---
53 
 
 
million. Resulting negative difference of EUR 271.2 million was recognized as bargain purchase. The 
difference between the Group’s share of acquired identifiable net assets of EUR 1,938.3 million and 
total IMMOFINANZ’s identifiable net assets of EUR 3,531.8 million amounting to EUR 1,593.5 
million was recognised as non-controlling interest. 
The fair value of IMMOFINANZ´s net assets was derived from the book value of equity as at 31 
December 2021 of EUR 3,350.6 million and the flowing adjustments: 
 
A fair value adjustment of EUR 14.6 million decreasing the equity accounted investees as at 31 
December 2021. 
 
A fair value adjustment of EUR 10.6 million decreasing the financial debts as at 31 December 
2021. 
 
A fair value adjustment of EUR 62.9 million increasing the deferred tax liability as at 31 
December 2021. 
 
An elimination of pre-acquisition goodwill of EUR 23.9 million.  
 
An elimination of pre-acquisition of pre-acquisition convertible bonds of EUR 272.0 million. 
Pro forma consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 
  
31/12/2021 
The 
Group  
(EUR 
million) 
31/12/2021 
IMMOFINANZ
(EUR million) 
31/12/2021 
Total 
(EUR 
million) 
 
 
 
Notes 
Pro-forma 
adjustments
(EUR 
million) 
Post-
balance 
sheet 
adjustments 
to Group´s 
financing 
(EUR 
million) 
 
 
Notes
31/12/2021 
Pro-forma 
consolidated 
(EUR million) 
Intangible assets and goodwill 
114.0
24.1
138.1
(23.9)
 
(b) 
114.2
Investment property 
10,275.8
5,210.7
15,486.5
(i) 
0.0
(510.0)
(j) 
14,976.5
Property, plant and equipment 
854.6
5.8
860.4
(ii) 
0.0
 
 
860.4
Biological Assets 
6.5
0.0
6.5
 
0.0
 
 
6.5
Equity accounted investees 
1,216.1
521.5
1,737.6
 
(548.8)
 
(a) 
1,188.8
Other financial assets 
229.2
56.0
285.2
(iii) 
0.0
 
 
285.2
Loans provided  
102.3
0.0
102.3
0.0
 
 
102.3
Deferred tax asset 
164.1
6.4
170.5
0.0
 
 
170.5
Total non-current assets 
12,962.6
5,824.5
18,787.1
(572.7)
(510.0)
 
17,704.4
Inventories 
11.8
0.6
12.4
0.0
 
 
12.4
Biological Assets 
2.7
0.0
2.7
0.0
 
 
2.7
Income tax receivables 
5.6
7.1
12.7
0.0
 
 
12.7
Trade receivables 
105.7
50.1
155.8
0.0
 
 
155.8
Loans provided 
19.1
0.0
19.1
0.0
 
 
19.1
Cash and cash equivalents 
501.8
987.2
1,489.0
(1,132.9)
1,512.5
(i)(m)
1,868.6
Other financial current assets 
56.5
57.3
113.8
(ix) 
0.0
 
 
113.8
Other non-financial current assets 
114.7
22.9
137.6
(x) 
0.0
22.8
(k) 
160.4
Assets held for sale 
588.5
9.0
597.5
 
0.0
 
 
597.5
Total current assets 
1,406.4
1,134.2
2,540.6
(1,132.9)
1,535.3
2,943.0
TOTAL ASSETS 
14,369.0
6,958.7
21,327.7
 
(1,705.6)
1,025.3
 
20,647.4
Share capital 
883.6
123.3
1,006.9
 
-123.3
 
(g) 
883.6
Share premium 
1,161.7
0.0
1,161.7
 
0
 
 
1,161.7
Capital reserves 
-
4,565.7
4,565.7
 
(4,565.7)
(g) 
-
Other reserves 
362.2
(190.1)
172.1
(iv) 
190.1
 
(g) 
362.2
Retained earnings 
3,584.3
(1,115.3)
2,469.0
1,386.5
 
(h) 
3,855.5
Perpetual notes 
1,611.6
0.0
1,611.6
0.0
 
 
1,611.6
Non controlling interests 
91.2
(32.9)
58.3
1,626.4
 
(c) 
1,684.7
Total equity 
7,694.6
3,350.7
11,045.3
(1,486.0)
0.0
 
9,559.3
Bonds issued 
3,693.7
956.9
4,650.6
0.0
200.0
(m) 
4,850.6
Financial debts 
1,164.4
1,484.7
2,649.1
0.0
825.3
(l) 
3,474.4
Deferred tax liabilities 
1,082.4
274.2
1,356.6
62.9
 
(d) 
1,419.5

--- Page 66 ---
54 
 
 
Provisions 
8.4
16.8
25.2
0.0
 
 
25.2
Other non-current liabilities 
87.8
28.0
115.8
(v) 
0.0
 
 
115.8
Total non-current liabilities 
6,036.7
2,760.6
8,797.3
 
62.9
1,025.3
 
9 885.5
Bonds issued 
41.1
308.4
349.5
(vi) 
(272.0)
 
(e) 
77.5
Financial debts 
233.5
386.6
620.1
 
(10.5)
 
(f) 
609.6
Trade payables 
116.2
54.1
170.3
 
0.0
 
 
170.3
Income tax liabilities 
13.2
10.7
23.9
 
0.0
 
 
23.9
Other financial current liabilities 
114.3
26.9
141.2
(vii) 
0.00
 
 
141.2
Other non-financial current liabilities and 
provisions 
33.3
60.7
94.0 
(viii) 
0.00
 
 
94.0
Liabilities linked to AHFS 
86.1
0.0
86.1
0.0
 
 
86.1
Total current liabilities 
637.7
847.4
1,485.1
(282.5)
0.0
1,202.6
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
14,369.0
6,958.7
21,327.7
(1,705.6)
1,025.3
20,647.4
Pro forma consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2021 
 
  
FY 
2021 
The 
Group 
(EUR 
million)
FY 2021 
IMMOFINANZ
(EUR million) 
Notes
FY 
2021 
Total 
(EUR 
million)
Pro-forma 
adjustments
(EUR 
million) 
 
Notes 
FY 2021      
Pro-forma 
consolidated
Gross rental income 
401.8
284.7
 
686.5
 
 
686.5
Service charge and other income 
139.1
90.4
(xi) 
229.5
 
 
229.5
Cost of service and other charges 
(116.2)
(102.7)
(xii) 
(218.9)
 
 
(218.9)
Property operating expenses 
(61.8)
(61.4)
(xiii) 
(123.2)
 
 
(123.2)
Net rental income 
362.9
211.0
(xviii) 
573.9
 
 
573.9
Development sales 
12.9
0.0
 
12.9
 
 
12.9
Development operating expenses 
(9.4)
0.0
 
(9.4)
 
 
(9.4)
Net development income 
3.5
0.0
 
3.5
 
 
3.5
Hotel revenue 
66.4
0.0
 
66.4
 
 
66.4
Hotel operating expenses 
(52.6)
0.0
 
(52.6)
 
 
(52.6)
Net hotel income 
13.8
0.0
 
13.8
 
 
13.8
Other business revenue 
43.6
0.0
 
43.6
 
 
43.6
Other business operating expenses 
(38.4)
0.0
 
(38.4)
 
 
(38.4)
Net other business income
5.2
0.0
5.2
5.2
Total revenues 
663.8
375.1
 
1,038.8
 
 
1,038.9
Total direct business operating expenses 
(278.4)
(164.1)
 
(442.5)
 
 
(442.5)
Net business income 
385.4
211.0
(xviii)
596.4
 
 
596.4
Net valuation gain 
1,275.8
85.9
(xiv) 
1,361.7
 
 
1,361.7
Net result of ongoing property development 
-
18.9
 
18.9
 
18.9
Net gain or loss on the disposal of IP and subs 
34.5
25.7
(xv) 
60.2
 
 
60.2
Amortization, depreciation and impairments 
(52.0)
-
 
(52.0)
 
 
(52.0)
Other operating income 
6.5
2.2
 
8.7
271.2
(n) 
279.9
Administrative expenses 
(58.4)
(47.7)
(xvi) 
(106.1)
 
(106.1)
Other operating expenses 
(5.8)
-
 
(5.8)
 
(5.8)
Operating result 
1,586.0
296.0
1,882.0
271.2
2,153.2
Interest income 
17.9
1.8
 
19.7
 
19.7
Interest expense 
(97.3)
(81.1)
 
(178.4)
 
(178.4)
Other net financial result 
39.3
29.7
(xvii) 
69.0
 
69.0
Net finance income / (costs) 
(40.1)
(49.6)
 
(89.7)
 
(89.7)
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees 
15.1
139.9
 
155.0
 
155.0
Profit / (Loss) before income tax 
1,561.0
386.3
 
1,947.3
271.2
2,218.5
Income tax expense 
(269.4)
(40.5)
 
(309.9)
 
(309.9)
Net profit / (Loss) from continuing operations 
1 291.6
345.8
 
1,637.4
271.2
1,908.6
Items that may or are reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
 
Translation difference 
137.5
(2.2)
 
135.3
-
135.3
Cash flow hedges 
(26.7)
-
 
(26.7)
-
(26.7)

--- Page 67 ---
55 
 
 
Other 
comprehensive 
income 
from 
equity 
accounted investees 
-
1.3
 
1.3
-
1.3
Income tax on other comprehensive income items 
4.6
(0.4)
 
4.2
-
4.2
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to 
profit or loss 
 
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment 
18.0
-
 
18.0
-
18.0
Defined benefit plan actuarial loss 
(0.1)
-
 
(0.1)
-
(0.1)
Financial instruments at fair value through OCI 
-
(0.4)
 
(0.4)
-
(0.4)
Other 
comprehensive 
income 
from 
equity 
accounted investees 
-
34.2
 
34.2
-
34.2
Income tax on other comprehensive income items 
(2.7)
(8.4)
 
(11.1)
-
(11.1)
Other comprehensive income for the period, net 
of tax 
130.6
24.1
 
154.1
-
154.1
Total comprehensive income for the year 
1,422.2
369.9
1,792.1
271.2
2 063.3
Historical financial information of IMMOFINANZ 
The German language consolidated IMMOFINANZ statement of financial position as at 31 December 
2021 and statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2021 was prepared in 
accordance with IFRS. The consolidated IMMOFINANZ financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2021 were audited and were published on 20 April 2022. 
In addition, in order to report on a consistent basis with the accounting policies of the Group the 
consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of comprehensive income of 
IMMOFINANZ refer to the notes on classification by the Group:  
i) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s investment property and property under constructions. 
ii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s other tangible assets. 
iii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s trade and other receivables, income tax receivables and other 
financial assets. 
iv) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s accumulated other equity. 
v) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s trade and other payables. 
vi) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s bonds issued and liabilities from convertible bonds. 
vii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s other (financial) payables. 
viii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s current provisions and other non-financial liabilities. 
ix) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s other (financial) receivables. 
x) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s other (non-financial) receivables. 
xi) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s operating costs charged to tenants and other revenues. 
xii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s operating expenses. 
xiii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s expenses from investment property. 
xiv) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s revaluation result from standing investments and goodwill. 
xv) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s results of property sales. 
xvi) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s other operating expenses. 
xvii) 
Includes IMMOFINANZ´s foreign exchange differences and other financial results. 
xviii) 
Corresponds to IMMOFINANZ's results of asset maanagement.

--- Page 68 ---
56 
 
 
Notes on the pro forma adjustments to the pro-forma consolidated statement of financial position 
as at 31 December 2021 
The following pro forma acquisition adjustments have been made: 
(a) 
An elimination of equity accounted investees in respect of IMMOFINANZ’s shares held by the 
Group as at 31 December 2021 of EUR 534.2 million, net of a fair value adjustment of EUR 
14.6 million related to an internal revaluation of IMMOFINANZ’s equity accounted investees 
as at 31 December 2021. 
(b) 
An elimination of a full pre-acquisition goodwill of EUR 23.9 million (reported by 
IMMOFINANZ in the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2021), which was 
related to past acquisitions of IMMOFINANZ. 
(c) 
A recognition of non-controlling interest of EUR 1,593.5 million net of IMMOFINANZ pre-
acquisition negative non-controlling interest of EUR 32.9 million. 
(d) 
A recognition of a full deferred tax liability recognised as a result of purchase price allocation 
in accordance with IFRS 3. The deferred tax liability was increased by EUR 62.9 million based 
on internal deferred tax analysis.  
(e) 
An impact of conversion of IMMOFINANZ’s pre-acquisition convertible bonds to equity in 
February 2022 in amount of EUR 272.0 million. The adjustment was done for the full bonds 
conversion which occurred between 1 January 2022 and the acquisition date of 3 March 2022.  
(f) 
A fair value adjustment in respect of financial debts of EUR 10.5 million resulted from the 
revaluation as at 31 December 2021 based on internal calculations. 
(g) 
An elimination of IMMOFINANZ’s pre-acquisition share capital, capital reserves and other 
reserves of EUR 123.3 million, EUR 4,565.7 and EUR 190.1 million, respectively. 
(h) 
An elimination of IMMOFINANZ’s pre-acquisition negative retained earnings of EUR 1,115.3 
million, including bargain purchase of EUR 271.2 million as a result of provisional purchase 
price allocation according to IFRS 3. 
(i) 
A decrease of cash and cash equivalents due to the acquisition of IMMOFINANZ’s shares in 
March 2022 in total of EUR 1,132.9 million. The adjustment was done based on the Group's 
internal financial records.  
The following pro-forma adjustments in respect of financing of the acquisition have been made: 
(j) 
De-recognition of the investment property sold to finance the IMMOFINANZ acquisition in 
total amount of EUR 510.0 million in the first quarter of 2022. The adjustment was done based 
on the Group's internal financial records.  
(k) 
A net increase in the bonds issued of EUR 200 million in January 2022 and related increase in 
the other non-financial current assets of EUR 22.8 million due to issuance of the new shares. 
The adjustment was done based on the Group's internal financial records.  
(l) 
A net increase in the financial debts of EUR 825.3 million due to net drawing of a new bridge 
loan of EUR 1,025.3 million (initially drawn in the amount of EUR 1,145.3 million and 
subsequently partly repaid from proceeds from sales of investment property of EUR 120.0 
million) net of repayments of bank loans of EUR 200 million. The adjustment was done based 
on the Group's internal financial records.  
(m) 
A net increase in cash and cash equivalents of EUR 1,512.5 million in respect of sales of

--- Page 69 ---
57 
 
 
investment property of EUR 390.0 million, drawing of the new bridge loan of EUR 1,145.3 
million and issuance of the new bonds of EUR 177.2 million, partly off-set by repayments of 
bank loans of EUR 200.0 million. 
Notes on the pro forma adjustments to the pro forma consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income for the year ended 31 December 2021 
The following pro-forma adjustment has been made: 
(n) 
Bargain purchase of EUR 271.2 million resulting from the provisional purchase price allocation 
according to IFRS 3 was recognised within other operating income

--- Page 70 ---
58 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s Assurance Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Consolidated 
Financial Information included in a prospectus 
 
To the Board of Directors of 
CPI Property Group S.A. 
40, rue de la Vallée 
L-2661 Luxembourg 
 
We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of pro forma consolidated 
financial information of CPI Property Group S.A. (the "Company") by its Board of Directors. The pro 
forma consolidated financial information consists of the pro forma consolidated statement of financial 
position as at 31 December 2021 and pro forma consolidated statement of comprehensive income for 
the year then ended, and related pro forma notes. The applicable criteria on the basis of which the 
Company’s Board of Directors has compiled the pro forma consolidated financial information are 
specified in Annex 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EC) No 2019/980 and described in the pro 
forma notes.  
 
The pro forma consolidated financial information has been compiled by the Board of Directors to 
illustrate the impact of the business combination of CPI Property Group S.A. and Immofinanz AG set 
out in the “Principles used in the preparation” section of the pro forma consolidated financial information, 
as if the business combination had taken place as at 1 January 2021.  As part of this process, 
information about the Company’s financial position and financial performance have been extracted by 
the Company’s Board of Directors from the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of 31 
December 2021 and for the year then ended, on which an independent auditor’s report has been 
published, and from the consolidated financial statements of Immofinanz AG as of 31 December 2021, 
on which an independent auditor’s report has been published. 
The information about Immofinanz AG's financial position and financial performance as at 31 December 
2021 and for the year then ended, included in the pro forma consolidated financial information was 
audited by another auditor whose report dated 8 April 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
Accordingly, we do not accept any responsibility for financial information reported on by another auditor.  
Board of Directors’ Responsibility for the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information

--- Page 71 ---
59 
 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for compiling the pro forma consolidated financial information on 
the basis stated in the pro forma notes and that this basis is consistent with the accounting policies of 
CPI Property Group S.A.. 
 
Our Independence and Quality Control 
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including 
International Independence Standards), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, 
objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior. The firm 
applies International Standard on Quality Control 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and 
Reviews of Financial Statements, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements and 
accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements.  
 
Auditor’s responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion as required by Annex 20, Section 3 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EC) No 2019/980 about whether the pro forma consolidated financial information has 
been compiled, in all material respects, by the Board of Directors on the basis stated in the pro forma 
notes and whether this basis is consistent with the accounting policies of the Company.  
We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3420, Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information 
Included in a Prospectus, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. This 
standard requires that the auditor plans and performs procedures to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Board of Directors has complied, in all material respects, the pro forma consolidated 
financial information on the basis stated in the pro forma notes and whether this basis is consistent with 
the accounting policies of the Company. 
For purposes of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any reports or 
opinions on any historical financial information used in compiling the pro forma consolidated financial 
information, nor have we, in the course of this engagement, performed an audit or review of the financial 
information used in compiling the pro forma consolidated financial information.

--- Page 72 ---
60 
 
 
The purpose of pro forma consolidated financial information included in a prospectus is solely to 
illustrate the impact of a significant event or transaction on unadjusted financial information of the 
Company as if the event had occurred or the transaction had been undertaken at an earlier date 
selected for purposes of the illustration. Accordingly, we do not provide any assurance that the actual 
outcome of the event or transaction as at 1 January 2021 would have been as presented. 
A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the pro forma consolidated financial 
information has been compiled, in all material respects, on the basis of the applicable criteria involves 
performing procedures to assess whether the applicable criteria used by the Board of Directors in 
the compilation of the pro forma consolidated financial information provide a reasonable basis for 
presenting the significant effects directly attributable to the event or transaction, and to obtain sufficient 
appropriate evidence about whether: 
 
The related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those criteria; and 
 
The pro forma consolidated financial information reflects the proper application of those 
adjustments to the unadjusted financial information. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, having regard to the auditor’s 
understanding of the nature of the Company, the event or transaction in respect of which the pro 
forma consolidated 
financial 
information 
has 
been compiled, 
and 
other 
relevant engagement circumstances. 
The engagement also 
involves 
evaluating 
the 
overall 
presentation of the pro forma consolidated financial information. 
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
Opinion  
 
In our opinion, the pro forma consolidated financial information has been properly compiled on the basis 
stated in the pro forma notes and that basis is consistent with the accounting policies of the acquirer 
CPI Property Group S.A..   
Ernst & Young 
Société anonyme 
Cabinet de révision agréé

--- Page 73 ---
61 
 
 
Jesus Orozco, Partner 
 
 
 
 
 
Luxembourg 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg  
16 May 2022

--- Page 74 ---
63 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer and Registered Notes will be issued outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem, either upon 
issue or at any times during their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a 
like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series 
or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, 
to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of 
beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that 
purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer 
Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or

--- Page 75 ---
64 
 
 
for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For the purposes of the Senior 
Notes, Exchange Event means that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an Event of Default (as defined 
in Condition 10.1 (Events of Default) of the Senior Notes) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) in respect of the Senior Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be 
Condition 18 (Notices) of the Subordinated Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer 
Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(a Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes 
are to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may 
be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the 
Common Depositary of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the

--- Page 76 ---
65 
 
 
common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in 
Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the 
NSS, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended 
to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered 
Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any time during their life, as such recognition depends upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note 
held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Senior Notes) of the Senior Notes or, as the case may 
be, Condition 10.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes) of the Subordinated Notes) 
as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the 
Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Senior Notes) of 
the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 10.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Subordinated 
Notes) of the Subordinated Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For the purposes of the Senior Notes, Exchange Event means that (i) in respect of the 
Senior Notes an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing 
system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global 
Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to 
the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 18 (Notices) of the Subordinated Notes, 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 
10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest,

--- Page 77 ---
66 
 
 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
each case to the extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes), 
the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the 
further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which 
are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within 60 days, or (ii) is unable for any 
reason to do so, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, a new Base Prospectus or a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
67 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR THE SENIOR NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA [(UK MiFIR)]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
                                                    
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable".  
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. The 
legend is not required if there is no MiFID manufacturer.

--- Page 79 ---
68 
 
 
respect of the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR)][UK 
MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a distributor)][distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: The Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Senior Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5 
[Date] 
CPI PROPERTY GROUP 
 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 40, rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de 
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B102254 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 222100CO2ZOTEPGJO223 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes] 
under the  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.]6 The Base Prospectus has been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) / [the website of the Issuer ([www.cpipg.com])].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
                                                    
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. The 
legend is not required if there is no UK MiFIR manufacturer. 
5 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. To insert classification if the Senior Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products and Specified Investment Products. 
6 To be deleted if Notes are unlisted and/or Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 80 ---
69 
 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [18 September 2017 / 20 April 2018 / 30 May 2019 
/ 27 April 2020 / 12 May 2021] [and as amended in the supplement to it dated 21 December 2020 / 7 
January 2022], which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022 
[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information.  The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) / [the 
website of the Issuer ([www.cpipg.com])].] 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms. 
If the Senior Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. 
1. 
Issuer: 
CPI Property Group 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Senior Notes 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Senior Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Senior Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Senior Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [  ] below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)]
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent))
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being used

--- Page 81 ---
70 
 
 
the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Senior Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Senior Notes, for 
example Zero Coupon Senior Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
– Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
(a) 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] month EURIBOR +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
(b) 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Event: 
[Applicable – Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Event) shall apply to the Senior 
Notes /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Sustainability 
Performance Target 
GHG Emissions Intensity equal to or lower than 
[●] metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
emissions per square metre in respect of the SPT 
Reference Year specified below, subject to (i) 
adjustment in line with the Issuer's GHG 
Recalculation Policy and/or (ii) reduction if 
Science Based Targets Initiative approves, and 
notifies the Issuer of, a more ambitious target, 
all as provided in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Event)  
(ii) 
SPT Reference Year: 
[The 12 month period from and including 1 
January 20[●] to and including 31 December

--- Page 82 ---
71 
 
 
20[●]/[specify other 12 month period, if 
consistent with the applicable Sustainability 
Finance Framework]] 
(iii) 
Step Up Notification 
Deadline: 
[specify long-stop date, expected to be no later 
than 30 April in the year following the SPT 
Reference Year] 
(iv) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Margin: 
[●] per cent. per annum  
(v) 
Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Date:   
[The Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Sustainability-
Linked 
Step 
Up 
Event]
[The Interest Payment Date immediately prior 
to the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Event] 
[specify a calendar date if preferred]] 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Senior Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. 
of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 
and 
15 
below 
and 
identify 
there][Not 
Applicable]
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Redemption upon a Substantial Repurchase 
Event] 
 
[(see 
paragraph 
[18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] 
below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
Senior 
(b) 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Senior 
Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Senior Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date [(subject to

--- Page 83 ---
72 
 
 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) if a 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event occurs)] 
(include proviso where Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Event is specified as applicable in 
paragraph 9(b)) 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year from and including [         ] 
up to and including the Maturity Date
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Senior Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Senior Notes 
in global form see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount [(subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.5 
(Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) if a 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event occurs)] 
(include proviso where Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Event is specified as applicable in 
paragraph 9(b)) 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Senior 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Senior Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[         ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon)
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
 
[[ ] per cent. per annum]  
 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
73 
 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s):
[         ]
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate:
[         ] month EURIBOR 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[         ] 
 
The second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if EURIBOR 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page:
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity:
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to 
ISDA Determination under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions are reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR 
which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time)
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using linear interpolation as

--- Page 85 ---
74 
 
 
set out in Condition 5.2(e) (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling)
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
(m) 
Step Up Rating Change and/or 
Step Down Rating Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Step Up Margin: 
 
[[ ] per cent. per annum]
16. 
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[         ]
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
[Make-whole Amount (to which the provisions 
of Condition 7.3(b) shall apply)] (include 
reference 
to 
Condition 
7.3(b) 
where

--- Page 86 ---
75 
 
 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event is specified 
as applicable in paragraph 9(b)). 
(A) 
Reference Bond: 
[         ] 
(B) 
Redemption Margin: 
[         ] 
(C) 
Quotation Time:
[         ]
(D) 
MWC Cut-off Date: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] (specify end date for the 
relevant period for the purposes of Condition 
7.3(b); include only where Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Event is specified as applicable 
in paragraph 9(b) and the Optional Redemption 
Amount is the Make-whole Amount) 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
Maximum period: [         ] days
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.) 
 
19. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a) 
Maturity Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [ ] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 87 ---
76 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [         ] days 
 
Maximum period: [         ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Redemption 
upon 
a 
Substantial 
Repurchase Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Substantial 
Repurchase 
Threshold 
Amount: 
 
[         ] per cent. 
 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount - specify for 
Senior Notes other than Zero Coupon Senior 
Notes] [Condition 7.8(b) applies – specify for 
Zero Coupon Senior Notes] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES 
25. 
Form of Senior Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Senior Notes: 
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Senior Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Senior Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date]

--- Page 88 ---
77 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Senior Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Senior Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Senior Notes to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Senior Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Notes should not be expressed to be applicable 
if the Specified Denomination of the Senior 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].".) 
 
[Registered Senior Notes: 
 
[Global Senior Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 
15(c) relates)
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Senior Notes (Senior Notes 
in bearer form only): 
[Yes, as the Senior Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of CPI Property Group:
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 89 ---
78 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market/the regulated market of the PSE] and 
listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin/the regulated market of the PSE] with 
effect from [         ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Senior Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market/the regulated market of the 
PSE] and listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin/the regulated market of the PSE] with 
effect from [         ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Senior Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[         ][N/A] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Senior Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Senior Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
[[Defined term] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) [(the EU 
CRA Regulation)].] 
[[Defined term] is not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the 
Senior Notes is endorsed by [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity], 
which is established in the European Union and 
registered under [the EU CRA Regulation] 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
[(the EU CRA Regulation)]].]

--- Page 90 ---
79 
 
 
[[Defined term] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under [the EU CRA Regulation] 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation)], but it is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and it 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation.]   
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Senior Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
- Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Senior 
Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Green 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds of the Offer: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Senior Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.

--- Page 91 ---
80 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Centrální depozitář cenných papírů, a.s., 
Identification No.: 25081489, with its registered 
office at Rybná 14, Staré Město, 110 05 Prague 
1 
(the 
Czech 
Central 
Depositary)/Not 
Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Senior Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for 
Registered Senior Notes which are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Senior Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Senior Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Senior Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

--- Page 92 ---
81 
 
 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered 
Senior Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]]
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If Senior Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If Senior Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)

--- Page 93 ---
82 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA [(UK MiFIR)]. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Subordinated Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 7 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Subordinated Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
                                                    
7 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. The 
legend is not required if there is no MiFID manufacturer.

--- Page 94 ---
83 
 
 
Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in UK MiFIR; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Subordinated Notes (a distributor)][distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]8 
 
[Singapore SFA Product Classification: The Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Subordinated Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]9 
 [Date] 
CPI PROPERTY GROUP 
 
a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 40, rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de 
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B102254 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 222100CO2ZOTEPGJO223 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] 
under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information.]10 The Base Prospectus has been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) / [the website of the Issuer ([www.cpipg.com])].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [18 September 2017 / 20 April 2018 / 30 May 2019 
/ 27 April 2020 [and as amended in the supplement to it dated 21 December 2020], which are 
                                                    
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. The 
legend is not required if there is no UK MiFIR manufacturer. 
9 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. To insert classification if the Subordinated Notes are capital market products other than prescribed 
capital market products and Specified Investment Products.  
10 To be deleted if Notes are unlisted and/or Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market.

--- Page 95 ---
84 
 
 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) /[the website of the Issuer 
([www.cpipg.com])].] 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms. 
1. 
Issuer: 
CPI Property Group 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number:
[         ]
(c) 
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Subordinated Notes will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 
days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Subordinated Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Subordinated 
Note, as referred to in paragraph [   ] below, 
which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[         ]
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent))
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are being used 
the following sample wording should be 
followed:

--- Page 96 ---
85 
 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Subordinated Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify/Undated] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[        ] per cent. Fixed Rate until [  ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph [13] 
below 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. 
of their nominal amount][Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
'Not 
Applicable' 
for 
Undated 
Subordinated Notes)
11. 
Call Options: 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Redemption upon a Tax Deduction Event] 
[Redemption upon a Capital Event] 
[Redemption upon an Accounting Event] 
[Redemption upon a Substantial Repurchase 
Event] 
[Redemption for Change of Control Event] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
[Dated/Undated] Subordinated Notes 
(b) 
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Subordinated Notes 
obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Subordinated Notes)

--- Page 97 ---
86 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
First Fixed Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year from and including [         ] 
[up to and including the Maturity Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Subordinated Notes in global 
form see Conditions) and in 
respect of the period from (and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form 
(and 
in 
relation 
to 
Subordinated Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling on [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Actual/365 
(Fixed)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or (if applicable) maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
 
[         ]
(h) 
Reset Date(s): 
 
[The First Reset Date and each date falling on the 
[           ] anniversary of the First Reset Date]/[   
] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate(s) and Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond/Singapore Dollar Swap 
Offer Rate] 
(Mid Swaps may only be specified where the 
Specified Currency is euros)

--- Page 98 ---
87 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: [         ] 
(j) 
Margin: 
[In respect of (a) the Reset Period ending on (but 
excluding) [ ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread] per 
cent.; (b) each Reset Period which falls in the 
period commencing on (and including) [ ] 20[ ] 
and ending on (but excluding) [  ] 20[ ], [the 
initial credit spread plus [ ] bps] per cent.; and 
(c) each Reset Period which falls on or after [  ] 
20[  ], [the initial credit spread plus [ ] bps] per 
cent.]/[         ] 
(k) 
Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate Screen Page: 
[         ] 
(l) 
Mid Swap Maturity: 
 
[         ] 
(m) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
 
[         ] 
(n) 
Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate Time:
 
[         ] 
(o) 
Step Up after Change of Control 
Event: 
Applicable 
(p) 
Step Up Margin after Change of 
Control Event: 
 
5 per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
14. 
 
 
(a) 
Issuer Call: 
Applicable 
(In the case of Undated Subordinated Notes and 
for purposes of Luxembourg law, provide for (i) 
the first Optional Redemption Date to fall no 
later than the tenth anniversary of the Issue Date 
and (ii) further Optional Redemption Dates to 
fall at least annually thereafter) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Par call: 
[Any day falling from (and including) [                 ] 
up to (but excluding)]/[T/t]he First Reset Date] 
[and 
any 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
thereafter][specify other] [Not Applicable] 
Make-whole call: 
[Any day other than the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) specified under "Par call" above] 
[Specify other] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
88 
 
 
(Make whole call may only be specified for 
Undated Subordinated Notes in conjunction with 
a Par call, for the purposes of the Remaining 
Term Date, as defined in Condition 6.2)  
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
Par call: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount in respect of each 
Optional Redemption Date specified under "Par 
call" above)] [Not Applicable] 
Make-whole call: 
[Make-whole Amount in respect of each 
Optional Redemption Date specified under 
"Make-whole call" above] [Not Applicable] (If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Reference 
Bond: 
[              ] 
(B) 
Redemption 
Margin:
[              ] 
(C) 
Quotation 
Time: 
[              ] 
(b) 
Redemption 
upon 
a 
Tax 
Deduction Event: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Redemption upon a Capital 
Event:
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Capital Rating Agency: 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited] 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] 
(d) 
Redemption 
upon 
an 
Accounting Event: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Redemption upon a Substantial 
Repurchase Event: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Substantial Repurchase 
Threshold Amount: 
 
[         ] per cent. 
(f) 
Redemption for Change of 
Control Event: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[The following text does not form part of the 
Conditions: The Issuer intends (without thereby 
assuming a legal or contractual obligation) that 
for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, if (i) 
a Change of Control Event occurs and (ii) the

--- Page 100 ---
89 
 
 
Issuer elects to redeem the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6.8 (Redemption for Change of 
Control Event), it will launch a tender offer for 
all outstanding unsubordinated debt securities 
(which do not contain a contractual right of the 
holders of such debt securities for such securities 
to be redeemed or repurchased as a result of the 
events giving rise to the Change of Control 
Event) at a price equal to not less than their 
aggregate principal amount plus accrued and 
unpaid 
interest 
as 
soon 
as 
reasonably 
practicable following such event. The Issuer also 
intends (without thereby assuming a legal or 
contractual obligation) to launch such tender 
offer in such a way as to ensure that the 
repurchase 
of 
any 
unsubordinated 
debt 
securities tendered to it will be effected prior to 
any redemption of the Notes pursuant to 
Condition 6.8 (Redemption for Change of 
Control Event).] 
15. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
16. 
Form of Subordinated Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Subordinated Notes: [Temporary Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
a 
Permanent Global Subordinated Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event.]
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date]
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Subordinated 
Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Subordinated Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Subordinated Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Subordinated Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000].".) 
 
[Registered Subordinated Notes:

--- Page 101 ---
90 
 
 
 
[Global Subordinated Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
No 
17. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment) 
18. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to 
Definitive 
Subordinated 
Notes 
(Subordinated Notes in bearer form 
only):
[Yes, as the Subordinated Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, Talons may be required if, 
on exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No]
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of CPI Property Group: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 102 ---
91 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market/the regulated market of the 
PSE] and listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin/the regulated market of the PSE] with 
effect from [         ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market/the regulated market of the 
PSE] and listing on [the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin/the regulated market of the PSE] with 
effect from [         ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Subordinated Notes are 
already admitted to trading.) 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[         ][N/A] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
[[Defined term] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) [(the EU 
CRA Regulation)].] 
[[Defined term] is not established in the 
European Union but the rating it has given to the 
Subordinated Notes is endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity], which is established in the European 
Union and registered under [the EU CRA 
Regulation] [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) [(the EU CRA Regulation)]].]

--- Page 103 ---
92 
 
 
[[Defined term] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for 
registration under [the EU CRA Regulation] 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the EU CRA Regulation)], but it is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and it 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation.]    
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Subordinated Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Replacement Intention: 
For the avoidance of any doubt, the following 
text does not form part of the Conditions: Unless 
(a) the rating assigned by S&P to the Issuer is the 
same as or higher than the long-term corporate 
credit rating assigned to the Issuer as at the date 
when the most recent additional hybrid security 
was issued (excluding refinancings) and the 
Issuer is of the view that such rating would not 
fall below this level as a result of such 
redemption 
or 
repurchase; 
or 
(b) 
the 
Subordinated Notes are not assigned an "equity 
credit" (or such similar nomenclature then used 
by S&P), at the time of such redemption or 
repurchase; or (c) in the case of a repurchase, 
such repurchase is in an amount necessary to 
allow the Issuer's aggregate principal amount of 
hybrid capital remaining outstanding after such 
repurchase to remain below the maximum 
aggregate principal amount of hybrid capital to 
which S&P would assign equity content under its 
prevailing methodology, the Issuer intends 
(without thereby assuming a legal obligation), 
during the period from and including the issue 
date of the Subordinated Notes to but excluding 
the Reset Date falling on [insert the date that is 
the twentieth anniversary of the First Reset 
Date], in the event of: 
(a) 
an early redemption of the Subordinated 
Notes pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Issuer's 
Call Option) of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(b) 
a repurchase of the Subordinated Notes 
taken together with repurchases of other 
hybrid securities of the Issuer (as the case

--- Page 104 ---
93 
 
 
may be) of more than (a) [  ] per cent. of 
the aggregate principal amount of the 
Issuer's outstanding hybrid securities in 
any period of 12 consecutive months or (b) 
[  ] per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Issuer's outstanding hybrid 
securities in any period of ten consecutive 
years[ provided that, in each case, such 
repurchase has no materially negative 
effect on the Issuer's credit profile], 
to redeem or repurchase such Subordinated 
Notes only to the extent that such part of the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant 
Subordinated 
Notes 
to 
be 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased as was characterised as equity by 
S&P at the time of their issuance (but taking into 
account 
any 
changes 
in 
hybrid 
capital 
methodology or another relevant methodology or 
the interpretation thereof since the issuance of 
the Subordinated Notes) does not exceed such 
part of the net proceeds which is received by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer prior to or 
on the date of such redemption or repurchase 
from the sale or issuance by the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Issuer to third party purchasers 
(other than Subsidiaries of the Issuer) of 
securities as is characterised by S&P, at the time 
of sale or issuance, as equity, such that the 
replacement securities represent an aggregate 
amount of S&P equity credit that is at least equal 
to the aggregate amount of equity credit assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes by S&P that are to be 
redeemed or repurchased at such time.] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Subordinated Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests.]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 105 ---
94 
 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Senior 
Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes.] 
[The Notes are intended to be issued as Green 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.) 
Estimated net proceeds of the Offer:
[         ]
5. 
YIELD
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date for the 
period until the First Reset Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Centrální depozitář cenných papírů, a.s., 
Identification No.: 25081489, with its registered 
office at Rybná 14, Staré Město, 110 05 Prague 
1 
(the 
Czech 
Central 
Depositary)/[Not 
Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[         ]

--- Page 106 ---
95 
 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
Applicable 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
Applicable 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)

--- Page 107 ---
96 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Senior Note (as defined below) and each definitive Senior Note, in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Senior 
Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Senior 
Note and definitive Senior Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a 
description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Senior Notes. 
This Senior Note is one of a Series of Senior Notes issued by CPI Property Group, a société anonyme 
with its registered office at 40, rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg and registered with the Register 
of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under number B102254 (the Issuer) constituted by an 
Amended and Restated Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 18 May 2022 made between the Issuer and HSBC Corporate 
Trustee Company (UK) Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the Senior Notes shall be references to the Senior Notes of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a global Senior Note (a Global Senior Note), 
units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Senior Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Senior Notes in bearer form (Bearer Senior Notes) issued in exchange for a 
Global Senior Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Senior Notes in registered form (Registered Senior Notes) (whether or not issued 
in exchange for a Global Senior Note in registered form). 
The Senior Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and Restated 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 12 May 2021 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, 
HSBC Bank plc as issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression 
shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents) and HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include 
any successor registrar) and as transfer agent (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents 
and the other Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Senior Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note. Interest 
bearing definitive Bearer Senior Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, 
talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.

--- Page 108 ---
97 
 
 
Registered Senior Notes and Global Senior Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes) the holders of the Senior Notes and (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) the persons 
in whose name the Senior Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Senior Notes represented by 
a Global Senior Note, be construed as provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the 
Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Senior Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Senior Notes together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of Senior Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee and at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. Electronic versions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement can be obtained upon 
written electronic request of the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent (for the purposes of which 
their respective addresses are ctla.trustee.admin@hsbc.com and ctlondon.conventional@hsbc.com). If 
the Senior Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin: https://live.euronext.com/. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice 
of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Senior Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of definitive Senior Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Senior Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Senior Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Senior Notes may not be 
exchanged for Registered Senior Notes and vice versa. 
This Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, a Floating Rate Senior Note, a Zero Coupon 
Senior Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 109 ---
98 
 
 
Definitive Bearer Senior Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Senior Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are 
not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Senior Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Senior Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Senior Note or Coupon and 
the registered holder of any Registered Senior Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Senior Note, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Senior Notes is represented by a Global Senior Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of such Senior Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such 
Senior Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Senior Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Senior 
Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Senior Note or the registered 
holder of the relevant Registered Global Senior Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee 
and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Senior Notes in accordance with 
and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Senior Note and the expressions Noteholder 
and holder of Senior Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Senior 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence 
and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all concerned. 
Senior Notes which are represented by a Global Senior Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SENIOR NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Senior Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Senior Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Senior Note will, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for 
Senior Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Senior 
Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 110 ---
99 
 
 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Senior Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Senior Note in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender 
the Registered Senior Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Senior Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Senior Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with 
the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the 
identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the 
initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 2 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to 
comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or 
procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk 
of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Senior Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered 
Senior Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Senior Note) transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Senior Note in definitive form, a new Registered Senior 
Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Senior Note not transferred 
will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Senior Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Senior Note, 
or part of a Registered Senior Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
2.5 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred 
by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will 
not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest, including without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction (which,

--- Page 111 ---
100 
 
 
for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include a guarantee, suretyship or indemnity, or a similar 
undertaking under the laws of any jurisdiction to reimburse loss or damage) (each a Security 
Interest), other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon, or with respect to, any of the present 
or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital), to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries, unless 
the Issuer, in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Senior Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are 
secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness to 
the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving 
of a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion 
deems not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is 
approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the 
Noteholders. 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture 
stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are capable of being, quoted, 
listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, 
and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness, excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) incurred in respect of loans or facilities (which are not in the form 
specified in (i) and (ii)) to finance the ordinary course activities of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries. 
Permitted Security Interest means (A) a Security Interest in respect of notes or bonds 
denominated in CZK only (Secured CZK Notes) provided that (X) the aggregate principal 
amount of Secured CZK Notes outstanding at any time shall not exceed the equivalent of EUR 
300 million, and (Y) the aggregate principal amount of Secured CZK Notes outstanding under 
any single series at any time shall not exceed the equivalent of EUR 200 million (in each case, 
calculated based on the relevant official central bank currency exchange rate in effect on the 
date of determination thereof) and further provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Secured CZK Notes which are outstanding as of the issue date of the Senior Notes shall not be 
a Permitted Security Interest except to the extent that the requirements of this sub-paragraph 
(A) are satisfied in respect thereof and (B) a Security Interest on the undertaking or assets of a 
company acquired by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries after the Issue Date, provided that 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured by such Security Interest has not been increased in contemplation of or since 
such acquisition. 
Subsidiary means in relation to any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other 
person (the second person): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power to control, whether by 
ownership or share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person.

--- Page 112 ---
101 
 
 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Financial Covenants 
So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer undertakes that: 
(a) 
the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 0.60 on any Measurement Date; 
(b) 
the Consolidated Coverage Ratio shall be at least 1.90 on any Measurement Date; and 
(c) 
the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 0.45 on any Measurement 
Date, save that the Issuer shall not be in breach of this Condition 4.1(c) if, on no more 
than two consecutive Measurement Dates, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio is 
greater than 0.45 but does not exceed 0.50. 
The Issuer shall engage an external, reputable independent valuation company and/or real estate 
consultant, having an appropriately recognised professional qualification and recent experience 
in the respective locations and categories of real estate assets being valued, to value at least 90 
per cent. (by market valuation) of the Group's standing investments and land at least once per 
calendar year (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include a company or consultant meeting 
such criteria and which is engaged to value the Group's standing investments and land for 
purposes of its IFRS financial statements). 
The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event that 
any of the undertakings in this Condition 4.1 is breached at any time. 
For so long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will deliver a certificate to the 
Trustee on each Reporting Date signed by two duly Authorised Signatories (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Issuer, certifying that the Issuer is and has been in compliance with the 
undertakings set out in this Condition 4.1 at all times during the relevant period. Such certificate 
may be relied on by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the 
Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
4.2 
Equity Cure 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Condition 4.2, in the event that the Issuer fails to 
comply, or would otherwise fail to comply, with any of its obligations under 
subparagraph (a) and (c) of Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants), the Issuer shall have 
the right, and may elect by written notice to the Trustee (in accordance with paragraph 
(b) below), to cure an actual or anticipated breach of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio 
or the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio in Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants) by 
applying net amounts received in respect of any new equity issued by the Issuer and/or 
Subordinated Shareholder Debt received by the Issuer to remedy any actual or 
anticipated non-compliance and by having such amounts included in the calculation or 
recalculation of the financial covenant contained in Condition 4.1 (Financial 
Covenants) subparagraph (a) and (c). 
(b) 
A notice to the Trustee under paragraph (a) above will not be regarded as having been 
delivered unless: 
(A) 
it is signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer and delivered before 
the date which is 30 Business Days after the applicable Reporting Date on 
which the compliance certificate for the calendar year to which the non-
compliance relates would have been required to be delivered pursuant to 
Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants);

--- Page 113 ---
102 
 
 
(B) 
it certifies the aggregate amounts received by the Issuer in respect of any equity 
issued by the Issuer and/or Subordinated Shareholder Debt; 
(C) 
it specifies the calendar year to which the non-compliance relates and in 
relation to which the equity issued by the Issuer and/or Subordinated 
Shareholder Debt is to be applied; and 
(D) 
if the Issuer makes an election under paragraph (a) above during the period of 
30 Business Days after the Reporting Date on which the compliance certificate 
for the calendar year to which the non-compliance relates would have been 
required to be delivered pursuant to Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants), it is 
accompanied by a revised compliance certificate indicating compliance with 
the ratios in Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants) after taking into account the 
amounts used to remedy the non-compliance. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2, the net amounts received in cash in respect of 
any equity issued by the Issuer and/or Subordinated Shareholder Debt shall be deemed 
to be received on the Measurement Date in respect of which they are to be taken into 
account to remedy the non-compliance with any ratios set out in Condition 4.1 
(Financial Covenants). 
(d) 
If, after giving effect to the recalculation referred to in the paragraphs above, the 
financial covenants are complied with, the Issuer shall be deemed to have satisfied the 
requirements of Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants) as of the relevant Measurement 
Date as though there had been no failure to comply with such obligations, and the 
applicable breach shall be deemed to have been cured for the purposes hereof. 
4.3 
Payment of dividends 
The Issuer and its Subsidiaries may pay dividends at any time provided that, in the case of 
dividends paid by the Issuer, no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in 
the Trust Deed) has occurred and is continuing at the time of, or would result following, the 
payment of such dividend by the Issuer. 
4.4 
Financial reporting 
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee: 
(a) 
not later than six months after the end of the Issuer's financial year, copies or the 
electronic versions of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for 
such financial year, prepared in accordance with IFRS and applicable Luxembourg law, 
consistently applied, and accompanied by the report of the independent auditors of the 
Issuer thereon; 
(b) 
not later than 120 days after the end of the semi-annual period, copies or the electronic 
versions of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for 
such semi-annual period, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 consistently applied; and 
(c) 
in the case of every other item referred to below, not later than 20 days after their initial 
distribution to any of the persons referred to below, three copies in English of every 
statement of financial position, statement of income and, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, every report or other notice, statement or circular issued, or which 
legally should be issued, to the members or holders of securities (generally) of the 
Issuer or any holding company thereof generally in their capacity as such; provided

--- Page 114 ---
103 
 
 
that, in case of this subparagraph (c), if such other item is published on the Issuer's 
website, no such delivery is required.  
In these Conditions: 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means the consolidated profit/(loss) of the Issuer before 
taxes, depreciation, amortisation, impairments and change in provisions and excluding any 
revaluation changes, financial income and financial expenses, net result on acquisitions and 
disposals and any other exceptional non-recurring and non-cash items, as determined by 
reference to the most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual, as the case may be, 
consolidated statements of comprehensive income of the Issuer, and including, since 31 March 
2020, the Issuer's proportionate share of EBITDA of equity accounted investees, as determined 
by the most recent audited or unaudited semi-annual, as the case may be, consolidated income 
statement of such equity accounted investees. 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, (i) the aggregate 
amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the period of the most recent two consecutive 
semi-annual periods ending on such Measurement Date divided by (ii) the Consolidated Net 
Interest Expense for such two semi-annual periods. 
Consolidated Net Interest Expense means, for any period, all charges, interest, commission, 
fees, discounts, premiums and other finance costs in respect of Indebtedness (but excluding 
such interest on Subordinated Shareholder Debt) incurred by the Group, less total interest 
income received by the Group, each as shown in the most recent consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case 
may be) financial statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS or IAS 34, as 
applicable.  
Consolidated Leverage Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, the Consolidated 
Total Indebtedness divided by Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets. 
Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio means, in respect of any Measurement Date, the 
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness divided by Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets. 
Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets means the total assets (excluding intangible assets and 
goodwill) of the Group as shown in the most recent consolidated statement of financial position 
of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case may be) financial 
statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS or IAS 34, as applicable. 
Consolidated Total Indebtedness means the total Indebtedness of the Group (excluding 
deferred tax liabilities) as determined by reference to the most recent consolidated statement of 
financial position of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case may 
be) financial statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS or IAS 34, as 
applicable. 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
IAS means International Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board; 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union, 
including International Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time);

--- Page 115 ---
104 
 
 
Indebtedness means, with respect to any person at any date of determination (without 
duplication) any debt of such person (excluding Subordinated Shareholder Debt), including: 
(a) 
all indebtedness of such person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(b) 
all obligations of such person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar 
instruments; 
(c) 
all obligations of such person in respect of letters of credit or other similar instruments 
(including reimbursement obligations with respect thereto, except to the extent any 
such reimbursement obligations relate to trade payables); 
(d) 
all obligations of such person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property, 
assets or services which purchase price is due more than 90 days after the earlier of the 
date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and title thereof or the 
completion of such services excluding: 
(i) 
any trade payables or other liability to trade creditors; and 
(ii) 
any post-closing payment adjustments in connection with the purchase by the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer of any business to which the seller may 
become entitled, to the extent such payment is determined by a final closing 
balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business 
after the closing and provided that (x) the amount of any such payment is not 
determinable at the time of closing and, (y) to the extent such payment 
thereafter becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid within 90 days 
thereafter; 
(e) 
all capitalised lease obligations of such person, to the extent treated as indebtedness in 
the financial statements of such person under IFRS; 
(f) 
all obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (a) to (e) of other persons guaranteed 
by such person to the extent such obligation is guaranteed by such person; and 
(g) 
any obligations of the type referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f), where a Security Interest 
has been granted over any asset of such person (including where the underlying 
obligation has been assumed by a third party). The amount of such obligation shall be 
deemed to be the lesser of: (i) the book value of such asset as shown in the most recent 
audited annual or unaudited semi-annual financial statements of such person and (ii) 
the amount of the obligation so secured, 
always provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, indebtedness in respect of any non-
speculative derivative transactions entered into in connection with protection against 
fluctuations in any rate or price shall not be deemed to be Indebtedness for the purpose of these 
Conditions. 
For the purpose of determining the euro-equivalent of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign 
currency, the euro-equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness pursuant thereto shall be 
calculated based on the relevant official central bank currency exchange rate in effect on the 
date of determination thereof. 
The amount of Indebtedness of any person at any date shall be the outstanding balance at such 
date of all unconditional obligations as described above provided that (i) with respect to 
contingent obligations as described above, the amount of Indebtedness will be the value of the 
contingency, if any, giving rise to the obligation as reported on the balance sheet in that person's

--- Page 116 ---
105 
 
 
financial statements and (ii) in the case of Indebtedness sold at a discount, the amount of such 
Indebtedness at any time will be the accreted value thereof at such time; 
Measurement Date means each day which is (i) the last day of the Issuer's financial year in 
any year (the Annual Measurement Date) or (ii) the last day of the first half of the Issuer's 
financial year in any year (the Semi-Annual Measurement Date). 
Reporting Date means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the 
Group's audited annual consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with IFRS, 
with respect to an Annual Measurement Date, or (ii) the publication of the Group's unaudited 
condensed semi-annual consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, 
with respect to a Semi-Annual Measurement Date.  
Secured Consolidated Total Indebtedness means such amount of Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness that is secured by a Security Interest granted by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer.  
Subordinated Shareholder Debt means Indebtedness of the Issuer directly or indirectly held 
by one or more of its shareholders; provided that such Indebtedness (and any security into which 
such Indebtedness is convertible or for which it is exchangeable at the option of the holder) (i) 
does not mature or require any amortisation, redemption or other repayment of principal or any 
sinking fund payment prior to the first anniversary of the stated final maturity of the Senior 
Notes, (ii) does not pay cash interest, (iii) contains no change of control provisions and has no 
right to declare a default or event of default or take any enforcement action prior to the first 
anniversary of the stated final maturity of the Senior Notes, (iv) is unsecured and (v) is fully 
subordinated and junior in right of payment to the Senior Notes. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Senior Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount 
to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be 
calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Senior 
Note or (ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note 
or (B) such Registered Notes; or

--- Page 117 ---
106 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes 
which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Senior Note which is a Bearer Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Senior Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Senior Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
(i) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360; and 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Accrual Period divided by 365. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 118 ---
107 
 
 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 119 ---
108 
 
 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; 
and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Senior Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as 
defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as of the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of Senior Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 120 ---
109 
 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as of 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as of the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 121 ---
110 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount 
of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Senior Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are represented by a Global Senior 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Notes represented by 
such Global Senior Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Senior Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Senior Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap 
year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 122 ---
111 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 123 ---
112 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where linear interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the Issuer, in consultation with 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either 
case, an applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as 
defined and as further described below) no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Senior Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any 
other future Interest Period(s));

--- Page 124 ---
113 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iv)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant 82 component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the subsequent further 
operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided 
in Condition 5.2(f)(iv)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to 
the further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); 
(iii) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) or, in either case, applicable Adjustment Spread is determined 
pursuant to this provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Original 
Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of 
Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions 
provided elsewhere in these Conditions will continue to apply to such determination. 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
5.2(f)(ii), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as 
a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)) which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.2(f); 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(vi), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(vi), the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall 
(at the Issuer’s expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent or

--- Page 125 ---
114 
 
 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Trust Deed (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions and the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof, provided that none of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall be obliged so to concur if in its sole 
opinion doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the 
protective provisions afforded to it in the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the 
Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or 
supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(f), if, in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion, there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of 
action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5.2(f), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which 
alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided 
with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination 
for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor (as the case 
may be) thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent shall be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred 
or have any liability in respect thereof. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
or by which the Senior Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other 
party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.2(f). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.2(f); 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above.

--- Page 126 ---
115 
 
 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to 
the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.2(f), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will continue to 
apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if 
applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(vi).  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case 
of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines to 
be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines in accordance 
with Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Senior Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate;

--- Page 127 ---
116 
 
 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(v); 
Benchmark Event means:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i);  
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (d)(i); 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i) above;  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if 
applicable); or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense and approved in writing by the Trustee. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
5.2(f); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate or, where a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(ii), such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Senior Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate:

--- Page 128 ---
117 
 
 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the other 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Senior Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Senior Note, that part only 
of such Senior Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Senior Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 129 ---
118 
 
 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Senior Notes and Floating Rate Senior 
Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Senior 
Notes shall apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Senior Notes will be subject to adjustment from 
time to time in the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating 
Change, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Subject to (d) and (h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment Date falling 
on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes) 
payable on the Senior Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to (d) and (h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change following a 
Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest Payment Date 
falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in 
the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Senior 
Notes) payable on the Senior Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to 
the initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes) or the initial Margin 
(in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur 
during the same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes) or the 
same Interest Period (in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes), the Rate of Interest 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Senior Notes) on the Senior Notes shall be neither increased nor decreased as a result 
of either such event. 
(e) 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior 
unsecured long-term debt from Moody's and, if an additional Rating Agency is 
appointed to rate the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt by or with the consent of 
the Issuer, such additional Rating Agency. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, 
any Rating Agency fails or ceases to assign a credit rating to the Issuer's senior 
unsecured long-term debt, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a credit 
rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt from a Substitute Rating Agency approved 
(other than in the case of S&P or Fitch) by the Trustee (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed), and references herein to such Rating Agency or the 
credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may be, 
the equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in accordance with 
the remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down 
Rating Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Senior Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes) payable 
on the Senior Notes pursuant to this Condition 5.4 to be notified to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent and (in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) the 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such Step Up 
Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth London 
Business Day thereafter. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those 
which are described in this Condition or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating

--- Page 130 ---
119 
 
 
Agency other than S&P or Fitch, the Issuer shall determine, with the prior approval of 
the Trustee (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating designations of 
such Substitute Rating Agency as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations 
of the existing Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the 
number of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the 
term of the Senior Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Senior Notes 
will the Rate of Interest be (i) less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the 
initial Rate of Interest plus the Step Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
Rating Agency, Fitch, Moody's, S&P and Substitute Rating Agency have the 
meanings given to such terms in Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)); 
Step Down Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of the Issuer, 
after a Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured 
long-term debt is at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- 
in the case of S&P and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any further increase in the credit rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt 
above Baa3 in the case of Moody's and, if applicable, at least BBB- in the case of S&P 
and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch shall not constitute a further Step Down Rating 
Change; 
Step Up Margin means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
Step Up Rating Change means the first public announcement by Moody's or, if 
applicable, any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of the Issuer of 
a decrease in the credit rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt to below 
Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) or below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below BBB- (in 
the case of Fitch). For the avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating 
of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt below Baa3 in the case of Moody's or, 
if applicable, below BBB- in the case of S&P or below BBB- in the case of Fitch shall 
not constitute a further Step Up Rating Change. 
5.5 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event 
If Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Senior Notes (such Senior 
Notes being referred to as Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes) shall apply:  
(i) 
If a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event occurs, the Rate of Interest accruing from and 
including the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Date shall automatically be increased by 
the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin. Where the Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as a date falling prior to the occurrence 
of a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event, such increase shall be deemed to have 
applied since the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Date notwithstanding that such date 
falls prior to the occurrence of the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event (and the 
amount of interest payable on the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
occurrence of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event shall therefore be 
determined on the basis of the Rate of Interest plus the Sustainability-Linked Step Up

--- Page 131 ---
120 
 
 
Margin, with such rate having been applicable for the entirety of such period). For the 
avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in 
respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes as a result of a 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event, and will not subsequently decrease thereafter.  
(ii) 
If a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event occurs, the Issuer shall give notice thereof to 
the holders of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), to the Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the occurrence of the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event, and 
in any event by no later than the Step Up Notification Deadline. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall include details of the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event, the 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin and the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Date. 
(iii) 
For each financial year ending on 31 December from and including the financial year 
during which the Issue Date (of the first Tranche of the relevant Series) of any 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes falls, up to and including the SPT Reference Year 
in respect of such Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, the Issuer will publish and 
maintain on its website a Sustainability Performance Report (each such report, a 
Sustainability Performance Report), which shall disclose the GHG Emissions 
Intensity of the Group in respect of each such year, as determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Sustainability Finance Framework and the Conditions, and which 
report shall also disclose in reasonable detail (i) any assets or operations of the Group 
which are excluded from the calculations of the Group's GHG Emissions Intensity and 
(ii) any adjustment made to the Sustainability Performance Target since the previous 
Sustainability Performance Report as a result of the application of Condition 5.5(v) or 
(vi) below. Each such Sustainability Performance Report shall include or be 
accompanied by a limited assurance report issued by the External Verifier (a Limited 
Assurance Report). Each Sustainability Performance Report and related Limited 
Assurance Report will be published together with the Issuer's audited consolidated 
financial statements for the relevant year and the independent auditor's report thereon 
and may form part of the Issuer's annual management report in respect of the relevant 
financial year; provided that if and to the extent that the Issuer determines that 
additional time will be required to complete the relevant Sustainability Performance 
Report and/or related Limited Assurance Report, then such Sustainability Performance 
Report and related Limited Assurance Report shall be published as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in no event later than 30 days after the date of publication of the 
relevant independent auditor's report.  
(iv) 
For the SPT Reference Year only, the Issuer will also publish and maintain on its 
website a verification assurance certificate issued by the External Verifier (such 
certificate, the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate), in which the External 
Verifier shall confirm whether or not the Group has achieved the Sustainability 
Performance Target in respect of the SPT Reference Year. The Issuer will procure that 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate will be published no later than the date of 
publication of the Sustainability Performance Report for the SPT Reference Year and 
the Limited Assurance Report thereon; provided that if and to the extent that the Issuer 
determines that additional time will be required for the External Verifier to complete 
the relevant SPT Verification Assurance Certificate, then the SPT Verification 
Assurance Certificate shall be published as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no 
event later than the Step Up Notification Deadline. 
(v) 
If the Science Based Targets Initiative approves, and notifies the Issuer of, a more 
ambitious sustainability performance target in respect of its GHG Emissions Intensity 
to be achieved for the SPT Reference Year (as compared to the Sustainability 
Performance Target specified in the applicable Final Terms), or for a year falling later

--- Page 132 ---
121 
 
 
than the SPT Reference Year (as compared to the sustainability performance target 
specified for such year in the Sustainability Finance Framework), the Issuer shall give 
notice thereof to the holders of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), to the Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent as soon 
as reasonably practicable following receipt of such revised target. If the revised target 
relates to a year falling later than the SPT Reference Year of the Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes, the Issuer shall in good faith calculate a revised Sustainability 
Performance Target for the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes using linear 
interpolation and assuming a constant trajectory of improvement each year from the 
2019 baseline to the future revised target. The Issuer’s notice to the holders of the 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall 
include details of the SBTI Target, (if relevant) any resulting interpolated Sustainability 
Performance Target for the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes (including details of the 
calculations employed in revising the Sustainability Performance Target), and shall 
specify whether the then-prevailing Sustainability Performance Target shall be reduced 
as a result thereof and in accordance with the definition of Sustainability Performance 
Target below.  
(vi) 
If the Issuer determines in good faith that the then-prevailing Sustainability 
Performance Target should be adjusted in accordance with the GHG Recalculation 
Policy, the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the holders of the Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), to the Trustee and to the 
Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of 
such revised target. Such notice shall (i) provide details of the event(s) giving rise to 
the application of the GHG Recalculation Policy, (ii) describe the calculations 
employed for the adjustment to the Sustainability Performance Target and (iii) set out 
the new Sustainability Performance Target (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be 
increased or reduced as a result of the application of the GHG Recalculation Policy) 
and the date from which the adjustment shall take effect. 
(vii) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer shall also ensure that it publishes from 
time to time any information which may reasonably be required to assess the Issuer's 
ability to achieve the Sustainability Performance Target in respect of the SPT 
Reference Year or otherwise ensure that a Sustainability Linked Step Up Event does 
not occur. 
(viii) 
Neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent shall be obliged to monitor or 
inquire as to whether a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event has occurred nor will 
either of them have any liability in respect thereof and the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely absolutely on any notice given to them by the 
Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.5 without further enquiry or liability. 
(ix) 
Any breach or default by the Issuer in the performance of any obligations of the Issuer 
set out in this Condition 5.5, howsoever arising, shall not constitute an Event of Default 
under the Conditions (for the avoidance of doubt, this being without prejudice to the 
continued application of this Condition 5.5).  
In this Condition 5.5: 
Category 15 of Scope 3 means Category 15 of the document titled "Technical Guidance for 
Calculating Scope 3 Emissions (version 1.0)" published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes);

--- Page 133 ---
122 
 
 
External Verifier means any independent audit or appraisal firm or other independent expert 
of internationally recognised standing appointed by the Issuer, in each case with the expertise 
necessary to perform the functions required to be performed by the external verifier under the 
Conditions and the Sustainability Finance Framework, as determined by the Issuer; 
GHG Emissions Amount means, in respect of any period, the sum of the GHG Scope 1 
Emissions, GHG Scope 2 Emissions and GHG Scope 3 Emissions attributable to the Property 
Portfolio, all calculated in accordance with the GHG Protocol Standard, in each case in respect 
of such period and calculated in good faith by the Issuer, expressed in metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent emissions;  
GHG Emissions Intensity means, in respect of any period, the GHG Emissions Amount 
divided by the Gross Leasable Area of the Property Portfolio, in each case in respect of such 
period and calculated in good faith by the Issuer, expressed in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide 
equivalent emissions per square metre; 
GHG Protocol Standard means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-
Linked Senior Notes);  
GHG Recalculation Policy means the Group's greenhouse gases recalculation policy, as 
published on the Issuer's website as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes; 
GHG Scope 1 Emissions means, in respect of any period, direct greenhouse gas emissions 
from owned or controlled sources of the Group during such period, as defined by the GHG 
Protocol Standard; 
GHG Scope 2 Emissions means, in respect of any period, indirect greenhouse gas emissions 
from electricity, steam, heat and cooling purchased or acquired by the Group from third parties 
during such period, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard; 
GHG Scope 3 Emissions means, in respect of any period, other indirect greenhouse gas 
emissions in the value chain that are not captured in the GHG Scope 2 Emissions, relating to 
corporate activities of the Group during such period, including both upstream and downstream 
emissions and emissions (including from the operation of buildings by the Group's tenants 
where the Group has indirect control), as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard;   
Gross Leasable Area means in respect of any period, the gross leasable area of the Group’s 
Property Portfolio in respect of such period, expressed in square metres and as reported in the 
relevant consolidated financial statements of the Group, being determined on a basis consistent 
with industry practice and consistent with the reporting of the Group’s Gross Leasable Area 
immediately prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-
Linked Senior Notes; 
Property Portfolio means in respect of any period: 
(a) 
the Group’s office, retail, hospitality, industrial and residential properties for which the 
Group collects rent; and  
(b) 
the Group's biogas power plant located in its Statek Kravaře farm in the Czech 
Republic,

--- Page 134 ---
123 
 
 
in each case for so long as the foregoing comprises the property of the Group during the relevant 
period, provided that: 
(i) 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Group's equity investment that falls under Category 15 
of Scope 3 are excluded from the Property Portfolio; and  
(ii) 
if the Issuer, acting in good faith, considers that any acquisition by a member of the 
Group results in the acquisition of a property that is not comparable to the Group's then 
existing properties within the Property Portfolio for the purposes of assessing GHG 
Emissions Intensity, the Issuer may either (x) exclude such property from the Property 
Portfolio and leave the Sustainability Performance Target unchanged; or (y) include 
such property in the Property Portfolio and adjust the Sustainability Performance 
Target in line with the GHG Recalculation Policy;  
SBTI Target means such target (if any) that is approved, and notified to the Issuer, by Science 
Based Targets Initiative, and which is published on the website of Science Based Targets 
Initiative at https://sciencebasedtargets.org (or such other website replacing it from time to 
time), as being the Group's revised sustainability performance target in respect of GHG 
Emissions Intensity to be achieved for the SPT Reference Year (or any later year), expressed 
in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per square metre;  
SPT Reference Year means the 12 month period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Step Up Notification Deadline means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
Sustainability Finance Framework means the version of the Issuer's sustainability finance 
framework published on the Issuer's website as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes; 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin means the margin specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the 
following: (i) the Issuer does not achieve the Sustainability Performance Target in respect of 
the SPT Reference Year or does not otherwise publish its Sustainability Performance Report in 
respect of the SPT Reference Year as required by Condition 5.5(iii) above; (ii) the SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate certifying whether or not the Group has achieved the 
Sustainability Performance Target in respect of the SPT Reference Year has not (for any reason) 
been published as required by Condition 5.5(iv) above on or before the Step Up Notification 
Deadline; and (iii) the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate contains any reservation or other 
qualification about whether or not the Group has achieved the Sustainability Performance 
Target in respect of the SPT Reference Year.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.5, the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event shall be deemed 
to occur on: 
(a) 
(in the case of (i) above) on the Step Up Notification Deadline or such earlier date 
following the end of the SPT Reference Year on which an announcement is made by 
or on behalf of the Issuer to the effect that it has not achieved the Sustainability 
Performance Target in respect of the SPT Reference Year;

--- Page 135 ---
124 
 
 
(b) 
(in the case of (ii) above) on the Step Up Notification Deadline; and 
(c) 
(in the case of (iii) above) on the date of such SPT Verification Assurance Certificate; 
and  
Sustainability Performance Target means the lower of (i) the GHG Emissions Intensity 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Group's sustainability performance target 
in respect of GHG Emissions Intensity for the SPT Reference Year and (ii) any more ambitious 
SBTI Target for such SPT Reference Year which is notified to the Issuer after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes (or, where a 
more ambitious SBTI Target is so notified for a year falling after the SPT Reference Year, the 
interpolated Sustainability Performance Target determined in accordance with Condition 5.5(v) 
above), in each case subject to adjustment in good faith by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 5.5(vi) above to reflect the application of the GHG Recalculation Policy. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
6.2 
Without prejudice to the terms of Condition 8 (Taxation), payments in respect of principal, 
premium and interest on the Senior Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other 
laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 
Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  Presentation of definitive Bearer Senior 
Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer 
Senior Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Senior Notes (as 
defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount

--- Page 136 ---
125 
 
 
of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry 
of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9 
(Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Senior Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Senior Note or Long Maturity Senior Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) 
relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Senior 
Note is a Fixed Rate Senior Note (other than a Fixed Rate Senior Note which on issue had a 
Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Senior Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Senior Note on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that 
date is less than the nominal amount of such Senior Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Senior Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Senior Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable 
only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Senior Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Senior Notes 
Payments of principal, premium and interest (if any) in respect of Senior Notes represented by 
any Global Senior Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Senior Notes or otherwise in the manner 
specified in the relevant Global Senior Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, 
as the case may be, of such Global Senior Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment 
of principal and premium and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global 
Senior Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Senior Notes 
Payments of principal and premium in respect of each Registered Senior Note (whether or not 
in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Senior Note at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Senior Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Senior Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open 
for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant 
due date. For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder 
with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in 
the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial

--- Page 137 ---
126 
 
 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case 
of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of the Registered Senior Note appearing in the Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date). Payment of the 
interest due in respect of each Registered Senior Note on redemption will be made in the same 
manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Senior Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal, premium or interest in respect of Registered Senior Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Senior Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Senior Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note and the Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note in respect 
of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Senior Notes 
represented by such Global Senior Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal, 
premium and/or interest in respect of Bearer Senior Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. 
dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Senior Notes will be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Senior Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 138 ---
127 
 
 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Senior Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 
(Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, 
or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Senior Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Senior Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to Interest Payments and/or any other amount in respect of 
interest in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 (Taxation) or under 
any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to 
the Trust Deed.

--- Page 139 ---
128 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Senior Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note), on giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a 
Relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Senior Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Senior Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled 
to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set 
out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
(a) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the

--- Page 140 ---
129 
 
 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Senior Notes then 
outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Where the Optional Redemption Amount is the Make-whole 
Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the 
Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the 
event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional 
Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not 
less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the 
nominal amount of the Senior Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Early 
Redemption Amount or, if the Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Senior Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal 
amount outstanding of the Senior Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term 
Interest on such Senior Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) 
and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all 
as determined by the Determination Agent on the Reference Date.  
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Senior Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Senior Notes; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of 
international standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Trustee; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected 
Bond (and shall be the DA Selected Bond if a government security is set out in the 
applicable Final Terms but is no longer outstanding on the date of determination 
pursuant to this Condition 7.3); 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date 
of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such

--- Page 141 ---
130 
 
 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date means the third business day in London preceding the Optional 
Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic 
average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for 
the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at 
the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Senior Note, the aggregate 
amount of interest scheduled to be paid on such Senior Note from, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date to, and including, the Maturity Date (or, if Issuer Maturity 
Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to, and 
including, the first day of the Maturity Par Call Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and as if the Senior Notes were to be redeemed on such day) determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Senior Note from and including the date 
on which such Senior Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
7.3.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Senior Notes to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Senior Notes) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented 
by definitive Senior Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes 
represented by a Global Senior Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive 
Senior Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Senior Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption.  
(b) 
In the case of Senior Notes that are Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, for the 
purposes of the definition of "Remaining Term Interest" in this Condition 7.3, the "rate 
of interest applicable to such Senior Note from and including the date on which such 
Senior Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3" shall be 
deemed to accrue as follows: 
(i) 
(if a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event has occurred under the Conditions 
on or prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date) at the Rate of Interest 
plus the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin;

--- Page 142 ---
131 
 
 
(ii) 
(if the Optional Redemption Date falls after the Step Up Notification Deadline 
and a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event has not occurred under the 
Conditions on or prior to the Optional Redemption Date) at the Rate of Interest; 
or 
(iii) 
(if the Optional Redemption Date falls prior to the Step Up Notification 
Deadline and a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event has not occurred under 
the Conditions on or prior to the Optional Redemption Date) at the Rate of 
Interest plus (with effect from and including the Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Date) the Make-Whole Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin. 
If the Issuer determines in good faith that the 2019 Baseline should be adjusted in 
accordance with the GHG Recalculation Policy, the Issuer shall give notice thereof to 
the holders of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), to the Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable following determination thereof. Such notice shall (i) provide details of the 
event(s) giving rise to the application of the GHG Recalculation Policy, (ii) describe 
the calculations employed for the adjustment to the 2019 Baseline and (iii) set out the 
new 2019 Baseline (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be increased or reduced as 
a result of the application of the GHG Recalculation Policy) and the date from which 
the adjustment shall take effect. 
In this Condition 7.3(b): 
2019 Baseline means the Group’s actual GHG Emissions Intensity in respect of the 
2019 financial year, amounting to 0.122 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
emissions per square metre, subject to adjustment in good faith by the Issuer in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7.3(b) to reflect the 
application of the GHG Recalculation Policy; 
Make Whole Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin means: 
(a) 
where the Optional Redemption Date falls on or prior to the MWC Cut-off 
Date: zero; 
(b) 
where the Optional Redemption Date falls after the MWC Cut-off Date and (x) 
the GHG Emissions Intensity disclosed in the most recently published 
Sustainability Performance Report preceding the date on which the redemption 
notice is delivered is equal to or lower than the Target Trajectory GHG 
Emissions Intensity for the financial year to which such Sustainability 
Performance Report relates and (y) such Sustainability Performance Report 
included or was accompanied by a Limited Assurance Report prepared by the 
External Verifier as required by Condition 5.5(iii): zero; and 
(c) 
where the Optional Redemption Date falls after the MWC Cut-off Date and (b) 
above does not apply: the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Margin; 
MWC Cut-off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
Target Trajectory GHG Emissions Intensity means, in respect of any financial year, 
the level of GHG Emissions Intensity for that year assuming that the Issuer is on target 
to meet (but not exceed) the Sustainability Performance Target, calculated by the Issuer 
in good faith, using linear interpolation and assuming a constant trajectory of

--- Page 143 ---
132 
 
 
improvement each year from the 2019 Baseline to the Sustainability Performance 
Target. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem the Senior Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the 
Maturity Par Call Period specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)), together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder 
of any Senior Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Senior Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early 
Redemption Amounts)) together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note the holder of this Senior Note 
must, if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the 
notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered 
Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Senior 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Senior Notes in 
definitive form). If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Senior Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. 
If this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Senior Note the holder of this Senior Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice (or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5)

--- Page 144 ---
133 
 
 
shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Trustee has declared the Senior Notes to be due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, 
may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5.  
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control 
Put) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
this Condition 7.6 shall apply. 
A Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (other than Mr Radovan Vítek, any member 
of his immediate family or any entity directly or indirectly controlled by him or them) 
shall acquire a controlling interest in (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued or allotted 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) shares in the issued or allotted ordinary share 
capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (each such event being, a Change of 
Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and (y) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Senior Notes carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) 
from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or 
with the consent of the Issuer) and such rating from any Rating Agency is 
within the Change of Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment 
grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) or withdrawn and 
is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) 
from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or 
with the consent of the Issuer) and such rating from any Rating Agency is 
within the Change of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for 
illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and 
is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier 
credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also 
occurs within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of 
Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change 
of Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or 
withdrawn). Upon receipt by the Issuer or the Trustee of any such written confirmation,

--- Page 145 ---
134 
 
 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which 
are described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a 
rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 
7.6 shall be construed accordingly. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any Senior Note will have the option to 
require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
such Senior Note on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of 
Control Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)) together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred 
and, in any event, within 5 days of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control Put Event, 
the Issuer shall and, at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware, the Trustee 
may, and if so requested by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Senior 
Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, 
shall (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction) give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out 
in this Condition 7.6. 
If this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to exercise the option to require redemption or purchase of this Senior Note under 
this Condition 7.6, the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in 
the case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent or the Registrar or such Transfer Agent falling within the Change of Control Put Period, 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) (a Change of Control Put Option 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied 
by this Senior Note and, in the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount thereof to 
be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Senior Note in respect of 
the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 2.2 (Transfers of Registered Senior Notes in definitive form). 
If this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, 
as the case may be, purchase of this Senior Note under this Condition 7.6 the holder of this 
Senior Note must, within the Change of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior 
Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes)

--- Page 146 ---
135 
 
 
or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Change of Control Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Senior Note 
pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of 
redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the 
Senior Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead treat its Senior Notes as 
being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or 
Change of Control, or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, a 
Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred, and until it shall have received 
notice thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no 
Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In these Conditions: 
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating 
Agency has publicly announced that the Senior Notes are under consideration for rating review 
or, as the case may be, rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 
days after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control 
and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public announcement; 
Change of Control Put Date is the seventh day following the last day of the Change of Control 
Put Period; 
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of 
Control Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date;  
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited; 
Moody's means Moody's Deutschland GmbH; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred, if at any time there is no rating 
assigned to the Senior Notes by any Rating Agency (at the invitation or with the consent of the 
Issuer), either (i) the Issuer does not, prior to or not later than 21 days after the occurrence of 
the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period 
use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Senior Notes or (ii) if the Issuer does so 
seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of at least 
investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) by the end of the Change of 
Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to 
the Issuer or the Trustee that the failure to issue a rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-
/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control 
or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had 
occurred at such time);  
a reference to a person includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated 
association or body (including a partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium), 
government, state, agency, organisation or other entity whether or not having separate legal 
personality;

--- Page 147 ---
136 
 
 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of 
any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 
days following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (each a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified 
by the Issuer from time to time and approved by the Trustee in writing; 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.7 
Redemption upon a Substantial Repurchase Event 
If Substantial Repurchase Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this Condition 7.7 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Substantial Repurchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem in accordance with these Conditions all, but not 
some only, of the Senior Notes at any time at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in 
Condition 7.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Senior Notes. 
In this Condition, a Substantial Repurchase Event shall be deemed to occur if prior to the 
giving of the relevant notice of redemption the Issuer repurchases (and effects corresponding 
cancellations) or redeems a principal amount of the Senior Notes equal to or greater than the 
Substantial Repurchase Threshold Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes initially issued (which shall for this purpose 
include any further Senior Notes issued pursuant to Condition 18 (Further Issues)). 
7.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of this Condition 7 and Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement):  
(a) 
each Senior Note (other than a Zero Coupon Senior Note) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Senior Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the

--- Page 148 ---
137 
 
 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the 
date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Senior Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such 
Senior Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to a Paying 
Agent or the Registrar for cancellation. 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Senior Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All 
Senior Notes so cancelled and the Senior Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 
7.9 above (Purchases) (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) 
shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Senior Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Senior Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption 
for tax reasons), 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), (b) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)), 7.5 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)), 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change 
of control (Change of Control Put)) or 7.7 (Redemption upon a Substantial Repurchase Event), 
or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Senior Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.8(b) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Senior Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note have 
been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Senior Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, premium and interest in respect of the Senior Notes and Coupons by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Senior Notes will be made without withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental

--- Page 149 ---
138 
 
 
charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction of such Taxes is 
required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (Additional 
Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal, premium and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Senior Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Senior Note or 
Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Luxembourg; 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Senior Note or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Senior Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional 
Amount on presenting such Senior Note or Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6 (Payment 
Day)).  
As used herein: 
(i) 
Relevant Tax Jurisdiction means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer 
of principal, premium and interest on the Senior Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Senior Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal, premium and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in 
the case of principal and premium) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Senior Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be 
void pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Senior Notes and Coupons). 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer 
securities, as amended (the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996) requires that any amount 
that is payable under the Definitive Bearer Senior Notes and Coupons before opposition to such 
payment under the Senior Notes and Coupons that has been filed (by the relevant holder) but 
not yet been paid to the holder of these Definitive Bearer Senior Notes and Coupons is paid to 
the Caisse de Consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition to such payment under the 
Definitive Bearer Senior Notes and Coupons has been withdrawn or elapsed.

--- Page 150 ---
139 
 
 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
fifth in nominal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but, in relation only to a Material Subsidiary, in 
the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 10.1(c) to (g) inclusive 
and (k) below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, 
in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing 
to the Issuer that each Senior Note is, and each Senior Note shall thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall 
occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any 
principal or interest due in respect of the Senior Notes or any of them and the default 
continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of 
interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of (A) its 
obligations under Condition 4.1 (Financial Covenants) and, in respect of Condition 4.1 
(a) (Financial Covenants) and (c) only, such failure has not been cured within the cure 
period set out in Condition 4.2 (Equity Cure) and (B) its other obligations under these 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days 
next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration: if (i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default 
(however described); (ii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to make any 
payment in respect of any Indebtedness on the due date for payment; (iii) any security 
given by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries for any Indebtedness becomes 
enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in 
making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation 
to any Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event described in this 
subparagraph 10.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount 
of Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when 
aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts of Indebtedness and/or other 
liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) 
above, amounts to at least €35,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: if a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process, 
the award or decision in respect of which, in each case, is final and not subject to further 
appeal, is levied, enforced or sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in an amount which exceeds 
10 per cent. of the Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Group and is not 
discharged or stayed within 30 days; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: if any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present 
or future, created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in respect

--- Page 151 ---
140 
 
 
of an amount which exceeds 15 per cent. of the Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of 
the Group becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking 
of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator 
manager or other similar person); or  
(f) 
Insolvency: if (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is insolvent or (ii) any 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is unable to pay its debts, stops, 
suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a substantial part of (or of a 
particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement 
or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such 
debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of or 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiaries except for the purposes of and pursuant to a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (x) pursuant to Condition 16 
(Reorganisation and Substitution), (y) on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (z) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested 
in the Issuer or another Material Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary of the Issuer which, upon 
such transfer or vesting, will become a Material Subsidiary); or  
(g) 
Winding-up: if (A) an administrator, liquidator, receiver or any other similar officer is 
appointed through an irrevocable resolution for the opening of insolvency proceedings 
in respect of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; (B) an irrevocable resolution 
is passed for the winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries; or (C) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries shall apply 
or petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself, in each of the 
cases (A), (B) or (C) above except for the purposes of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) pursuant to Condition 16 
(Reorganisation and Substitution), (ii) on terms approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (iii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested 
in the Issuer or another Material Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary of the Issuer which, upon 
such transfer or vesting, will become a Material Subsidiary); or 
(h) 
Nationalisation: if the assets of the Group in an amount which exceeds 15 per cent. of 
the Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Group are expropriated, seized or 
nationalised by any person; or 
(i) 
Authorisation and Consents: if any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining 
or effecting of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, 
licence, order, recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or 
done in order (i) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable, 
or (ii) to make the Senior Notes, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement admissible 
in evidence in the courts of Luxembourg is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Illegality: if it is unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of 
its obligations under any of the Senior Notes, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement; 
or 
(k) 
Analogous Events: if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, has or may have, in the Trustee's opinion, an analogous effect to any of 
the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to(j) above. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 152 ---
141 
 
 
Total Revenues means the sum of the gross rental revenue, service revenue, net service charge 
income, development sales, hotel revenue and revenue from other business operations less any 
revaluation charges, net result on acquisitions and disposals and any other exceptional or non-
recurring items.  
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer whose total assets (excluding 
intangible assets) (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
Total Revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) ((i) each 
as determined by reference to the relevant Subsidiary's most recent audited annual, or unaudited 
semi-annual (as the case may be) financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS or IAS 
34, as applicable, and (ii) excluding any intra-Group Indebtedness and related receivables 
eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer) exceed 7.5 per cent. of the 
Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets or Total Revenues of the Group, as the case may be (each 
as determined by reference to the Issuer's most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual 
(as the case may be) consolidated financial statements). The Issuer will deliver on each 
Reporting Date a certificate addressed to the Trustee and signed by two Authorised Signatories 
confirming, in their opinion, which Subsidiaries of the Issuer are Material Subsidiaries of the 
Issuer as of each Measurement Date and such certificate may be relied on by the Trustee without 
further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
In these Conditions, where it relates to the Issuer or to any other company incorporated under 
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, a reference to: 
(i) 
a winding-up, administration or dissolution or similar references includes, 
without limitation, any procedure or proceeding in relation to an entity 
becoming bankrupt (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, 
composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), moratorium or 
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion 
contrôlée), general settlement with creditors, reorganisation or any other 
similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally under 
Luxembourg law, and shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or 
analogous liquidation or reorganisation proceedings; 
(ii) 
a liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial custodian, compulsory 
manager, receiver, administrator receiver, administrator or similar officer 
includes any: 
(A) 
juge-commissaire or insolvency receiver (curateur) appointed under 
the Luxembourg Commercial Code; 
(B) 
liquidateur appointed under Articles 1100-1 to 1100-15 (inclusive) of 
the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, 
as amended (the Luxembourg Companies' Act 1915); 
(C) 
juge-commissaire or liquidateur appointed under Article 1200-1 of the 
Luxembourg Companies' Act 1915; 
(D) 
commissaire appointed under the Grand-Ducal decree of 24 May 1935 
on the controlled management regime or under Articles 593 to 614 
(inclusive) of the Luxembourg Commercial Code; and 
(E) 
juge délégué appointed under the Luxembourg act of 14 April 1886 on 
the composition with creditors to avoid bankruptcy, as amended; and

--- Page 153 ---
142 
 
 
(iii) 
a person being unable to pay its debts includes, without limitation, that person 
being in a state of cessation of payments (cessation de paiements). 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes and 
the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in 
relation to the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within 60 days, or (ii) is 
unable for any reason to do so, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF SENIOR NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Senior Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) upon 
payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Senior Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be 
issued. 
The replacement of Senior Notes, Talons and Coupons in bearer form in the case of loss or theft 
is subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996, which provides that the 
person who lost bearer notes may, subject to certain conditions, request the issuer of the notes 
to deliver new Senior Notes, Talons and Coupons. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(b) 
so long as the Senior Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Senior Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will 
be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 154 ---
143 
 
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become 
the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Senior Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published 
in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected 
that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Senior Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication 
on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all 
required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given 
in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall 
approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named 
of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Senior Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Senior Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Senior Notes representing the Senior Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Senior Notes and, 
in addition, for so long as any Senior Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of 
the Senior Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Senior Note in definitive form) with the relative Senior Note or

--- Page 155 ---
144 
 
 
Senior Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes). Whilst any of the Senior Notes are 
represented by a Global Senior Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Senior Note 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by 
means of audio or video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Senior Notes 
and the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or Agency Agreement. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Senior Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Senior Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Senior Notes or the 
Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Senior Notes or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the 
rate of interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Senior Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-
fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time 
being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, 
shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. A resolution 
in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of 
the provisions of the Senior Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent 
as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, 
where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to effect such modifications to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement as may be required in order to give effect to Condition 
5.2(f) (Benchmark Event) in connection with effecting any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread or any other related changes referred to in Condition 5.2(f) (Benchmark 
Event) subject to the provisions thereof, without the requirement for the consent or sanction of 
the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders

--- Page 156 ---
145 
 
 
and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the 
Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not 
have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or 
otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other 
person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise 
upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders, except to the extent already provided for in 
Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16. 
REORGANISATION AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions under which a legal entity: 
(a) 
formed by any consolidation or merger of the Issuer with or into any other corporation 
or corporations (whether or not affiliated with the Issuer), or successive consolidations 
or mergers into which the Issuer or its successor or successors shall have been merged 
or consolidated; or 
(b) 
to which the Issuer has sold, conveyed or leased all or substantially all of the property 
of the Issuer (whether or not affiliated with the Issuer), 
(any such legal entity, a Substituted Obligor) may, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders assume the obligations of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed, 
the Senior Notes and Coupons provided that: 
(i) 
the Substituted Obligor takes direct or indirect ownership of at least 80 per 
cent. of Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Obligor is a legal entity incorporated in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area; 
(iii) 
the Trustee is satisfied that the relevant transaction is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders; and 
(iv) 
certain further conditions specified in the Trust Deed are fulfilled. 
No Noteholder shall, in connection with any substitution, be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof for such Noteholder, 
except to the extent provided for in Condition 9 (Prescription) (or any undertaking given in 
addition to or substitution for it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed).

--- Page 157 ---
146 
 
 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, 
(a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as 
trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
or any of its/ Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and 
perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such 
trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other 
amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.  
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Senior Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Senior Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Senior Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of 
any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Senior Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance 
with English law. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the 
Luxembourg Companies' Act 1915 are excluded. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes 
and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity 
and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and 
accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders 
in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute.

--- Page 158 ---
147 
 
 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before 
the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 159 ---
148 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following, except for paragraphs in italics, are the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Subordinated Note (as defined below) and 
each definitive Subordinated Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Subordinated Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Subordinated Note and definitive 
Subordinated Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the 
content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. 
This Subordinated Note is one of a Series of Dated Subordinated Notes or Undated Subordinated Notes 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) issued by CPI Property Group a société anonyme with its 
registered office at 40, rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg and registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg under number B102254 (the Issuer) constituted by an 
Amended and Restated Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the Trust Deed) dated 18 May 2022 made between the Issuer and HSBC Corporate 
Trustee Company (UK) Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee).  
References herein to the Subordinated Notes shall be references to the Subordinated Notes of this 
Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Subordinated Notes represented by a global Subordinated Note (a Global 
Subordinated Note), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Subordinated Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Subordinated Notes in bearer form (Bearer Subordinated Notes) issued in 
exchange for a Global Subordinated Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Subordinated Notes in registered form (Registered Subordinated Notes) 
(whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Subordinated Note in registered form). 
The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Amended and 
Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 12 May 2021 and made between the Issuer, the 
Trustee, HSBC Bank plc as issuing and principal paying agent and the agent bank (the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Agent Bank, respectively, which expressions shall include any successor thereto) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Agent Bank, 
the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and 
HSBC Bank plc as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and 
as transfer agent (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agents 
and the other Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Subordinated Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of 
the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note which supplement these Terms and 
Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Subordinated Note.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case 
of Bearer Subordinated Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest

--- Page 160 ---
149 
 
 
payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons or talons. Registered Subordinated Notes and Global Subordinated Notes do not have Coupons 
or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Subordinated Notes) the holders of the Subordinated Notes and (in the case of Registered Subordinated 
Notes) the persons in whose name the Subordinated Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Subordinated Notes represented by a Global Subordinated Note, be construed as provided below) and 
the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Subordinated Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to 
listing and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Subordinated Notes together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Subordinated Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same 
in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the principal office for the time being of the Trustee and at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. Electronic versions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement can be obtained upon 
written electronic request of the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent (for the purposes of which 
their respective addresses are ctla.trustee.admin@hsbc.com and ctlondon.conventional@hsbc.com). If 
the Subordinated Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market) the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms 
will prevail. 
In these Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Subordinated Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Subordinated Notes, serially numbered, in the 
currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Subordinated Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Subordinated Notes and vice versa. 
The Subordinated Notes are Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes are issued with Coupons attached.

--- Page 161 ---
150 
 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons will pass by 
delivery and title to the Registered Subordinated Notes will pass upon registration of transfers 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any 
Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer 
Subordinated Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Subordinated Note 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Subordinated Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
the next succeeding paragraph.  
For so long as any of the Subordinated Notes is represented by a Global Subordinated Note 
held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Subordinated Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes, for which purpose the bearer of 
the relevant Bearer Global Subordinated Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Subordinated Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Subordinated Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of 
Subordinated Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of 
Subordinated Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information 
and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such 
evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Subordinated Notes which are represented by a Global Subordinated Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SUBORDINATED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants 
and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Subordinated Note 
will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable 
for Subordinated Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Subordinated Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for 
the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 162 ---
151 
 
 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, a Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or 
in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Subordinated Note 
for registration of the transfer of the Registered Subordinated Note (or the relevant part of the 
Registered Subordinated Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as 
may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after 
due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 2 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, 
the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the 
authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the 
Registered Subordinated Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Subordinated Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Subordinated Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or 
(at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS AND SUBORDINATION  
3.1 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. 
The rights and claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the 
Couponholders in respect of the Coupons, in each case against the Issuer, are subordinated as 
described in Condition 3.2 (Subordination) below. 
3.2 
Subordination 
In the event of: 
(a) 
an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up of 
the Issuer (except, in any such case, a solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, restructuring, reconstruction, merger, conversion, amalgamation or the 
substitution in place of the Issuer of a Substituted Obligor (as defined in Condition 15 
(Substitution of the Issuer)) of the Issuer, (x) the terms of which reorganisation,

--- Page 163 ---
152 
 
 
restructuring, reconstruction, merger, conversion or amalgamation have previously 
been approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Trust Deed) and do not provide that the Subordinated Notes shall thereby 
become redeemable or repayable in accordance with these Conditions or (y) which 
substitution is effected in accordance with the provisions of Condition 15 (Substitution 
of the Issuer) and Clause 21 (Substitution) of the Trust Deed); 
(b) 
an administrator or receiver of the Issuer being appointed and such administrator or 
receiver giving notice that it intends to declare and distribute a dividend or 
distribution; or 
(c) 
any event relating to the Issuer analogous to those described in (a) or (b) above under 
any insolvency, bankruptcy or similar law applicable to the Issuer, 
the rights and claims of the Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the 
Couponholders in respect of the Coupons, in each case against the Issuer, in respect of or arising 
under the Subordinated Notes will rank (i) junior to any present or future claims in respect of 
Senior Obligations, (ii) pari passu without any preference among themselves and with any 
present or future claims in respect of all Parity Obligations and (iii) senior to all present or 
future claims in respect of all Junior Obligations. 
Accordingly, the claims of holders of all Senior Obligations will first have to be satisfied in any 
winding-up or administration or any other proceeding described in (a) through (c) above 
before the Noteholders and Couponholders may expect to obtain any recovery in respect of 
their Subordinated Notes and Coupons, respectively, and prior thereto Noteholders and 
Couponholders will have only limited ability to influence the conduct of such winding-up or 
administration. See the section entitled "Risk Factors—Risks related to the Subordinated Notes 
generally—Limited Remedies". 
The Issuer does not have any Preferred Shares outstanding. For so long as any of the 
Subordinated Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer does not intend to issue any Preferred 
Shares. Preferred Shares means any shares in the Issuer which constitute "capital without 
voting rights" issued in accordance with Article 430-9 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 
1915 on Commercial Companies, as amended (the Luxembourg Companies' Act 1915), and 
which confer a preferential right with respect to the reimbursement of contributions. 
3.3 
Set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise, claim or plead any 
right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the 
Trust Deed and each Noteholder and Couponholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any 
Subordinated Note or Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation or retention. 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Subordinated Note bears interest on its principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate of Interest, subject to Condition 
4.9 (Step Up after Change of Control Event).  
Subject to Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral), such interest will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year from (and including) the first Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 164 ---
153 
 
 
Any Interest Payment may be deferred in accordance with Condition 5 (Optional Interest 
Deferral). 
4.2 
Interest Accrual 
The Subordinated Notes (and any unpaid amounts thereon) will cease to bear interest from (and 
including) the date of redemption thereof pursuant to the relevant paragraph of Condition 6 
(Redemption) or the date of substitution thereof pursuant to Condition 7 (Substitution or 
Variation), as the case may be, unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. 
In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a)  
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Subordinated Note have been paid; 
and 
(b)  
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be 
calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Subordinated 
Note or (ii) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Subordinated Notes represented by such 
Global Subordinated Note or (B) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Subordinated Notes 
which are Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the 
case of Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in definitive form) shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Subordinated Note which is a Bearer Subordinated 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Subordinated Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2 (Interest Accrual): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the number of days in the relevant 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(the Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination

--- Page 165 ---
154 
 
 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year;  
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360; and 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Accrual Period divided by 365. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
4.3 
First Fixed Interest Rate 
For each Interest Period ending on or before the First Reset Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and subject to Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral), each Subordinated Note 
bears interest at the rate per annum equal to the First Fixed Interest Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 4.9 (Step Up after Change of Control Event).  
If the Subordinated Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the First 
Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
4.4 
Subsequent Reset Rates 
For each Interest Period which commences on or after the First Reset Date and subject to 
Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral), each Subordinated Note bears interest at the relevant

--- Page 166 ---
155 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Rate as determined, and notified in writing to the Agents and the Issuer, by 
the Agent Bank on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 
4.4, subject to Condition 4.9 (Step Up after Change of Control Event).  
As used in these Conditions: 
Margin means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Mid Swap Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR.  
Mid Swap Maturity has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Mid Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency 
as determined, and notified in writing to the Agents and the Issuer, by the Agent Bank) of a 
fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) 
has a term of equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
(b) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, and (c) has a 
floating leg based on the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid Swap Maturity as specified 
in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined, and notified in writing to the Agents and the Issuer, by 
the Agent Bank). 
Reference Bond means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency 
as the Subordinated Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period. 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (B) if fewer than four, but more than one, Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations.  
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues. 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined, and notified in writing to the Agents and the Issuer, by the Agent Bank, of the bid 
and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the Agent Bank by such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer.

--- Page 167 ---
156 
 
 
Reset Determination Date means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final Terms 
falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the rate of interest 
applying during such Reset Period will be determined. 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent 
Reset Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, 
with 0.00005 being rounded down). 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Screen Page has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate means either:  
(A) 
if Mid Swaps is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate displayed on the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; 
or 
(B) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference 
Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price; or 
(C) 
if Singapore Dollar Swap Offer Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the Singapore 
Dollar swap offer rate for a duration equal to the relevant Reset Period displayed on 
the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period. 
4.5 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Screen Page 
If the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Screen Page is not available, the Issuer (or an 
independent investment bank, commercial bank or stockbroker appointed by the Issuer) shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or 
the Agent Bank with offered quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate for the relevant Reset 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
applicable Margin (if any), all as determined, and notified in writing to the Agent, by the Issuer 
or the Agent Bank.  If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Issuer or the Agent Bank with an offered quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Reset Determination Date less the Margin applicable as from the last preceding 
Reset Date plus the Margin applicable as from the current Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate shall be equal 
to the last Subsequent Reset Reference Rate available on the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate 
Screen Page as determined by the Agent Bank. 
Reference Banks means the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of five major 
banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the

--- Page 168 ---
157 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank 
of international repute. 
Relevant Financial Centre means the financial centre specified as such in the Final Terms or 
if none is so specified, Brussels. 
4.6 
Publication of Subsequent Reset Rates 
The Issuer shall cause notice of each Subsequent Reset Rate determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4 in respect of each relevant Interest Period to be given to the Trustee, the Registrar, 
the Paying Agents, any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders, 
in each case as soon as practicable after its determination but in any event not later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. 
4.7 
Agent Bank and Reference Banks 
With effect from the Reset Determination Date relating to the First Reset Date, the Issuer will 
maintain an Agent Bank and five Reference Banks where the Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
by reference to them. The name of the initial Agent Bank and its initial specified office is set 
out at the end of these Conditions. 
The Issuer may, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, from time to time replace the 
Agent Bank with another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg. If the Agent 
Bank is unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine a 
Subsequent Reset Rate in respect of any Interest Period as provided in Condition 4.4 
(Subsequent Reset Rates), the Issuer shall forthwith appoint another leading financial institution 
in London or Luxembourg approved in writing by the Trustee to act as such in its place. The 
Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
4.8 
Determinations Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4 by the 
Agent Bank or the Reference Banks, as the case may be, shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer the Agent Bank, the Trustee, the Registrar, the other Paying Agents 
and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or negligence) no 
liability to the Noteholders, the Couponholders or the Issuer shall attach to the Agent Bank in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant 
to such provisions. 
4.9 
Step Up after Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
this Condition 4.9 shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4, if the Issuer does not elect to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6.8 (Redemption for Change of Control 
Event) on or before the end of the Exercise Period following the occurrence of the first Change 
of Control Event, the then prevailing Rate of Interest, and each subsequent Rate of Interest 
otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4, on the 
Subordinated Notes shall be increased by an additional 5 percentage points per annum with 
effect from (and including) the Change of Control Step Up Date.

--- Page 169 ---
158 
 
 
4.10 
Benchmark Event 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4, if (on or after the date falling six 
months before the First Reset Date) the Issuer, in consultation with the Agent Bank, determines 
that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (whether such 
occurrence is before, on or after the date falling six months before the First Reset Date) when 
the Conditions provide for any Subsequent Reset Rate (or any component part thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and in either 
case, an applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as 
defined and as further described below) no later than five Business Days prior to the 
Reset Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Reset Period (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Subsequent Reset Rate 
applicable to the Subordinated Notes for such next succeeding Reset Period and for all 
future Reset Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.10 during 
any other future Reset Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 4.10(iv)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Subsequent Reset Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 4.10); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as provided 
in Condition 4.10(iv)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Subsequent Reset Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Subordinated 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.10); 
(iii) 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Subsequent Reset Rate on the immediately following Reset Determination Date, 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) or, in either case, applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined pursuant to this provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such 
Subsequent Reset Rate on such Reset Determination Date, with the effect that the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions will continue to apply to 
such determination; 
(iv) 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4.10(ii), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum) or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, 
negative or zero) which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Subsequent Reset

--- Page 170 ---
159 
 
 
Rate (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 4.10; 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.10 and the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or (in either case) Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.10(vi), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 4.10(vi), the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the Agent Bank shall (at the Issuer’s 
expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments required to the Trust Deed (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), the Agency 
Agreement and these Conditions and the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Agent Bank shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, provided that none of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Agent Bank shall be obliged so to concur if in its sole opinion doing so 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to it in the Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental 
agency agreement) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.10, if, in the Agent Bank’s 
opinion, there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 4.10, the Agent Bank 
shall promptly notify the Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the Issuer 
shall direct the Agent Bank in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Agent Bank is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable 
to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer 
and/or the Independent Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Agent Bank shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Agent Bank 
shall be obliged to monitor or inquire whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have 
any liability in respect thereof. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.10, the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by 
which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the

--- Page 171 ---
160 
 
 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.10. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories: 
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and (z) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4.10; 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread; and 
(C) 
certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to 
the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.10, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.5 will continue to apply 
unless and until the Agent Bank has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if 
applicable), in accordance with Condition 4.10(vi). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.10: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference

--- Page 172 ---
161 
 
 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines to 
be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines in accordance 
with Condition 4.10(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for the same reset period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Subordinated Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such 
other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate;  
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.10(v); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i);  
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (d)(i); 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i) above;  
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date become unlawful for any 
Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Agent Bank, the Issuer or other party 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable); 
or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used;

--- Page 173 ---
162 
 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense and approved in writing by the Trustee. For the 
avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.10 shall act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad 
faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Agent 
Bank, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4.10; 
Original Reference Rate means the Mid Swap Benchmark Rate or the Singapore Dollar Swap 
Offer Rate (as applicable) or, where a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been 
determined pursuant to Condition 4.10(ii), such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as 
applicable, used to determine the Subsequent Reset Rate (or any component part thereof) on 
the Subordinated Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
OPTIONAL INTEREST DEFERRAL 
5.1 
Deferral of Payments 
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer any Interest Payment (a Deferred Interest 
Payment), in whole but not in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest 
Payment Date by giving notice (a Deferral Notice) of such election to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Trustee, the Registrar and the Paying Agents not 
more than 14 nor fewer than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Subject to Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest), if the Issuer elects to 
so defer any Interest Payment on an Interest Payment Date, then it will not have any obligation 
to pay such interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such non-payment of interest 
will not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 11 (Enforcement Event)) or 
any other breach of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes or for any other purpose. 
Arrears of Interest (as defined below) may be satisfied at the option of the Issuer in whole but 
not in part at any time (the Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date) following delivery 
of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices), the Trustee, the Registrar and the Paying Agents not more than 14 nor fewer than 
seven Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date informing

--- Page 174 ---
163 
 
 
them of its election to so satisfy such Arrears of Interest and specifying the relevant Optional 
Deferred Interest Settlement Date. 
Any Deferred Interest Payment shall itself bear interest (such further interest together with the 
Deferred Interest Payment, being Arrears of Interest), at the Rate of Interest prevailing from 
time to time, from (and including) the date on which (but for such deferral) the Deferred Interest 
Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Deferred Interest Settlement Date or, as appropriate, such other date on which such Deferred 
Interest Payment is paid in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of 
Interest), in each case such further interest being compounded on each Interest Payment Date 
on which such interest remains unpaid. 
The deferral of interest on any Interest Payment Date or the non-payment of Arrears of Interest 
shall not constitute a default by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or for any other 
purpose, unless such payment is required in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Mandatory 
Settlement of Arrears of Interest). For the avoidance of doubt, payment of Arrears of Interest 
shall not be required other than in accordance with Condition 5.2 (Mandatory Settlement of 
Arrears of Interest).  
5.2 
Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.1 (Deferral of Payments) relating to the ability 
of the Issuer to defer Interest Payments, the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest, 
in whole but not in part, on the first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest 
Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose. 
Notice of the occurrence of any Mandatory Settlement Date shall be given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Trustee, the Registrar and the Paying Agents 
not more than 14 and no fewer than seven Business Days prior to the relevant Mandatory 
Settlement Date. 
6. 
REDEMPTION 
6.1 
Redemption at Maturity 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each 
Dated Subordinated Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual subordinated notes in respect of which 
there is no fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1 (Status and Subordination) only have the right to repay them in 
accordance with the following provisions of this Condition 6. 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Noteholders at any time. 
6.2 
Issuer's Call Option 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
6.2 shall apply. 
The Issuer may, by giving not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption),

--- Page 175 ---
164 
 
 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date(s) 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together in 
each case with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
Where, in respect of any Optional Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Amount is the 
Make-whole Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject 
to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption 
may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional 
Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed.  
The Optional Redemption Amount payable on each Optional Redemption Date will either be 
the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Make-whole Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the 
Subordinated Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount 
outstanding of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on 
such Subordinated Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) and such 
present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an 
annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the 
Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination 
Agent on the Reference Date.  
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency 
is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Period, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable maturity to the Remaining Period; 
Determination Agent means a leading investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Trustee; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond (and 
shall be the DA Selected Bond if a government security is set out in the applicable Final Terms 
but is no longer outstanding on the date of determination pursuant to this Condition 6.2); 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or 
(b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to

--- Page 176 ---
165 
 
 
maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption; 
Reference Date means the third business day in London preceding the Optional Redemption 
Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed 
in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference 
Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer;  
Remaining Period means, as at the Reference Date, the period from such date to the Remaining 
Term Date;  
Remaining Term Date means, in connection with any Optional Redemption Date for which 
the Optional Redemption Amount is the Make-whole Amount, the next following Optional 
Redemption Date for which the Optional Redemption Amount is other than the Make-whole 
Amount (or, in the case of any Dated Subordinated Notes for which no such next following 
Optional Redemption Date exists, the Maturity Date); and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Subordinated Note, the aggregate 
amount of interest scheduled to be paid on such Subordinated Note from, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date to, and including, the Remaining Term Date (as if the Subordinated 
Notes were to be redeemed on such date). 
6.3 
Redemption upon a Tax Deduction Event 
If Tax Deduction Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 6.3 shall apply.  
Even if Tax Deduction Event is so specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
this Condition 6.3 shall not apply if the Subordinated Notes are treated as equity for 
Luxembourg tax purposes from the Issue Date and are not subsequently re-classified as debt, 
save that if the Subordinated Notes are re-classified as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes this 
Condition 6.3 shall apply from the date of such re-classification. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Deduction Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special 
Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation), redeem 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time all, but not some only, of the Subordinated 
Notes at: 
(a) 
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to the 
first Optional Redemption Date; or

--- Page 177 ---
166 
 
 
(b) 
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after the first Optional 
Redemption Date,  
together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
6.4 
Redemption upon a Capital Event  
If Capital Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 6.4 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has occurred 
and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special Event 
Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation), redeem in 
accordance with these Conditions at any time all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes 
at: 
(a) 
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to the 
first Optional Redemption Date; or  
(b) 
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after the first Optional 
Redemption Date,  
together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
6.5 
Redemption upon an Accounting Event 
If Accounting Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 6.5 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has 
occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special 
Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation), redeem 
in accordance with these Conditions at any time all, but not some only, of the Subordinated 
Notes at: 
(a) 
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to the 
first Optional Redemption Date; or  
(b) 
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after the first Optional 
Redemption Date,  
together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 178 ---
167 
 
 
6.6 
Redemption upon a Withholding Tax Event  
This Condition 6.6 shall not apply if the Subordinated Notes are treated as equity for 
Luxembourg tax purposes from the Issue Date and are not subsequently re-classified as debt, 
save that if (i) the Subordinated Notes are re-classified as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes, 
this Condition 6.6 shall apply from the date of such re-classification, and (ii) the Subordinated 
Notes are treated as equity and there is a Tax Law Change resulting in an increase in Additional 
Amounts payable by the Issuer, this Condition 6.6 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Withholding Tax Event has 
occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special Event 
Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation), redeem in 
accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at any time 
at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) 
the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
6.7 
Redemption upon a Substantial Repurchase Event 
If Substantial Repurchase Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this Condition 6.7 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Substantial Repurchase 
Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special 
Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation), redeem 
in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at any 
time at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
6.8 
Redemption for Change of Control Event 
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
this Condition 6.8 shall apply. 
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Change of Control Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to having given not fewer than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special 
Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, Substitution and Variation), redeem 
in accordance with these Conditions all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at any 
time at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
If applicable, the Issuer may elect to include a statement of intention in the applicable Final 
Terms with respect to launching a tender offer for all of its outstanding unsubordinated debt 
securities that do not contain a contractual right of the holders of such debt securities for such

--- Page 179 ---
168 
 
 
securities to be redeemed or repurchased as a result of the events giving rise to the Change of 
Control Event. 
7. 
SUBSTITUTION OR VARIATION 
If an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Deduction Event (subject to any such event 
being specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or a Withholding Tax Event (each 
a Substitution or Variation Event) has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
subject to Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation) (without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders or Couponholders) and subject to its having satisfied the Trustee 
immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein that the provisions of this 
Condition 7 have been complied with, and having given not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either: 
(a) 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes; or  
(b) 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become 
(as the case may be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes,  
and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 7 and subject to the 
receipt by it of the certificate of two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer referred to in 
Condition 8 (Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation)) agree to such substitution or variation. 
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, 
substitute the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7. 
The Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in 
the substitution of the Subordinated Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes so that they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, provided 
that the Trustee shall not be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or 
variation if the terms of the proposed Qualifying Subordinated Notes or the participation in or 
assistance with such substitution or variation would impose, in the Trustee's opinion, more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to liabilities or reduce its protections. If the Trustee 
does not participate or assist as provided above, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes 
as provided in Condition 6 (Redemption). 
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 7, the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a 
Substitution or Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not give rise to any other 
Substitution or Variation Event with respect to the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a 
Substitution or Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not result in the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes no longer being eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, "equity credit" 
(or such other nomenclature that the Capital Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree 
to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) as is attributed to the 
Subordinated Notes on the date notice is given to Noteholders of the substitution or variation.

--- Page 180 ---
169 
 
 
In these Conditions:  
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means subordinated notes that: 
(a) 
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of 
the Issuer with a guarantee of such obligations by the Issuer; 
(b) 
rank and (save in the case of a direct issue by the Issuer) benefit from a guarantee that 
ranks in relation to the obligations of the Issuer under such subordinated notes and/or 
such guarantee (as the case may be), equally with the Subordinated Notes and pari 
passu in a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer with any Parity Obligations; 
(c) 
contain terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) and which: 
(i) 
provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time as applied to the 
Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation and 
preserve the same Interest Payment Dates; 
(ii) 
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise 
of any right) of the Issuer as to principal and as to redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and 
amounts payable upon, such redemption; 
(iii) 
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest, 
any Deferred Interest Payments, any Arrears of Interest and any other amounts 
payable under the Subordinated Notes which, in each case, has accrued to 
Noteholders and not been paid; 
(iv) 
do not provide for the mandatory deferral or cancellation of payments of 
interest and/or principal; 
(v) 
do not provide for loss absorption through principal write down or conversion 
to ordinary shares; and 
(vi) 
may include a feature which contains a term for the mandatory repayment of 
such subordinated notes on a specified date which shall not be earlier than the 
date on which the next Optional Redemption Date (if any) would have fallen 
under the Subordinated Notes (and the inclusion of such feature shall be 
deemed not to be materially less favourable to Noteholders as compared with 
the terms of the Subordinated Notes); 
(d) 
are (i) listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its 
regulated market or (ii) listed on such other internationally recognised exchange 
platform in an OECD country as is selected by the Issuer and approved by the Trustee; 
and 
(e) 
will, immediately after such substitution or variation, be assigned at least the same 
credit rating(s) by the same Rating Agencies as may have been assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes at the invitation of the Issuer immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation.

--- Page 181 ---
170 
 
 
8. 
PRECONDITIONS TO SPECIAL EVENT REDEMPTION, CHANGE OF CONTROL 
EVENT REDEMPTION, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption) 
(other than redemption pursuant to Condition 6.2 (Issuer's Call Option)) or any notice of 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7 (Substitution or Variation), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee: 
(a) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the relevant 
requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or vary (as 
the case may be) is satisfied, and where the relevant Special Event requires measures 
reasonably available to the Issuer to be taken, the relevant Special Event cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking such measures. In relation to a substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 7 (Substitution or Variation), such certificate shall also include 
further certifications that the criteria specified in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition 
of Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be satisfied by the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes upon issue and that such determinations were reached by the Issuer in 
consultation with an independent investment bank of international repute, an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise or independent counsel of 
recognised standing; 
(b) 
in the case of a Tax Deduction Event and a Withholding Tax Event only, an opinion 
(addressed to the Trustee) of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that Condition 6.3 or 6.6, as the case may be, apply and a Tax Deduction Event 
or a Withholding Tax Event, as the case may be, has occurred;  
(c) 
in the case of an Accounting Event only, a copy of a letter or report from a recognised 
international accounting firm confirming that an Accounting Event has occurred; 
(d) 
in the case of a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 7 (Substitution or 
Variation) only, an opinion from independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
confirming: 
(i) 
that the Issuer has capacity to assume all rights and obligations under the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or 
governmental authorisations to assume all such rights and obligations (either 
as primary debtor or as a guarantor of a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance 
subsidiary of the Issuer that assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of a wholly-owned direct 
or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer that assumes the role of primary 
debtor in respect of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes, that such finance 
subsidiary has capacity to assume all rights and obligations under the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or 
governmental authorisations to assume all such rights and obligations; and 
(ii) 
the legality, validity and enforceability of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
and the Trustee may rely absolutely upon and shall be entitled to accept such certificate 
and any such opinions without any liability to any person for so doing and without any 
further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set 
out in such paragraphs in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Conditions 6.2 (Issuer's Call 
Option), 6.3 (Redemption upon a Tax Deduction Event), 6.4 (Redemption upon a Capital

--- Page 182 ---
171 
 
 
Event), 6.5 (Redemption upon an Accounting Event), 6.6 (Redemption upon a Withholding 
Tax Event), 6.7 (Redemption upon a Substantial Repurchase Event), 6.8 (Redemption for 
Change of Control Event) shall be conditional on all outstanding Arrears of Interest being paid 
in full in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 (Optional Interest Deferral) on or prior 
to the date thereof, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) such 
redemption, substitution or, as the case may be, variation date. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any Special Event or Change of Control 
Event or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could 
constitute, any such Special Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control, has occurred 
and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the 
contrary, the Trustee may assume that no such Special Event, Change of Control Event or 
Change of Control or such other event has occurred. 
9. 
PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION 
9.1 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase or procure others to purchase 
beneficially for its account Subordinated Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer 
Subordinated Notes, all matured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) in any manner and at any price.  
9.2 
Cancellation 
All Subordinated Notes redeemed or substituted by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6 
(Redemption) or 7 (Substitution or Variation), in each case, together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption, will forthwith be cancelled. All Subordinated Notes purchased by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered for 
cancellation (together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons attached to 
them) to a Paying Agent or the Registrar. Subordinated Notes so surrendered shall be cancelled 
forthwith. Any Subordinated Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Subordinated Notes shall be 
discharged. 
10. 
PAYMENTS 
10.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney 
and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Without prejudice to the terms of Condition 12 (Taxation), all payments in respect of principal, 
premium and interest on the Subordinated Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required

--- Page 183 ---
172 
 
 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
10.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal and premium in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 10.1 (Method of 
payment) above only against presentation and surrender of definitive Bearer Subordinated 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the 
District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Subordinated Notes in definitive bearer form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), and all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, 
as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon any Subordinated Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable on the due 
date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given, all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (to include another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet, if appropriate) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription). 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Subordinated Note is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest accrued in respect of such Subordinated Note from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall 
be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Subordinated Note. 
10.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Subordinated Notes 
Payments of principal, premium and interest in respect of Subordinated Notes represented by 
any Global Subordinated Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner specified above in relation to definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes or otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant Global Subordinated Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Subordinated Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and premium and any payment of interest, 
will be made either on such Global Subordinated Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
10.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes 
Payments of principal and premium in respect of each Registered Subordinated Note (whether 
or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender of the Registered 
Subordinated Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such 
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder

--- Page 184 ---
173 
 
 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Subordinated Note appearing in the 
register of holders of the Registered Subordinated Notes maintained by the Registrar (the 
Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any 
bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt Arrears of Interest) in respect of 
each Registered Subordinated Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on 
the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Subordinated Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business 
day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date). Payment of the interest due in respect of 
each Registered Subordinated Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment 
of the principal amount of such Registered Subordinated Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal, premium or interest in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Subordinated Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
10.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Subordinated Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments 
in respect of Subordinated Notes represented by such Global Subordinated Note and the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated 
Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Subordinated Notes represented by such Global Subordinated Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal, 
premium and/or interest in respect of Bearer Subordinated Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, 
such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Subordinated Notes 
will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Subordinated Notes in the manner 
provided above when due;

--- Page 185 ---
174 
 
 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
10.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to 
Condition 13 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits); 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(c) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(d) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(e) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any 
sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
10.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 12 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition 
thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; and 
(b) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by 
the Issuer under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to Interest Payments, Deferred Interest Payments, Arrears of 
Interest and/or any other amount in respect of interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable with 
respect to interest under Condition 12 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given 
in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed.

--- Page 186 ---
175 
 
 
11. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENT 
11.1 
Proceedings 
If a default is made by the Issuer for a period of 7 days or more in the payment of principal or 
14 days or more in the payment of interest, in each case in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
and which is due (an Enforcement Event), then the Issuer shall without notice from the Trustee 
be deemed to be in default under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons, and 
the Trustee at its sole discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Noteholders of at 
least one-fifth in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject to Condition 11.3 (Entitlement of the Trustee)), 
institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer.  
In the event of a winding-up (as more particularly described in the next paragraph) of the Issuer, 
(whether instituted by the Trustee as aforesaid or otherwise), the Subordinated Notes will 
become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with all accrued and 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, and the Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the 
holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject to Condition 11.3 (Entitlement of 
the Trustee)), prove and/or claim in such winding-up in respect of the Subordinated Notes, such 
claim being for such amount, and being subordinated in such manner, as is provided under 
Condition 3 (Status and Subordination).  
A winding-up includes, without limitation, any procedure or proceeding in relation to an entity 
becoming bankrupt (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, composition with 
creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de 
paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general settlement with creditors, 
reorganisation or any other similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally under 
Luxembourg law, and shall be construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous 
liquidation or reorganisation proceedings. 
11.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at its discretion (subject to Condition 11.3 (Entitlement of the Trustee)) and 
without further notice institute such proceedings or take such steps or actions against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer under the Trust Deed, 
the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, steps or actions, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner 
than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
11.3 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
The Trustee shall not be bound to take any of the actions referred to in Condition 11.1 
(Proceedings) or 11.2 (Enforcement) above to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the 
Subordinated Notes or any other action or step under or pursuant to the Trust Deed or the 
Subordinated Notes unless (i) it shall have been so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders or in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.

--- Page 187 ---
176 
 
 
11.4 
Right of Noteholders 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails so to do within 60 days, or (ii) is 
unable for any reason to do so, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
11.5 
Extent of Noteholders' remedy 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 11, shall be available 
to the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or under the Trust Deed or in respect 
of any other breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or under the Trust Deed. 
Nothing in this Condition 11 shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, 
expenses, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or Agents or the rights and remedies of the 
Trustee or the Agents in respect thereof. 
12. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal, premium and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes and 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature (Taxes) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction 
of such Taxes is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
(Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts of principal, premium and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Subordinated Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that, only in the case of Subordinated Notes that are 
treated as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes, no such Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Subordinated Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
the holder of which is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Subordinated Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Subordinated Note or Coupon; 
(b) 
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such Additional Amount on 
presenting such Subordinated Note or Coupon for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 10.6 (Payment 
Day)).  
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Subordinated Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void 
unless claims in respect of principal, premium and/or interest are made within a period of 10 
years (in the case of principal and premium) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 23 (Definitions) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition

--- Page 188 ---
177 
 
 
10.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes 
and Coupons). 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer 
securities, as amended (the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996) requires that any amount 
that is payable under the Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons before opposition 
to such payment under the Subordinated Notes and Coupons that has been filed (by the relevant 
holder) but not yet been paid to the holder of these Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and 
Coupons is paid to the Caisse de Consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition to such 
payment under the Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons has been withdrawn or 
elapsed. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by 
means of audio or video conference call) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Subordinated 
Notes and the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or Agency Agreement. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the 
Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including 
modifying any redemption date of the Subordinated Notes, reducing or cancelling the nominal 
amount payable upon redemption, reducing or cancelling the amount payable or modifying any 
date for payment of interest or the method of calculating the rate thereon and altering the 
currency of payment of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in principal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the 
votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
Noteholders of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes for 
the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the 
Noteholders of not less than three-fourths in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes for 
the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders. A resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, 
and on all Couponholders.

--- Page 189 ---
178 
 
 
The agreement or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any variation 
of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which is required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Condition 7 (Substitution or Variation) in connection with the 
substitution or variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they become Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes under Condition 7 (Substitution or Variation). 
14.2 
Modification and Waiver 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of 
the provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Trust Deed where it is not, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to effect such 
modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement as may be 
required in order to give effect to Condition 4.10 (Benchmark Event) in connection with 
effecting any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or any other related changes 
referred to in Condition 4.10 (Benchmark Event) subject to the provisions thereof, without the 
requirement for the consent or sanction of the Noteholders or Couponholders. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination or 
substitution pursuant to Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer)), the Trustee shall have regard 
to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders or Couponholders whatever 
their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences 
of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division 
thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders, except to the extent already provided for in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for Condition 12 (Taxation), pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions under which a legal entity: 
(a) 
formed by any consolidation or merger of the Issuer with or into any other corporation 
or corporations (whether or not affiliated with the Issuer), or successive consolidations 
or mergers into which the Issuer or its successor or successors shall have been merged 
or consolidated; or 
(b) 
to which the Issuer has sold, conveyed or leased all or substantially all of the property 
of the Issuer (whether or not affiliated with the Issuer), 
(any such legal entity, a Substituted Obligor) may, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders assume the obligations of the Issuer on a subordinated basis equivalent to that 
referred to in Condition 3 (Status and Subordination) in place of the Issuer (or of any previous

--- Page 190 ---
179 
 
 
substitute under this Condition 15) as principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated 
Notes and the Coupons provided that: 
(i) 
the Substituted Obligor takes direct or indirect ownership of at least 80 per cent. of 
Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Obligor is a legal entity incorporated in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area; 
(iii) 
the Trustee is satisfied that the relevant transaction is not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; and 
(iv) 
certain further conditions specified in the Trust Deed are fulfilled. 
No Noteholder shall, in connection with any substitution, be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence thereof for such Noteholder, 
except to the extent provided for in Condition 13 (Prescription) (or any undertaking given in 
addition to or substitution for it pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Deed). 
16. 
REPLACEMENT OF SUBORDINATED NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations or other relevant 
regulatory authority regulations, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Subordinated Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Subordinated Notes) or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for that purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case 
upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
The replacement of Subordinated Notes, Talons and Coupons in bearer form in the case of loss 
or theft is subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996, which provides 
that the person who lost bearer Subordinated Notes may, subject to certain conditions, request 
the issuer of the Subordinated Notes to deliver new Subordinated Notes, Talons and Coupons. 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH 
THE ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, 
(a) to enter into business transactions with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as 
trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and 
perform its duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such 
trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other 
amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.

--- Page 191 ---
180 
 
 
18. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in 
London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if 
required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above is not 
practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given 
on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered 
Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Subordinated Notes are issued, there may, so long as any 
Global Subordinated Notes representing the Subordinated Notes are held in their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Subordinated Notes on the day on which the said notice was given 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Subordinated Note in definitive form) with the relative Subordinated 
Note or Subordinated Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Subordinated Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes). Whilst 
any of the Subordinated Notes are represented by a Global Subordinated Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of a Subordinated Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further subordinated notes ranking pari passu, and having 
terms and conditions the same as the Subordinated Notes, in all respects (or in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest 
starts to accrue) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 192 ---
181 
 
 
20. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, without the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;  
(b) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Subordinated Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Subordinated Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the 
rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
whenever a function expressed in these Conditions to be performed by the Agent Bank 
or by the Reference Banks fails to be performed, the Issuer will appoint and (for so 
long as such function is required to be performed) there will at all times be an Agent 
Bank and/or, as appropriate, Reference Banks. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 10.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments).  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in the specified offices of the 
Trustee, the Registrar or any of the Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). If any of the Registrar, the Agent Bank or 
the Principal Paying Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if it fails to make a 
determination or calculation or otherwise fails to perform its duties under these Conditions or 
the Agency Agreement (as the case may be), the Issuer shall appoint, an independent financial 
institution to act as such in its place. All calculations and determinations made by the Agent 
Bank or the Principal Paying Agent in relation to the Subordinated Notes shall (save in the case 
of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the other Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in 
certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become 
the successor agent. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
21.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with English law save for the provisions contained in Condition 3.2 (Status and 
Subordination) which shall, subject to the provisions of Condition 15 (Substitution of the

--- Page 193 ---
182 
 
 
Issuer), be governed by Luxembourg law. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 
470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Companies' Act 1915 are excluded. 
21.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 21.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated 
Notes and/or the Coupons including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity 
and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and/or the Coupons (a 
Dispute) and accordingly, each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 21.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
21.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before 
the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process 
in England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process 
in any other manner permitted by law. 
21.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above. 
22. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Subordinated Note under 
the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
23. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Conditions: 
an Accounting Event shall be deemed to occur if, as a result of a change in accounting 
principles which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), but not otherwise, the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
must not or may no longer be recorded as "equity" in the next following audited annual 
consolidated financial statements of CPI Property Group prepared in accordance with IFRS or

--- Page 194 ---
183 
 
 
any other accounting standards that CPI Property Group may adopt in the future for the 
preparation of its audited annual consolidated financial statements in accordance with 
Luxembourg company law; 
Additional Amounts has the meaning given to it in Condition 12 (Taxation); 
Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
Agent Bank has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
Agents means the Agent Bank, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Principal Paying Agent 
or any of them; 
Arrears of Interest has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.1 (Deferral of Payments); 
Authorised Signatory means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time 
being authorised to sign (whether alone or with another person or other persons) on behalf of 
the Issuer and so as to bind it; 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
a Capital Event shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer has received, and notified the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) that it has so received, confirmation 
from any Capital Rating Agency of an amendment to, clarification of or change in its 
assessment criteria or a change in the interpretation thereof which becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date (or, if later, effective after the date on which the Subordinated Notes are assigned 
"equity credit" by a Capital Rating Agency for the first time) and as a result of which, but not 
otherwise, the Subordinated Notes will no longer be eligible for the same, or a higher amount 
of, "equity credit" (or such other nomenclature that the Capital Rating Agency may then use to 
describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) as 
was attributed to the Subordinated Notes at the Issue Date (or if "equity credit" is not assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Capital Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date 
on which "equity credit" is assigned by such Capital Rating Agency for the first time); 
Capital Rating Agency means such rating agency(ies) specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, or any of their respective subsidiaries and their successors;  
a Change of Control Event will be deemed to occur if:

--- Page 195 ---
184 
 
 
(a) 
any person or any persons acting in concert (other than Mr Radovan Vítek, any member 
of his immediate family or any entity directly or indirectly controlled by him or them) 
shall acquire a controlling interest in (A) more than 50 per cent. of the issued or allotted 
ordinary share capital of the Issuer or (B) shares in the issued or allotted ordinary share 
capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer (each such event being a Change of 
Control); and 
(b) 
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and (y) the date of the first 
public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Issuer's senior unsecured 
obligations carry:  
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) 
from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or 
with the consent of the Issuer) and such rating from any Rating Agency is 
within the Change of Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment 
grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) or withdrawn and 
is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) 
from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or 
with the consent of the Issuer) and such rating from any Rating Agency is 
within the Change of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for 
illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and 
is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier 
credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also 
occurs within the Change of Control Period, and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of 
Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change 
of Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or 
withdrawn).  
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which 
are described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Event" above, or if a 
rating is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and paragraph 
(b) shall be construed accordingly;  
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement 
Date and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating 
Agency has publicly announced that any of the Issuer's senior unsecured obligations are under 
consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, rating (such public announcement being 
within the period ending 120 days after the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 120th day 
after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public announcement;

--- Page 196 ---
185 
 
 
Change of Control Step Up Date shall be the date which is five days after the date following 
the expiry of the Exercise Period; 
a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event shall have occurred if: 
(a) 
a dividend (either interim or final), other distribution or payment was validly resolved 
on, declared, paid or made in respect of any Junior Obligations, except where (x) such 
dividend, other distribution or payment was required to be resolved on, declared, paid 
or made in respect of any stock option plans or employees' share schemes of the Issuer 
or any other member of the Group or (y) the Issuer is obliged under the terms of such 
securities to make such dividend, distribution or other payment or (z) such dividend, 
distribution or payment is made (or to be made) only to the Issuer and/or any other 
entity in the Group; or 
(b) 
a dividend (either interim or final), other distribution or payment was validly resolved 
on, declared, paid or made in respect of any Parity Obligations, except where such 
dividend, distribution or payment was required to be declared, paid or made under the 
terms of such Parity Obligations or except where such dividend, distribution or 
payment is made (or to be made) only to the Issuer and/or any other entity in the Group; 
or 
(c) 
the Issuer has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any of its Junior 
Obligations, except where (x) such redemption, repurchase or acquisition was 
undertaken in respect of any stock option plans or employees' share schemes of the 
Issuer, or any other member of the Group, (y) the Issuer is obliged under the terms of 
such securities to make such redemption, repurchase or acquisition or (z) any payment 
in respect of such redemption, repurchase or acquisition is made (or to be made) only 
to the Issuer and/or any other entity in the Group; or 
(d) 
the Issuer, or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise 
acquired any Parity Obligations, except where (x) such redemption, repurchase or 
acquisition is effected as a public tender offer or public exchange offer at a purchase 
price per security which is below its par value, (y) the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer is obliged under the terms of such securities to make such redemption, 
repurchase or acquisition or (z) any payment in respect of such redemption, repurchase 
or acquisition is made (or to be made) only to the Issuer and/or any other entity in the 
Group; 
Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets means the total assets (excluding intangible assets and 
goodwill) of the Group as shown in the most recent consolidated statement of financial position 
of the audited annual or unaudited semi-annual condensed (as the case may be) financial 
statements of the Group, prepared in accordance with IFRS or IAS 34, as applicable; 
Dated Subordinated Note means any Note so specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2 (Interest Accrual); 
Deferred Interest Payment has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.1 (Deferral of 
Payments); 
Designated Account has the meaning given to it Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of 
Registered Subordinated Notes); 
EURIBOR means the month Euro Interbank Offered Rate;

--- Page 197 ---
186 
 
 
Excluded Change means the changes to the Luxembourg rules on tax deductibility of interest 
expenses that was introduced on 1 January 2019 following the law dated 21 December 2018 
that was adopted by Luxembourg Parliament; 
Exercise Period means the period from the date on which the Change of Control Event 
occurred to the day which is the earlier of (a) 60 days after such date and (b) the last day on 
which holders of senior indebtedness of the Issuer, which have a right to put (a Put Option) 
such senior indebtedness for redemption exercisable upon the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Event, and to the extent they have exercised such Put Option within any applicable put 
option redemption period (howsoever described), have received the redemption proceeds; 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
First Fixed Interest Rate has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.3 (First Fixed Interest 
Rate); 
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and its successors; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
IAS means International Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board; 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union, 
including International Accounting Standards and Interpretations, issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (as amended, supplemented or re-issued from time to time); 
Interest Payment means, in respect of an interest payment on an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount of interest payable for the relevant Interest Period in accordance with Condition 4 
(Interest); 
Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date; 
Junior Obligations means (a) any class of share capital of the Issuer; (b) all obligations of the 
Issuer issued or incurred directly or indirectly by it, which rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with any class of share capital of the Issuer; or (c) any obligations of any Subsidiaries of 
the Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which 
ranks, or is expressed to rank, pari passu with the securities referred to in (a) or (b); 
Mandatory Settlement Date means the earlier of: 
(a) 
as soon as reasonably practicable (but not later than the fifteenth Business Day) 
following the date on which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs; 
or 
(b) 
the date on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed or repaid in accordance with 
Condition 3.2 (Status and Subordination), Condition 6 (Redemption) or Condition 11 
(Enforcement Event); 
Moody's means Moody's Deutschland GmbH and its successors; 
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred, if at any time there is no rating 
assigned to the Issuer's senior unsecured obligations by any Rating Agency (at the invitation or 
with the consent of the Issuer), either (i) the Issuer does not, prior to or not later than 21 days

--- Page 198 ---
187 
 
 
after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout the 
Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of its senior 
unsecured obligations or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, 
it is unable to obtain such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent 
or better) by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that the failure to issue a rating of at 
least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or 
indirectly, from the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement 
(whether or not the Change of Control had occurred at such time); 
OECD means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; 
Parity Obligations means (if any) (a) any obligations of the Issuer, issued or incurred directly 
or indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Subordinated Notes 
and (b) any obligations of any Subsidiaries of the Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support 
agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes; 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of 
any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 
days following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; 
Principal Paying Agent has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
Paying Agents has the meaning given to it in the preamble to these Conditions; 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 (Substitution or 
Variation); 
Rate of Interest means the First Fixed Interest Rate and/or each Subsequent Reset Rate, as the 
case may be; 
Rating Agency means S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or any of their respective subsidiaries and their 
successors or any other rating agency (each a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent 
international standing specified by the Issuer from time to time and approved by the Trustee in 
writing; 
Record Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.4 (Payments in respect of Registered 
Subordinated Notes); 
Relevant Date means (a) in respect of any payment other than a sum to be paid by the Issuer 
in a winding-up or administration of the Issuer, the date on which such payment first becomes 
due and payable except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to 
such date, it means the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
and (b) in respect of a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a winding-up or administration of the 
Issuer, the date which is one day prior to the date on which an order is made or a resolution is 
passed for the winding-up or, in the case of an administration, one day prior to the date on 
which any dividend is distributed; 
Relevant Tax Jurisdiction means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of principal, 
premium and interest on the Subordinated Notes become generally subject;

--- Page 199 ---
188 
 
 
Reset Date means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reset Period means the period from one Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset 
Date up to but excluding the Maturity Date (if any); 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any of its subsidiaries and their successors; 
Senior Obligations means all obligations of the Issuer, issued or incurred directly or indirectly 
by it, other than Parity Obligations and Junior Obligations; 
Special Event means any of an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Substantial Repurchase 
Event, a Tax Deduction Event or a Withholding Tax Event or any combination of the foregoing; 
Subsequent Reset Rate has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4 (Subsequent Reset Rates); 
Subsidiary means, in relation any person (the first person) at any particular time, any other 
person (the second person): (a) whose affairs and policies the first person controls or has power 
to control, whether by ownership or share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second person or otherwise; or (b) whose financial 
statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, 
consolidated with those of the first person; 
Substantial Repurchase Event shall be deemed to occur if prior to the giving of the relevant 
notice of redemption the Issuer repurchases (and effects corresponding cancellations) or 
redeems a principal amount of the Subordinated Notes equal to or greater than the Substantial 
Repurchase Threshold Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes initially issued (which shall for this purpose include 
any further Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to Condition 19 (Further Issues)); 
Substitution or Variation Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 7 (Substitution or 
Variation); 
a Tax Deduction Event shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change 
(other than an Excluded Change) in respect of the Issuer's obligation to make any Interest 
Payment on the next following Interest Payment Date, the Issuer would no longer be entitled to 
claim a deduction in respect of computing its taxation liabilities in Luxembourg, or such 
entitlement is materially reduced compared to such entitlement as at the Issue Date and the 
Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in connection with the Subordinated Notes by taking 
measures reasonably available to it; 
Tax Law Change means a change in or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant 
Tax Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the 
power to tax, including any treaty to which a Relevant Tax Jurisdiction is a party, or any change 
in the application of official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations, 
including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any 
relevant tax authority that provides for a position with respect to such laws or regulations or 
interpretation thereof that differs from the previously generally accepted position in relation to 
similar transactions, which change or amendment becomes, or would become, effective on or 
after the Issue Date;  
Undated Subordinated Note means any Note so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
a Withholding Tax Event shall be deemed to occur if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, in 
making any payments on the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the

--- Page 200 ---
189 
 
 
next Interest Payment Date be required to pay Additional Amounts on the Subordinated Notes 
and the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing by taking measures reasonably available to it. 
If applicable, the Issuer may elect to include a statement of intention with respect to 
replacement subordinated notes in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 201 ---
190 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, including acquisitions and property developments, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final terms. 
The Issuer can specify in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the applicable Final Terms that it intends to 
apply the net proceeds from an issue of Notes specifically for Green Projects, as set out in the Issuer's 
framework for Green Bonds, which is included within the Issuer's Sustainability Finance Framework, 
dated 3 January 2022 (as amended or updated from time to time) (the Sustainability Finance 
Framework, and insofar as it relates to Green Bonds, the Green Bond Framework), which is available 
to view on the Issuer's website at https://www.cpipg.com/bondholder-corner-en#tab-item-4.  Such 
Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". 
To be eligible for Green Bond proceeds, targeted projects must fall within one of the following eligible 
categories:  
 
Green Buildings; 
 
Energy Efficiency; 
 
Renewable Energy; and 
 
Environmentally Sustainable Management of Living Natural Resources and Land Use. 
The Green Bond Framework is based on and aligned with the 2021 version of the 'Green Bond 
Principles' published by the International Capital Markets Association. To confirm such alignment, the 
Issuer has commissioned Sustainalytics as an external reviewer to provide a second-party opinion on 
the framework. The Green Bond Framework and the Sustainalytics SPO on the Sustainable Finance 
Framework (including the Green Bond Framework) are published on the Issuer's website at 
https://cpipg.com/storage/app/uploads/public/61d/feb/797/61dfeb797a48f837269241.pdf.  
The Issuer may amend or update the Green Bond Framework in the future. Any changes to the Green 
Bond Framework will be publicly announced on the Issuer's website.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond Framework and Sustainalytics second party opinion are 
not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, 
social and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion 
or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. See further information under the risk factor above 
headed, "Risk Factors - In respect of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that 
such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor".

--- Page 202 ---
191 
 
 
SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED BOND FRAMEWORK 
The Issuer's sustainability strategy has long been a key focus of the Group. The Issuer recognises the 
important role that sustainable finance plays in supporting the transition to a low-carbon and more 
resource-efficient economy. The Issuer published a Sustainability Finance Framework dated 3 January 
2022, which includes both the Issuer's Green Bond Framework and a sustainability-linked bond 
framework (in so far as it relates to sustainability-linked bonds, the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework). The Issuer intends to integrate its environmental objectives and financing strategy by the 
future issuance of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes under this Programme. 
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework is based on and aligned with the following five core 
components of the 2020 version of the 'Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles', published by the 
International Capital Markets Association: 
1. 
Selection of Key Performance Indicators;  
2. 
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets;  
3. 
Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes; 
4. 
Reporting; and 
5. 
Verification. 
Key Performance Indicator 
The Issuer has identified one key performance indicator (KPI) related to greenhouse gas emissions, and 
selected an ambitious sustainability target relating to this KPI that is relevant, core and material to its 
business. The KPI selected is greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction (GHG Scope 1 Emissions, 
GHG Scope 2 Emissions and GHG Scope 3 Emissions, calculated according to the GHG Protocol 
Standard or Categories 1 – 6 according to the International Organisation for Standardisation number 
14064-1: 2018) expressed as the Group's aggregate GHG Scope 1 Emissions, GHG Scope 2 Emissions 
and GHG Scope 3 Emissions (in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent) per square metre of the 
gross leasable area of the Group's Property Portfolio (subject to the exceptions outlined below) (the 
GHG Emissions Intensity). 
The following properties are excluded from the KPI, for the purposes of enhancing the comparability 
of the GHG Emissions Intensity and due to these properties' limited contributions to the Group's 
greenhouse gas emissions: (i) the Group's ski resort in Crans Montana, Switzerland; and (ii) the Group's 
farms in the Czech Republic (however the biogas renewable power plant owned by the Issuer's 
subsidiary Spojené farmy is included in the GHG Emissions Intensity). To the extent that a property is 
not within the Group's Property Portfolio for the entire year, the gross leasable area related to that 
Property Portfolio will be pro-rated to reflect that proportion of the year in which the relevant property 
was a part of the Group's Property Portfolio and greenhouse gas emissions attributable to the relevant 
property will also only be taken into account for the same period. The GHG Emissions Intensity also 
excludes all of the Group's GHG Scope 3 Emissions associated with the Group's investments, not 
already included in GHG Scope 1 Emissions or GHG Scope 2 Emissions, which fall within Category 
15 of the document titled "Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions (version 1.0)" 
published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources 
Institute (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Senior 
Notes) (Category 15 of Scope 3) from GHG Scope 3 Emissions. For the year ended 31 December 2020, 
the Group's greenhouse gas emissions under Category 15 of Scope 3 accounted for 13.7 per cent. of the 
Group's GHG Scope 3 Emissions in that year. All exclusions are fully in line with the Science-Based

--- Page 203 ---
192 
 
 
Target initiative (SBTi) criteria. 
Sustainability Performance Target 
A Sustainability Performance Target, as more fully described in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes, will be selected for any offering of Sustainability-Linked Senior 
Notes, to reduce the Group's GHG Emissions Intensity as described in the version of the Issuer's 
sustainability finance framework published on the Issuer's website as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes. 
The Sustainability Performance Targets have been selected by the Issuer to meet the Group's objective, 
by 31 December 2030, of reducing the Group's GHG Emissions Intensity by 30 per cent. compared to 
the Group's baseline 2019 levels, by 22 per cent. compared to the Group's baseline 2019 levels by 31 
December 2027, and by 16 per cent. compared to the Group's baseline 2019 levels by 31 December 
2025. 
The Sustainability Finance Framework dated 3 January 2022 specifies Sustainability Performance 
Targets of reducing the Group's GHG Emissions Intensity to equal or lower than any of the following: 
(i) 0.102 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per square metre in respect of the year 
ending 31 December 2025; (ii) 0.095 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per square 
metre in respect of the year ending 31 December 2027; or (iii) 0.085 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide 
equivalent emissions per square metre in respect of the year ending 31 December 2030. Only one 
Sustainability Performance Target will be applicable in respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme. 
The table below sets out the Group's actual GHG Emissions Intensity performance for the years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, and the Sustainability Performance Targets for the years 
ending 31 December 2025, 31 December 2027 and 31 December 2030, as described in the Sustainability 
Finance Framework dated 3 January 2022:  
 
 
For the year ended/ending ൭൫ December 
GHG Emissions Intensity 
൬൪൫൳ 
൬൪൬൪ 
൬൪൬൯ 
൬൪൬൱ 
൬൪൭൪ 
Target (t CO൬ eq/m൬) .............................................................. 
൪.൫൬൬
൪.൫൫൲
൪.൫൪൬
൪.൪൳൯
൪.൪൲൯
Actual performance (t CO൬ eq/m൬) ......................................... 
൪.൫൬൬
൪.൫൫൮
-
-
-
Performance vs. target ........................................................... 
൪.൪%
൭.൱%
-
-
-
 
On 31 March 2022, the Issuer published its management report for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(the 2021 Management Report), which set out revised Sustainability Performance Targets adjusted in 
accordance with the Group's GHG Recalculation Policy (see further "Calibration of Sustainability 
Performance Targets" below), due to recalculation of the Group's 2019 baseline levels.  
The recalculation of the Group's 2019 baseline levels as described in the 2021 Management Report 
therefore resulted in adjusted Sustainability Performance Targets of reducing the Group's GHG 
Emissions Intensity to equal or lower than any of the following: (i) 0.098 metric tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent emissions per square metre in respect of the year ending 31 December 2025; (ii) 
0.092 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per square metre in respect of the year 
ending 31 December 2027; or (iii) 0.082 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per 
square metre in respect of the year ending 31 December 2030. As mentioned above, only one 
Sustainability Performance Target will be applicable in respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme. 
The table below sets out the Group's actual GHG Emissions Intensity performance for the years ended 
31 December 2019, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, and the Sustainability Performance

--- Page 204 ---
193 
 
 
Targets as of the date of this Prospectus for the years ending 31 December 2025, 31 December 2027 
and 31 December 2030, as adjusted in accordance with the GHG Recalculation Policy: 
 
 
For the year ended/ending ൭൫ December 
GHG Emissions Intensity 
൬൪൫൳ 
൬൪൬൪ 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൯ 
൬൪൬൱ 
൬൪൭൪ 
Target (t CO൬ eq/m൬) .............................................................. 
൪.൫൫൲
൪.൫൫൮
൪.൫൫൫
൪.൪൳൲
൪.൪൳൬
൪.൪൲൬
Actual performance (t CO൬ eq/m൬) ......................................... 
൪.൫൫൲
൪.൫൪൮
൪.൪൳൱
-
-
-
Performance vs. target ........................................................... 
൪.൪%
(൲.൲%)
(൫൬.൯%)
-
-
-
 
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets 
The Issuer may need to adjust its Sustainability Performance Target(s) mainly in case of structural 
changes such as acquisitions, divestitures or mergers, or methodological changes (such as: updated 
emission factors, improved data access or updated calculation methods or protocols, including any 
updated emissions scenarios) in line with the Issuer's GHG Recalculation Policy. According to the GHG 
Recalculation Policy, the Group will adjust the base year greenhouse gas emissions inventory and/or 
one or more of the greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets (including the Sustainability 
Performance Target specified in the applicable Final Terms) to account for significant changes that 
cause an increase or decrease in Gross Leasable Area (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes) of greater than 5 per cent.  
The Issuer's 2030 target is in the process of validation by the SBTi as being in accordance with 2015 
Paris Agreement under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (as amended, 
the Paris Agreement) targets to limit global temperature increase versus pre-industrial levels to well 
below 2 degrees centigrade. If the SBTi approves sustainability performance targets in respect of the 
Group's GHG Emissions Intensity for any of the years ending 31 December 2025, 31 December 2027 
and 31 December 2030 which are more ambitious than the Sustainability Performance Targets set by 
the Issuer (as set out in the table above), the Issuer will update its Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
(including the interim targets for the years ending 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2027, which 
will be adjusted according to the linear interpolation and assuming a constant trajectory of improvement 
each year from the 2019 baseline to the future revised target).  In that case, any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes will thereafter be linked to the SBTi approved sustainability performance targets in respect 
of the Group's GHG Emissions Intensity for the relevant SPT Reference Year (as defined in Condition 
5.5 (Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes) or, if applicable, the interim target 
adjusted on the basis of linear interpolation as described above.  
In relation to any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes issued prior to the Issuer being notified by the 
SBTi of any such adjustment to the relevant Sustainability Performance Target specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for a particular Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the holders of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Senior Notes, to the Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable following receipt of such revised target. If the revised target relates to a year falling later 
than the SPT Reference Year of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, the Issuer shall in good faith 
calculate a revised Sustainability Performance Target for the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes using 
linear interpolation and assuming a constant trajectory of improvement each year from the 2019 baseline 
to the future revised target. The Issuer’s notice to the holders of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, 
the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall include details of the SBTI Target, (if relevant) any 
resulting interpolated Sustainability Performance Target for the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes 
(including details of the calculations employed in revising the Sustainability Performance Target), and 
shall specify whether the then-prevailing Sustainability Performance Target shall be reduced as a result 
thereof.

--- Page 205 ---
194 
 
 
If the Issuer determines in good faith that the then-prevailing Sustainability Performance Target should 
be adjusted in accordance with the GHG Recalculation Policy, the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the 
holders of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the 
Senior Notes, to the Trustee and to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
following determination of such revised target. Such notice shall (i) provide details of the event(s) 
giving rise to the application of the GHG Recalculation Policy, (ii) describe the calculations employed 
for the adjustment to the Sustainability Performance Target and (iii) set out the new Sustainability 
Performance Target (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be increased or reduced as a result of the 
application of the GHG Recalculation Policy) and the date from which the adjustment shall take effect. 
Details in respect of any adjustment to the relevant Sustainability Performance Target (whether as a 
result of application of the GHG Recalculation Policy or notification by the SBTi as described above) 
shall also be disclosed in the Group’s annual reporting described under "Reporting and Verification" 
below. 
Additional Measures to further reduce the GHG Emissions Intensity 
The Issuer has identified a range of measures which it has implemented to continue to further reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions intensity, thereby supporting continued future progression against its 
Sustainability Performance Targets. 
 
Renewable Energy: the Issuer has committed to transition all electricity purchases by 
the Group to 100 per cent. renewable sources by 2024, which the Issuer believes will 
significantly reduce overall greenhouse gas emissions and intensity in the future, given 
that electricity derived from fossil fuel sources, have been a meaningful portion of the 
Group's energy consumption (more than 30 per cent. for 2019 and 2020).  
 
Tenant involvement: the main source of greenhouse gas emissions in the Group's 
portfolio stems from the operation of buildings by the Group's tenants, where the Group 
has indirect control. Therefore, the Issuer has identified tenant involvement and 
cooperation as an important measure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
Energy efficiency enhancements: the Issuer identifies and implements opportunities 
to enhance day-to-day energy performance of its properties, extend the longevity of 
building systems and reduce future capital expenditure (CAPEX) requirements.  
 
Green CAPEX: the Issuer identifies and implements opportunities to upgrade systems 
in existing properties where relevant and where significant energy savings can be 
achieved. The Issuer considers Nearly Zero-Energy Building (NZEB) requirements for 
its CAPEX projects.  
 
Waste management: The Issuer set a target for recycling rate at a minimum 55 per 
cent. threshold by 2025 and 60 per cent. by 2030 and thus eliminate waste sent to 
landfills. The proposed targets are in line with the Directive (EU) 2018/851 
requirements.  
Characteristics of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes 
The Issuer has set out below the proposed adjustment to the characteristics of any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes, which will be applied if the Issuer does not achieve the specified Sustainability 
Performance Target in respect of the specified SPT Reference year.  
The precise mechanism for the adjustment will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Series 
of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, and will comprise of an increase in the coupon margin as

--- Page 206 ---
195 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Series of Sustainability-Senior Linked Notes (a 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin) applicable from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event (or such other date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), until maturity of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes.  
The Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Margin will be applicable following the occurrence of a 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Event, being the occurrence of any one or more of the following:  
 
the Issuer does not achieve the Sustainability Performance Target in respect of the SPT 
Reference Year or does not otherwise publish its Sustainability Performance Report in 
respect of the SPT Reference Year in accordance with the terms and conditions of any 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes;  
 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Sustainability-
Linked Step Up Event) of the Senior Notes) certifying whether or not the Group has 
achieved the Sustainability Performance Target in respect of the SPT Reference Year 
has not (for any reason) been published as required by the terms and conditions of any 
Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes; and  
 
the SPT Verification Assurance Certificate contains any reservation or other 
qualification about whether or not the Group has achieved the Sustainability 
Performance Target in respect of the SPT Reference Year. 
In respect of any Series of Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, an increase in the Rate of Interest may 
occur no more than once (and will not subsequently decrease thereafter) and there will only be one SPT 
Reference Year set.  
For the purposes of the Sustainability Performance Targets, certain potential events can substantially 
impact the calculation of the KPI, and may require the restatement of the Sustainability Performance 
Targets and/or pro-forma adjustments of baselines or KPI scope in accordance with the GHG 
Recalculation Policy. Any such readjustment will be disclosed as part of the Group's annual reporting 
on the KPI. For more information on factors that can affect the calculation of the KPI, see above "—
Calibration of Sustainability Performance Targets."   
Reporting and Verification 
To confirm that the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework is based on and aligned with the 2020 
version of the 'Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles', published by the International Capital Markets 
Association, the Issuer commissioned Sustainalytics as an external reviewer to provide a SPO on the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework. In addition, in connection with the issue of any Sustainability-
Linked Senior Notes under the Programme, the Issuer has engaged an External Verifier to carry out the 
relevant assessments required for the purposes of providing a verification assurance certificate (SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate) pursuant to the terms and conditions of any Sustainability-Linked 
Senior Notes, which will be published on the Issuer's website and will confirm whether the performance 
of the KPI meets the relevant Sustainability Performance Targets.  
The Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, the most recent Sustainalytics SPO and any SPT 
Verification Assurance Certificate are, or in the case of the latter, will be published on the Issuer's 
website at https://cpipg.com/en/sustainability.   
The Issuer may amend or update the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework in the future. Any changes 
to the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework will be publicly announced on the Issuer's website. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework, any Sustainalytics SPO or any

--- Page 207 ---
196 
 
 
SPT Verification Assurance Certificate are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form part of, 
this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes to fulfil any green, social, environmental, 
sustainability, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any 
such Notes, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion or certification was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. See further information under the risk factors above 
headed, "Risk Factors – Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics" and "Risk 
Factors – No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Joint Arrangers, the Dealers, the 
Trustee any SPO providers or any External Verifier as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report, certification or validation of any third party in connection with the 
offering of any Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes or any Sustainability Performance Targets to fulfil 
any sustainable, sustainability-linked and/or other criteria. Any such opinion, report or certification is 
not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus".

--- Page 208 ---
197 
 
 
MARKET OVERVIEW 
The Group is a leading long-term investor in income-generating real estate, predominantly in the Czech 
Republic, Berlin, Warsaw and the CEE region. The Group's five key segments are Office, Retail, 
Residential, Hotels and Resorts and the Complementary Assets Portfolio. While the largest sectors of 
the Group are office and retail, the Group also has hotels, residential, agricultural, industrial and 
logistics properties and holds a landbank primarily in the Czech Republic, of which the largest portion 
is in Prague. As at 31 December 2021, approximately 74 per cent. of the Group's properties are located 
in the Czech Republic, Germany and Poland, with the remaining properties in other countries in the 
CEE region (Hungary, Slovakia, Croatia, Romania, and a small investment in Russia) and in Western 
Europe (the UK, Italy, France and Switzerland). The Group has an asset management team which 
actively manages the portfolio to improve occupancy rates, and tenant mix. 
Below is an overview of the Group’s portfolio and the real estate market in these key segments. 
Office 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's Office segment represented approximately 48 per cent. of the 
Group's property portfolio. The Group's office portfolio is centred around Berlin, Prague and Warsaw 
and the Group is the largest office landlord in Prague and Warsaw.  
Prague 
The Group's office portfolio in the Czech Republic is primarily located in Prague, followed by Brno. 
Brno is known as the research and development centre of the Czech Republic, and has the second largest 
office market in the country. Management believes the office rental market in the Czech Republic has 
benefited from continued demand from multinational companies seeking headquarters in the CEE 
region, as well as positive economic conditions and relatively low supply in the market. The valuation 
of the Group's office portfolio in Prague stood at EUR 808 million as at 31 December 2021.  
Occupancy in the Group's Prague office portfolio as at 31 December 2021 was at 94.8 per cent., an 
increase of 2 per cent. since the end of 2020. This increase was primarily attributable to the letting of 
remaining spaces to Wolt and Kantar in the Group's recent major refurbishment of Bubenská 1 resulting 
in full occupation of the office spaces in the building.  
As at 31 December 2021, net rental income generated from the Group's office buildings in the Czech 
Republic increased by 13.5 per cent. to EUR 46.2 million (as per the 2021 Financial Statements), due 
mainly to the contribution from the redevelopment of the flagship office site Bubenská 1, combined 
with resilient occupancy and like-for-like rents across the rest of the portfolio.  
Overall in 2021, total new supply in the Prague office market reached 56,800 sqm, and at the end of the 
year, total modern office stock reached to 3.73 million sqm. The largest office districts remain at Prague 
4, 5 and 8, which accounted for over 61 per cent. of total take-up in 2021. Of the known lease 
transactions, tenants from the IT sector were the most active (16 per cent.), followed by professional 
services companies (12 per cent.) and the pharmaceutical sector (12 per cent.). 
As at the end of 2021, there was approximately 195,200 sqm of office space under construction with 
around 76,300 sqm planned for completion in 2022, with around 30 per cent. pre-leased. However, this 
depends on the ability of developers to deliver on time with rising risks stemming from shortages of 
labour and materials supply. 
In general, the office sector does not reflect any significant structural changes in the occupational 
market, although the pandemic has shifted occupancy strategies. Tenants are increasingly looking for 
more flexibility in their workspaces to accommodate hybrid working patterns and emphasise wellness

--- Page 209 ---
198 
 
 
and sustainability in their building selection. In 2021, the office leasing activity in Prague recorded a 
recovery compared to 2020 with net take-up increasing by 23 per cent. year-on-year. A total of 208,000 
sqm has been newly leased and almost 180,000 sqm leased in renegotiations or renewals. 
In last 18 months ending 31 December 2021, cautious tenant demand and weaker leasing activity pushed 
vacancy upwards. However, this trend has since stabilised at 7.8 per cent. at the end of 2021 and is 
expected to flatten in 2022. Vacancy rates are expected to trend lower at a faster pace for high-quality 
space in good locations.  
Despite the higher vacancy rate at the end of 2021, prime rents in Prague increased to a new record as 
developers incur higher construction costs. City centre prime rents increased by 9 per cent. ranging 
between EUR 23.50 and EUR 24.00 per sqm per month. Inner-city prime rents ranged from EUR 16 to 
EUR 18 per sqm per month and outer city prime rents ranged from EUR 13.50 to EUR 15.00 per sqm 
per month. Further upward pressure on prime rents in the central business district (CBD) is expected in 
2022, albeit landlords will also be pressed to improve incentives.  
The third-party data contained in this section has been sourced from Cushman & Wakefield, Coldwell 
Banker Richard Ellis (CBRE) and Savills. 
Warsaw  
The Group's Warsaw office portfolio grew to over EUR 1 billion in 2021, from just under EUR 1 billion 
in 2020 and EUR 708 million at the end of 2019. At the end of 2021, the portfolio comprised 14 
properties and 316,000 sqm of space, making the Group the largest office landlord in the city. 
Occupancy in the Group's Warsaw office portfolio increased to 95.1 per cent. in 2021 compared to 94.7 
per cent. in 2020. Despite the impact of Covid-19, the Group was able to sign a number of new leases. 
In 2021, the Group signed almost 75,000 sqm of new leases, extensions and prolongations with an 
average increase in headline rents of 14.5 per cent. The Group's office portfolio vacancy in Warsaw 
remains well below the market average of 12.7 per cent.  
Demand for traditional offices in Warsaw amounted to 646,500 sqm in 2021. representing a 7 per cent. 
growth compared to 2020. Renegotiations accounted for 45 per cent. of total office take-up – the highest 
annual figure on record, as tenants are taking a more conservative approach to leasing and renegotiating 
existing leases rather than moving to new locations. 
In 2021, overall new supply in the Warsaw market was 325,000 sqm. However, after many years, 
developer activity is now beginning to slow down with only 310,000 sqm of office space under 
construction, and developers are more cautious about starting new construction.  This is the lowest level 
since 2010. 
The combination of high supply in the Warsaw market and lower demand for new office space 
translated into lower absorption and a rising average vacancy rate, which reached 12.7 per cent. at the 
end of 2021. Subleasing activity saw a significant slowdown in 2021 with approximately 110,000 sqm 
of office space available for subleasing – 20,000 sqm less than in 2020. Additionally, tenants have 
increasingly sought flexible spaces to bring their employees back to the office.  
Office investments in Warsaw totalled EUR 1,700 million in 2021, an increase as compared to the figure 
for 2020 of EUR 1,300 million. As in previous years, office assets, located in Warsaw’s city centre, 
attracted the most interest, representing 75 per cent. of total turnover. At the end of 2021, prime office 
yields in Warsaw were at around 4.50 per cent.  
The third-party data contained in this section has been sourced from Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), CBRE 
and the Polish Chamber of Commercial Real Estate (PINK).

--- Page 210 ---
199 
 
 
Berlin  
As at 31 December 2021, occupancy in Berlin was at 92.5 per cent. compared to 91.3 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020. Part of the vacancy in the portfolio relates to space vacated for refurbishment in order 
to support the Group's ability to secure higher rents in the future.  
As at 31 December 2021, the total value of the Group's Berlin property portfolio was EUR 2,934 million 
compared to EUR 2,471 million as at 31 December 2020, an increase of 18.7 per cent. Net rental income 
increased by 8.7 per cent. compared to 2020 to EUR 85.3 million in 2021, driven mostly by organic 
growth in like-for-like rents. Like-for-like rents continued to exhibit substantial growth with a 9.1 per 
cent. increase for the total portfolio.  Average rents increased by 10.9 per cent., rising to EUR 9.55 per 
sqm per month in 2021 compared to EUR 8.61 per sqm per month in 2020. 
Total office take-up over the year amounted to 870,800 sqm, representing a 17 per cent. increase versus 
2020 levels. Notably, take-up in the fourth quarter of 2021 saw a substantial increase and amounted to 
322,600 sqm, up 77 per cent. from the previous quarter. This increase was due in significant part to 
eight large transactions with take-ups of above 10,000 sqm.  
The Berlin market remains fundamentally strong, with vacancy rates still close to historical levels, 
significant supply/demand imbalance and meaningfully lower rents versus many other major European 
cities. In recent years, the strength of the Berlin office market is partly attributed to the consistent growth 
of dynamic industries and start-ups in the city from the IT, fintech and creative sectors. Based on 2021 
data, despite only representing 4.4 per cent. of the German population and 4.3 per cent. of national 
GDP, around 60 per cent. of all investment in German start-ups was invested in Berlin-based companies 
in 2021. Additionally, the overall investment volume in German start-ups tripled to more than EUR 17 
billion. Out of the top 10 biggest funding rounds, seven went to Berlin-based start-ups. Berlin was the 
highest ranked city for the fintech/insurtech, e-commerce and health sectors.  
The vacancy rate increased slightly by 0.5 per cent. to 2.5 per cent. at the end of 2021.  This was due to 
completions of developments with a total area of 721,800 sqm and the fact that overall available stock 
remained low.  
Despite the rising vacancy rate, the prime rent in Berlin rose by 6 per cent. over the year to EUR 41 per 
sqm per month. Average rents remained unchanged at EUR 28 per sqm per month.  
In terms of the investment market, Berlin attracted EUR 6.4 billion of investment in 2021, representing 
an increase of 23 per cent. compared to 2020. The average prime yield in Berlin fell by 15 basis points 
to 2.5 per cent. at the end of 2021. 
The third party data contained in this section has been sourced from JLL, Savills, CBRE, Ernst & Young 
(EY), Start-up Barometer Deutschland, and BNP Paribas Real Estate.  
Budapest 
The value of the Group's Hungary office portfolio remained relatively stable at EUR 310 million at the 
end of 2021.  
Occupancy of the Group's Budapest office portfolio decreased from 93.5 per cent. at the end of 2020 to 
85.2 per cent. at the end of 2021, mainly due to two anchor tenants vacating their space as their leases 
expired and the reorganisation of the tenant's regional operations. All other properties have remained 
close to fully occupied. 
Net rental income decreased slightly from EUR 19.3 million in 2020 to EUR 18.5 million in 2021. Like-
for-like rents remained stable due to a 4 per cent. growth in headline rents from leases signed in 2020 
and 2021.

--- Page 211 ---
200 
 
 
Budapest's total modern office stock stood at 3.96 million sqm at the end of 2021.  
Total demand amounted to 365,780 sqm in 2021, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent. year-on-year. 
Net take-up, including new and pre-leases, accounted for 59 per cent. of total demand.   
The Group signed close to 32,000 sqm of new leases, extensions and prolongations in 2021. Of the 
leases signed, around 10,500 sqm related to new leases with a term of five years or longer, driven by 
leasing activity to fill up vacant spaces in Andrássy 9 and Arena Corner.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Budapest market office average vacancy rate ended the year at 9.2 per 
cent. representing a marginal decrease of 0.1 percentage points year-on-year, mainly due to new 
completions being delayed.  
The third party data contained in this section has been sourced from Budapest Research Forum, JLL, 
CBRE and Cushman & Wakefield.  
Retail 
The Group is the leading retail landlord in the Czech Republic and has other CEE platforms.  
The Czech Republic 
The Group's portfolio in the Czech Republic is mainly focused on regional shopping centres, retail parks 
and grocery stores such as supermarkets and hypermarkets. As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s total 
retail GLA in the Czech Republic totalled 595,000 sqm.  
Net retail income in the Czech Republic increased slightly in 2021 compared to 2020, rising from EUR 
83.5 million to EUR 89.6 million (an increase of 7.3 per cent.), primarily reflecting stable occupancy 
and rents, together with a slightly reduced level of discounts provided to tenants. Like-for-like rents 
have seen positive developments, supported by solid lease activity, one-time discounts provided to 
selected tenants in need of support, and the resilient performance of tenants in the Group's retail parks, 
hypermarkets, and supermarkets. Rent reductions were mostly provided in the first half of 2021 when 
Covid-19 lockdowns were most intense and, in most cases, provided in exchange for lease prolongation 
and the settlement of rent receivables as a precondition.  
Occupancy rates in the Group's Czech retail portfolio decreased slightly at the end of 2021. Nonetheless, 
they remained at a very high level of 96.3 per cent., including in shopping centres where occupancy 
remained at 95.7 per cent., clearly demonstrating the strength of the Group's platform and the benefits 
of support measures. In addition, occupancy in the Group's retail parks, supermarkets and hypermarkets 
stood at 100 per cent.   
Footfall in the Group's shopping centres rebounded quickly following the reopening of non-essential 
retail in the Czech Republic on 10 May 2021, following four months of lockdown. Total footfall for the 
entire year of 2021 was marginally lower by 2 per cent. compared to 2020. Footfall varied significantly 
in Prague versus the regional cities, as the visitors are somewhat tied to office occupiers. Excluding 
shopping centres in Prague, total footfall for 2021 was one per cent. higher than in 2020.  
As at 31 December 2021, the value of the Group's retail portfolio in the Czech Republic decreased to 
EUR 1,498 million in 2021 compared to EUR 1,586 million as at 31 December 2020.  
Retail spending in the Czech Republic increased by 4.8 per cent. year-on-year, largely driven by a 20 
per cent. year-on-year increase in e-commerce. For the full year of 2021, footfall was almost 30 per 
cent. below levels in 2019 and turnover down approximately 20 per cent. compared to 2019. However, 
when comparing only the period without lockdown measures (May-December 2021), turnover figures 
were in line with 2019 levels.

--- Page 212 ---
201 
 
 
Tenant quality remained solid – in 2021, there were a few exceptional cases of retailer bankruptcies and 
departures. In general, these tenants were already facing significant challenges or had decided to exit 
the Czech market before Covid-19. Furthermore, in 2021, the Group terminated lease contracts with 
fashion retailer C2H Group (Pietro Filipi, Kara, ETAM), which was already struggling prior to the 
pandemic. Most of the units vacated were re-let during the year.  
The discount-focused and convenience-oriented retail park format proved its resilience throughout the 
pandemic when most physical retail faced severe challenges. During the spring lockdown in the Czech 
Republic, retail parks became a safe haven, partly because the accessible store formats were able to 
enact social distancing measures more easily than shopping centres. This meant that after the spring 
lockdown, retail parks were able to remain operational for the remainder of the year, even when other 
non-essential retail was forced to close. As a result, almost all retail park tenants reported higher year-
to-date turnovers in 2020 compared to 2019, and this meant that tenants entered 2021 in relatively strong 
health. Consequently, the Group has not experienced any retail park tenants entering bankruptcy in 
2021.  
Occupancy in the Group's retail parks was 100 per cent. at the end of 2021. In 2021, retail parks faced 
similar measures and restrictions as shopping centres, with non-essential stores, remained close until 
May. Given the relative success of the Group's retail parks, no relevant discounts were provided during 
2021.  
Hypermarkets and supermarkets also represent a very stable part of the Group's retail segment, which 
was clearly demonstrated during the Covid-19 pandemic. Even though the segment was still partly 
affected by government restrictions around social distancing and hygiene measures, turnovers of 
hypermarkets and supermarkets continued to grow throughout the pandemic. This can be attributed to 
essential retail continuing to operate throughout the year despite lockdowns, also leading to specific 
periods of the year punctuated by heightened activity due to panic buying.  
Shopping trends also adapted to the pandemic as shoppers decreased the frequency of 
supermarket/hypermarket visits but increased average basket sizes per visit. According to research by 
Nielsen IQ based on shopper behaviour in the Czech Republic during 2020, the volume of transactions 
decreased by 8 per cent. in hypermarkets and 19 per cent. in supermarkets. However, the e-commerce 
share of total retail sales remains relatively low compared to other markets such as Western European 
markets.   
In light of the buoyant activity during the year, the hypermarkets and supermarkets portfolio continues 
to be 100 per cent. occupied.   
The third-party data contained in this section has been sourced from Cushman & Wakefield, CBRE, 
Nielsen IQ and Savills.  
Italian retail market  
The Italian retail sector's performance continued to be driven by Covid-19 restrictions but overall saw 
improvements during the second half of 2021. While October recorded turnover volumes above 2019 
levels, the overall turnover and footfall for the year remain below 2019 levels. The best performing 
segments were electronics, household goods and sportswear, while restaurants and food courts 
continued to be heavily impacted. Out-of-town retail parks showed their resilience and essential nature, 
with sales mostly back to pre-pandemic levels.  
Rents for shopping centres remained stable at around EUR 75 per sqm per month, while prime high 
street rents in the top cities slightly increased.  
Italy recorded an investment volume of EUR 1.4 billion for retail assets in 2021, of which 68 per cent.

--- Page 213 ---
202 
 
 
high street retail. Yields for prime shopping centres stood at 6.15 per cent. at the end of 2021, a 75 basis 
points increase compared to year-end 2019 levels.  
The third-party data contained in this section has been sourced from CBRE, Cushman & Wakefield and 
Savills.  
Hungarian retail market  
The trend of larger basket sizes despite lower footfall can also be observed in the Hungarian retail 
market. Nominal retail sales are up by 12 per cent. compared to December 2019, partly driven by higher 
inflation. Apparent differences can be observed between various categories with food, pharmaceuticals 
and cosmetics 12-month rolling sales clearly above December 2019 levels. Meanwhile, furniture, 
houseware and electrical equipment sales declined in 2021. Fashion and shoe saw a recovery during 
2021 but remained well below pre-pandemic levels.  
Limited new space supply came into the market, with around 15 per cent. of shopping centre stock 
currently under refurbishment. In regional locations, small-scale new projects and new retail spaces 
were delivered, forming part of residential buildings' ground floors.  
The number of new retail entries is increasing with brands such as Jimmy Choo and The Gap entering 
the market. Rent levels remained mainly stable. Prime shopping centre yields stood at 6.25 per cent.  
The third-party data contained in this section has been sourced from CBRE and JLL.  
Polish retail market  
The Polish retail sector experienced very similar patterns to the Czech market. Footfall improved year-
over-year but 2021 levels remained 29 per cent. below 2019 levels, with September 2021 being the 
most favourable month, recording footfall levels close to pre-pandemic levels. Turnovers recovered 
significantly better, with 2021 levels remaining only 16 per cent. below 2019 results while nearly 
recovering in December 2021 following a positive trend during the second half of 2021. 
The supply of modern retail spaces grew by approximately 300,000 sqm in 2021. Parks continued to be 
favoured by investors and developers, representing around half of the new supply. Other popular 
convenience led retail projects consisted of mixed-use projects and ground floors of residential 
developments. Overall supply was focused on towns with a population of below 100,000 inhabitants. 
Demand for spaces was driven by discount stores and grocery chains, while fashion and sports retailers’ 
needs appeared to be saturated. International brands continue to expand into Poland with the arrival of 
brands such as Rituals Cosmetics, Half Price and Colynn. Headline rents remained stable in the range 
of EUR 100 to EUR 130 per sqm per month for shopping centres in Warsaw EUR 40 to EUR 60 per 
sqm per month in regional cities. Tenants increasingly demanded shorter leases and turnover dependent 
rents. Healthy occupier-cost ratios will be particularly important in a more inflationary environment. 
As at 31 December 2021, prime shopping centre yields stood at 5 per cent. in Warsaw city centre. In 
comparison, regional cities recorded levels of 5.8 per cent. in the Silesian Conurbation and up to 6.5 
per cent. in Szecin. 
The third-party data contained in this section has been sourced from CBRE and Cushman & Wakefield.  
Slovak retail market  
The Slovak retail market is split by shopping centres in Bratislava and other larger cities, representing 
around 66.5 per cent. of the total retail area, with retail parks dominant outside Bratislava. Like in its 
neighbouring markets, Slovak footfall and tenant sales continue to be driven by government regulations. 
In addition, the Government of Slovakia no longer provides support for tenants in the form of rent

--- Page 214 ---
203 
 
 
reliefs and financial aid to businesses.  
Slovakia saw new supply in spaces from a major shopping centre opening in Bratislava and the 
extension of existing schemes. The pipeline is currently filled with only one large-scale project in the 
capital. Eleven new foreign brands entered the market in Bratislava and Novum Prešov. Rents remained 
stable at around EUR 65 per sqm per month.  
Investment demand mainly stems from domestic investors with retail parks and standalone retail 
warehouses in particular demand. Prime shopping centre yields remain stable at around 6 per cent. in 
Bratislava and other major cities, while retail parks' yields are narrowing towards 7 per cent. as at 31 
December 2021. Total investment volumes in Slovakia as at 31 December 2021 reached EUR 765 
million, of which 44 per cent. represented retail (approximately EUR 337 million). The sale of the 
Aupark shopping centre dominated the transaction with the first payment of EUR 270 million in 2021, 
with six other retail transactions recorded in 2021.  
The third party data contained in this section has been sourced from Cushman & Wakefield and CBRE.  
Residential 
The Czech Republic 
The valuation of the Group's residential portfolio increased by EUR 218 million year-on-year to EUR 
733 million in 2021. 
Market rents have been consistently rising in Prague and major regional cities for a number of years, 
buoyed by economic factors such as very low unemployment. In addition, residential development has 
not kept pace with population growth in recent decades, especially in regional cities.  
Low interest rates and continued uncertainty and disruption as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic 
prompted many to turn to real estate as an alternate form of investment. An easing of strict regulations 
around mortgage loans by the Czech National Bank and the abolition of a long-debated real estate 
acquisition tax also contributed to the recent increase in demand for real estate.  
Net rental income grew significantly in 2021 compared to the prior year, increasing by 30 per cent. to 
EUR 19.9 million, driven by consistent increases in occupancy and like-for-like rents, combined with 
a significant reduction of property operating expenses. This performance represents a continuation of 
the trajectory that the portfolio has been on in recent years, with occupancy having consistently 
increased year-on-year across the portfolio, together with growth in like-for-like rents from historically 
below-market levels, and steadily falling refurbishment costs, following significant improvements made 
to the portfolio in recent years.  
The third party data contained in this section has been sourced from CBRE, Deloitte Czech Republic, 
JLL and Colliers.  
The UK 
The value of the UK residential portfolio stood at EUR 247 million as at 31 December 2021. The Group 
established a small presence in the London residential market beginning in 2018. The Group's 
acquisitions primarily relate to prime properties in prime locations, typically acquired at significant 
discounts to fair value. In late 2020, the Group added additional apartments situated in St. John's Wood 
and South Kensington, taking advantage of the market mispricing from Brexit and the Covid-19 
pandemic. The last tenants left the property in St. John's Wood which is being prepared for 
redevelopment to capture the upside potential inherent in its highly regarded residential area.

--- Page 215 ---
204 
 
 
Hotels and Resorts 
The value of the Group's hotels and resorts portfolio increased to EUR 823 million at the end of 2021 
from EUR 749 million at the end of 2020.  
The Czech Republic and Prague 
Due to Covid-19 restrictions in the first half of 2021, hotel performance in the Czech Republic and other 
parts of Europe was severely impacted. Occupancy and the Average Daily Rate (ADR) in Prague for 
the first half of 2021 was only 6 per cent. and EUR 55, respectively. Measures were gradually relaxed 
from May 2021 as case numbers declined and vaccinations progressed significantly.  
The second half of 2021 was more positive, with Prague outperforming many other international cities, 
recording a full-year occupancy and ADR of 21 per cent. and EUR 70, a growth of 34 per cent. versus 
2020. The recovery in the latter part of the year shows Prague's market resilience and attractiveness to 
tourism, being limited by external travel restrictions and travellers' concerns on changing measures. 
Domestic tourism has been the main driving force of the recovery, especially mountain and resort 
destinations.  
In the Czech Republic, 11.4 million guests stayed in collective accommodation establishments in 2021, 
an increase of 5.2 per cent. from the 10.8 million guests in the same period for 2020. Domestic guests 
accounted for 77 per cent. of guests. Historically, the Czech Republic saw a 50:50 split between 
domestic and foreign guests. Since the pandemic, the proportion has shifted towards a 72:25 split. 
Foreign guests reached 2.6 million, slightly lower than the total recorded in 2020 of 2.8 million. The 
top three source markets in 2021 were from Germany, Slovakia and Poland.  
While the Prague hotel market did not rebound dramatically in 2021, it remains a highly attractive 
market for many operators. According to Cushman & Wakefield, Prague is the most attractive market 
for hotel operators in the CEE region. Despite the short-term pandemic volatility, these operators 
believe in the market's long-term performance potential. Other cities in the CEE region at the forefront 
of operators' interest include Warsaw, Budapest and Bucharest.  
Travel is returning in the region, and the outlook is promising with the Czech Republic taking up the 
EU Presidency and hosting many international events in 2022. Market recovery should also benefit 
from some delayed development pipeline.  
The third party data contained in this section has been sourced from STR Inc. (STR), Cushman & 
Wakefield and the Czech Statistical Office.  
Complementary Assets   
Landbank in the Czech Republic  
In the Czech Republic, landbank holdings amount to EUR 973 million. 
The majority of the Czech landbank (valued at more than EUR 600 million) is situated in Prague, mainly 
relating to Bubny, a 201,000 sqm area strategically located close to the CBD and where the Group 
completed the redevelopment of flagship office Bubenská 1 in late 2020.  
The majority of the remainder of the Czech Republic's landbank relates to Nová Zbrojovka, Brno – 
where the Group is completing the regeneration and redevelopment of one of the largest brownfields in 
Brno and in 2020, the Group completed the redevelopment of its first office property in the new 
neighbourhood, ZET.office.  
Given the scarce availability of land in Prague and across the country and constraints in obtaining 
building permits, the value of strategic land plots has been increasing.

--- Page 216 ---
205 
 
 
Landbank & Development in Berlin 
In Berlin, the Group owns landbank plots currently valued at EUR 157 million over a land area of 
100,000 sqm, located in attractive areas. This provides opportunities for low-risk extensions and 
developments. 
The Group has completed several office developments in Berlin in recent years. These developments 
have proven highly successful in occupancy, rent and value growth. Building on this success, selective 
development of its strategic landbank provides another source of future growth.  
In its new developments, the Group is able to attract blue-chip tenants with prime-level rents. The 
modern extension development TorHaus was completed and handed over to a single tenant in late 2021. 
This was done ahead of schedule and the project will achieve a Building Research Establishment's 
Environmental Assessment Method (BREEAM) (Very Good) rating. The Group always applies for 
BREEAM certification for significant new-build developments, which helps support the Group's ESG 
objectives.  
The Group also has a number of attractive future developments in its pipeline, largely relating to 
extensions in and around the portfolio’s existing properties, such as: 
 
Zossener Straße: involving the creation of 6,500 sqm of new construction space and the 
modernisation of a further 4,500 sqm of existing space in modular and flexible design, which 
is due to commence in 2022. An excellent central location in the centre of Kreuzberg with 
modern design and technology harmoniously combined with historical character.  
 
Schönefeld: a large land plot with a gross area of 81,500 sqm directly adjacent to the new Berlin 
airport in Schönefeld, with the potential to build up to 150,000 sqm of gross floor area. The 
project has a targeted development start in 2025 and the Group is currently in the process of 
obtaining various permits.  
The value of the landbank in Berlin increased in 2021 due to the acquisition of an 81,500 sqm plot in 
Schönefeld directly adjacent to the new airport in Berlin, together with 50 per cent. stakes in three future 
office and residential developments in central Berlin locations.  
Landbank in Italy  
In Italy, the Group holds landbank currently valued at EUR 347 million. The majority of landbank in 
Italy is primarily located in the periphery of Rome and strategically focused on holistic mixed-use 
(residential and commercial) development with ample green public community spaces envisaged.  
These strategic land plots offer significant opportunistic potential upside, having been purchased at 
exceptional discounts to fair value through acquisitions of non-performing loans. The Group aims to 
take advantage of the decades-long undersupply of much needed modern, energy-efficient buildings in 
Rome.

--- Page 217 ---
206 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Group is a leading long-term investor in income-generating real estate, predominantly in the Czech 
Republic, Berlin and Poland and the CEE region. The Group's five key segments are Office, Retail, 
Residential, Hotels and Resorts and the Complementary Assets Portfolio. While the largest sectors of 
the Group are office space and retail, the Group also has hotels, residential, agricultural, industrial, and 
logistics properties and holds a landbank primarily in the Czech Republic, of which the largest portion 
is located in Prague. As at 31 December 2021, approximately 74 per cent. of the Group's properties are 
located in the Czech Republic, Germany and Poland, with the remaining properties in other countries 
in the CEE region (Hungary, Slovakia, Croatia, Romania, and a small investment in Russia) and in 
Western Europe (the UK, Italy, France, Switzerland and Austria). 
Management believes that the Group was, as at 31 December 2021, one of Europe's largest owners of 
real estate, with a diversified property portfolio worth EUR 13,119 million. 
The Group has an asset management team which actively manages the portfolio to improve occupancy 
rates, and tenant mix. The Group conducts asset management at the headquarters level, and at the local 
level for all key segments and geographies. 
The Issuer's management team has on average more than 16 years of experience in the property industry, 
mainly in the CEE region, with particular expertise in asset and property management, finance, leasing 
and development. The Group benefits from the local knowledge and expertise of its regional managers, 
whose input is integral to the business.  
The following table sets out an overview of the Group's corporate structure as at 31 March 2022:  
 
A full list of the Group's entities and subsidiaries is available at Appendix I to the 2021 Financial

--- Page 218 ---
207 
 
 
Statements.  
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 July 2004 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg in the 
form of a public limited liability company (société anonyme). The Issuer is registered with the trade 
and companies register under number B102254. The registered office of the Issuer is located at 40 rue 
de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The telephone number of the 
Issuer is +352 26 47 67 58. 
Mr Radovan Vítek is the majority shareholder of the Group. Mr Vítek has been active as an investor in 
the real estate market for more than 25 years and became the majority owner of the Issuer in 2014 
through the incorporation of the Czech CPI Group into the GSG Group in 2014. See "—Major 
Shareholders". 
Competitive Strengths 
Management believes that the Group's key competitive strengths are its: 
 
Market leading position in the Czech Republic, Berlin and the CEE region, benefiting from 
scale and diversity of income. The Group is a leading long-term investor in income-generating 
real estate, predominantly in the Czech Republic, Berlin and Poland. Management believes the 
Group is one of Europe's largest owners of real estate, with a diversified portfolio worth in 
aggregate EUR 13,119 million as of 31 December 2021, including 367 commercial properties, 
in aggregate 11,755 residential units and in aggregate 7,025 hotel rooms (including hotels 
operated, but not owned by, the Group). In particular, the Group is the clear market leader in 
commercial real estate and the second largest residential property owner in the Czech Republic, 
a leading landlord of office property in Berlin, the number one office landlord in Prague and 
Warsaw, and has a solid market position with high-quality office and retail assets in Hungary 
and Slovakia. 
 
Well diversified business by geography, segment, asset portfolio and tenants. The Group's real 
estate business is well diversified by geography, segment, asset portfolio and tenants. The 
Group's largest sectors are office, retail and residential. The Group also has hotels and resorts, 
agricultural, industrial and logistics properties and holds a landbank primarily located in the 
Czech Republic, the largest segment of which is in Prague. Approximately 74 per cent. of the 
Group's properties are located in the Czech Republic, Germany and Poland, with the remaining 
properties located in other CEE and Western European countries. As of 31 December 2021, the 
Group's top ten income-generating properties represented 16.7 per cent. of the total property 
portfolio by value. The Group’s top ten tenants represented 10 per cent. of gross rental income 
as at 31 December 2021. In recent years, the CEE region has benefited from strong GDP 
growth, declining unemployment rates and significant yield compression on real estate and 
rental growth underpinned by positive inflation expectations. 
 
Robust occupancy rates supported by a balanced lease maturity profile and a track record of 
renewals. Occupancy rates in the Group are high at 93.8 per cent. and 93.7 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. The Group generally maintains a 
balanced lease maturity profile which is carefully managed to mitigate against the risk of re-
leasing and provides the Group with resilient income streams. The Group has maintained 
shorter leases in its Berlin office portfolio in order to capture higher market rents.  
 
High quality property portfolio augmented by acquisitions and refurbishments. The Group's 
properties were valued in aggregate at EUR 13,119 million as of 31 December 2021, having 
grown from EUR 10,316 million as of 31 December 2020. The growth in valuation between

--- Page 219 ---
208 
 
 
these dates was primarily due to acquisitions and the positive revaluations reflecting the strong 
performance of the Group's core markets. The Group's recent material acquisitions are detailed 
in "Description of Issuer – History" and further subsections.  
 
Prudent financial policy and robust credit metrics. The Group maintains a prudent financial 
policy. Foreign exchange risks are effectively managed by shifting risks associated with 
movements in exchange rates to its tenants in most of its Euro-denominated contracts in order 
to hedge exposure to currency risks in its loans; it uses interest rate swaps to hedge against 
interest rate risks and uses a credit rating scorecard to manage credit risk associated with its 
tenants. The Group is also able to draw on a diverse range of capital and liquidity sources 
including issuances of bonds under the Programme, secured loans from its relationship banks 
and equity investment from its majority shareholder and also with funds from Apollo Funds, 
managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, Apollo). The Group's landbank represents 11.6 per cent. or EUR 1,524 million of 
its total property portfolio, representing a source of flexibility and liquidity for the Group. The 
Group also has strong credit metrics, which management believes provide it with the capacity 
to further de-lever. As of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's net loan to 
value was 35.7 per cent. and the Net Interest Coverage Ratio was 4.6x.  
 
Experienced management team backed by strong shareholder support. The Issuer's 
management has on average more than 16 years of experience in the property industry, mainly 
in the CEE region, with particular expertise in asset and property management, finance, leasing 
and development. The Group benefits from the local knowledge and expertise of its regional 
managers, whose input is integral to the business. The Issuer is committed to the continued and 
progressive implementation of best practices with respect to corporate governance and 
continues to adjust and improve its internal practices in order to meet evolving standards. The 
Issuer aims to communicate regularly with its shareholders and stakeholders regarding 
corporate governance and follows the principles and recommendations of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange as a reference for its corporate governance rules. This management team is 
backed by strong shareholder support. The majority shareholder, Mr Radovan Vítek, has been 
active as an investor in the Czech real estate market for more than 25 years and became the 
majority owner of the Issuer in 2014. Mr Radovan Vítek and entities owned by him have 
invested more than EUR 2 billion in the Issuer. This includes cash contributions of EUR 150.0 
million in November 2021, EUR 100.0 million in September 2021, EUR 50.0 million in April 
2018, EUR 100.0 million in November 2017 and EUR 51.5 million in June 2017; an in-kind 
contribution of EUR 4.45 million in December 2016; a cash contribution of EUR 130 million 
in November 2016; a cash contribution of EUR 55 million in June 2016; a EUR 297 million 
bond contribution in exchange for shares in April 2016; and a EUR 149 million bond and loan 
contribution in exchange for shares in December 2014. The Group has not historically paid 
dividends but has reinvested retained earnings in the business. The Group does not have any 
current plans to commence dividend payments. 
Strategy 
The Group's strategy is focused on:  
 
growing net operating income and long-term property value by (i) reinvesting the Group's 
profits in upgrades and refurbishment of its properties, and (ii) opportunistic acquisitions of 
stable, income-generating assets in markets where the Group has an active presence. The Group 
remains primarily focused on office assets, but is also open to selective and strategic

--- Page 220 ---
209 
 
 
acquisitions in other segments including retail, hotels and landbank assets, where superb long-
term value can be captured; 
 
active asset management in capital cities and large regional cities to increase net rental 
income by expanding occupancy rates, increasing rent per square metre, offering new services 
and spaces to satisfy and retain existing tenants, reducing operational costs and divesting non-
core assets which do not contribute to the Group's strategy; 
 
diversifying the Group's debt financing portfolio and utilising opportunities created by the 
Group's credit rating and the low-interest environment to reduce its financing costs, 
consolidate debt at the holding company level and attract new investors; and  
 
maintaining a disciplined approach to pricing and leverage, which demonstrates the Group's 
commitment to strong investment grade credit ratings and draws on the Group's ability to buy 
property assets from short-term investors or over-leveraged sellers, and manage its leverage 
through the use of external sources of financing and its well-established relations with financial 
institutions. 
History 
The Issuer was founded in 2004 as an investor, developer and asset manager in the real estate market.  
In 2007, the Issuer acquired a majority interest in Gewerbesiedlungs-Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung (GSG). GSG and its respective subsidiaries (GSG, together with its subsidiaries, GSG Berlin) 
is a real estate group with a property portfolio located exclusively in Berlin. The roots of GSG Berlin 
can be traced back to 1965, with its incorporation as a joint venture by the Government of the Federal 
State of Berlin, the Berlin Chamber of Skilled Crafts (Handwerkskammer Berlin) and the Berlin 
Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Industrie- und Handelskammer Berlin) to establish a state-backed 
commercial development company to promote the development of regional economic infrastructure in 
what was then West Berlin by developing or redeveloping suitable office and commercial space to offer 
to small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs), start-ups and nascent companies at affordable, often 
subsidised, rents. Also in 2007, the shares of the Issuer were admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
In 2014, Mr Radovan Vítek acquired a majority interest in the Issuer in exchange for 100 per cent. of 
the issued shares in Czech Property Investments, a.s. (CPI). CPI is a real estate group concentrating on 
long-term investments and the lease of real estate, mainly in the CEE region. CPI has been operating in 
the real estate market since the late 1990s and was active across the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, 
Slovakia and Romania. The Group's acquisition of CPI brought not only a valuable real estate portfolio 
comprising a diverse range of assets in the CEE region, but also more than 20 years of investment 
experience of operating in the CEE markets. 
In 2015, the Group acquired the Ullsteinstrasse 73 industrial complex in Berlin-Tempelhof, and entered 
the mountain resort sector by acquiring a majority shareholding in Remontées Mécaniques Crans-
Montana-Aminona, a Swiss entity owning and operating cable cars in the Crans-Montana ski resort, 
and CMA Immobilier SA, a Swiss entity owning real estate and rights to develop a high-end hotel 
complex and car park in Crans-Montana.  
In 2016, the Group acquired a majority shareholding in Sunčani Hvar d.d. (SHH), a hotel company 
operating on the island of Hvar, Croatia; a majority shareholding in Orco Property Group (OPG) and 
CPI Hotels, a.s. (CPI Hotels), a hotel operator which operates 29 of the Group's hotels situated in the 
Czech Republic, Slovakia, Poland and Hungary.

--- Page 221 ---
210 
 
 
Also in 2016, the Group launched the revitalisation of a 20-hectare of brownfield site in central Brno in 
the Czech Republic, which is expected to comprise 800 apartments and 30,000 sqm of office space, 
with total investments planned to exceed EUR 150 million; and increased its share capital by over EUR 
500 million.  
In 2017, the Group acquired a retail portfolio of 11 shopping centres located in the Czech Republic, 
Hungary, Poland and Romania with a total leasable area of approximately 280,000 sqm from CBRE 
Global Investors. The acquired portfolio consists of: (i) major shopping centres Olympia Plzeň and Nisa 
Liberec in the Czech Republic, Ogrody in Poland, Pólus and Campona in Hungary and Felicia in 
Romania; (ii) two multifunctional complexes (Zlatý Anděl in Prague and Andrássy Complex in 
Budapest); and (iii) two Interspar stores in Nyíregyháza and Zalaegerszeg (Hungary). It also disposed 
of the Lozorno logistics park, located outside Bratislava in Slovakia. 
In December 2017, the Group acquired a 94.9 per cent. shareholding in "ARMO 
Verwaltungsgesellschaft mit beschrankter Haftung", a German company which owns four commercial 
assets, two of which, with a total GLA of approximately 75,800 sqm, are in Berlin and the remaining 
two of which, with a total GLA of approximately 31,500 sqm, are in Karlsruhe. In December 2017, the 
Group also acquired (i) a historical building in Český Krumlov which it plans to refurbish into a four 
star boutique hotel with approximately 30 rooms; (ii) a hotel, Ibis Olomouc Centre, in Olomouc with 
90 rooms and (iii) a building in central Budapest with approximately 3,700 sqm of GLA, which it 
intends to refurbish into a three star hotel. 
In 2018, the Group made a number of property asset acquisitions. This included a 100 per cent. 
shareholding in Zgorzelec Property Development sp. z o.o., the owner of a retail park in Zgorzelec, 
Poland; Futurum Hradec Králové Shopping Centre with a total floor area of 39,000 sqm and 1,350 
parking spaces; four existing retail parks in Poland – Retail park HopStop Zamość 1, Retail park 
HopStop Zamość 2, Retail park HopStop Rembertów and Retail park Hop Stop Radom; two office 
properties, Atrium Centrum and Atrium Plaza, in Warsaw with a total floor area of 32,000 sqm; and 11 
luxury apartments at Buxmead in North London.  
Also in 2018, the Group acquired the hotel operator of the Holiday Inn hotel in Rome. The Group also 
disposed of ten subsidiaries, which were considered as non-core assets.  
In the final quarter of 2019, the Group acquired three properties in Warsaw for more than EUR 560 
million (Equator IV, Eurocentrum Office Complex and Warsaw Financial Centre), with a total GLA 
exceeding 156,000 sqm. As a result, the level of green certification in the Group's property portfolio 
also increased to more than 14 per cent. of GLA by the end of 2019, from 8 per cent. in 2018.  In 
February 2019, the Group acquired Hotel Park Inn in Ostrava, Czech Republic. In June 2019, the Group 
acquired a four star Holiday Inn hotel in Brno. In June 2019, the Group also acquired 7 St James's 
Square in London, offering up to 33,000 square feet of GLA for offices. In September 2019, the Group 
acquired seven fully let homes at West Village, a development of contemporary homes in Notting Hill, 
London.  In December 2019, the Group acquired a land plot in central Prague with a total area of more 
than 10,000 sqm. The Group also made disposals of EUR 77 million in 2019, principally the sale of 
inventories in France and in the Czech Republic, and the sale of non-strategic retail assets in the Czech 
Republic. 
During 2020, the Group continued the Warsaw office acquisition strategy that began in the final quarter 
of 2019 and acquired six offices for more than EUR 260 million (Green Corner A, Equator II, Equator 
I, Moniuszki 1A, Chałubinskiego 8 and Concept Tower), bringing the total value of the Group’s 
Warsaw office portfolio to nearly EUR 1 billion, representing over 315,000 sqm of leasable area. As a 
result, the Group established itself as the city’s leading office landlord.

--- Page 222 ---
211 
 
 
On 27 January 2020, the Group invested in Globalworth and announced its initial acquisition of 
13,391,959 shares. The Group has since increased its shareholding in Globalworth through subsequent 
investments. For more information, see "Description of the Issuer – Globalworth" below.  
On 28 January 2020, the Group announced its acquisition of the Green Corner A an office building in 
Warsaw, Poland from DWS Group. Green Corner A is a 14,860 square metre office building, 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum certified and located in the central 
business district of Warsaw.  
On 30 January 2020, the Group announced its acquisition of the Equator II office building, covering 
23,000 square metres over 14 floors, in Warsaw, Poland from Karimpol Polska. 
On 6 March 2020, the Group announced the acquisition of Equator I. located on Aleje Jerozolimskie, 
in the vicinity of Zawisza Square, Equator I was completed in 2008 and comprises over 19,500 square 
metres of class A office space located on 15 floors. Equator I was acquired from IMMOFINANZ. 
On 25 March 2020, the Group announced its acquisition of the Moniuszki 1A office building, which 
offers 10,000 square metres across 18 floors, and was fully refurbished in 2015. Moniuszki 1A is located 
near Świętokrzyska metro station and offers direct access to two metro lines as well as several tram and 
bus stops. 
On 24 April 2020, the Group acquired a 50.3 per cent. shareholding in Tower-Service sp. z o.o., the 
owner of the Chałubinskiego 8 office building in Warsaw.  Located in the heart of the city, 
Chałubinskiego 8 is one of the most recognisable and distinctive high-rise office properties in central 
Warsaw. The property comprises 46,000 square metres of GLA across 47 floors, and features a high-
quality roster of tenants including the Capital City of Warsaw, National Health Fund and MAPEI. 
On 26 August 2020, the Group announced the acquisition of Concept Tower, an office building located 
in the dynamic Wola district at Grzybowska Street in Warsaw. Concept Tower was built in 2012 and 
includes 9,000 square metres of A+ office space across 15 floors. The building is easily accessible from 
the city centre and is closely linked to the rest of Warsaw by metro line. It is certified LEED Gold.  
In November 2020, the Group acquired 50.1 per cent. of Next RE (formerly Nova RE), an Italian real 
estate company. For more information, see "Description of the Issuer – Next RE (formerly Nova RE)" 
below. 
In the third quarter of 2020, the Group completed two small acquisitions which complement its existing 
UK residential platform. The first is St. Mark’s Court, with 24 apartments and the potential for 
expansion, located in St. John’s Wood, London. The second, Metrogate House, consists of three 
interconnected properties located in South Kensington, London. The purchase prices for both 
acquisitions were below £1,000 per square foot, representing exceptional value for these locations. The 
Group intends to refurbish both properties over time.  
In the first half of 2021, the Group continued its highly selective approach to investing in the UK by 
acquiring 27 Savile Row in Mayfair, London. Recently decommissioned as London's West End Central 
Police Station and comprising over 5,500 sqm of space, 27 Savile Row was purchased from the police 
as a development opportunity which may be converted into offices, residential or a mixed-use scheme 
in line with the building's heritage and prime location.  
In April 2021, the Group acquired Hibiscus, an office in Rome, from the Armellini Family. The property 
is located near major transport and infrastructure hubs. The tenant base is diversified and includes 
mainly Italian public and private sector companies, including SOSE, a company owned by the Ministry 
of Economic and Finance and the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 223 ---
212 
 
 
On 28 May 2021, the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Group (the AGM) was held in 
Luxembourg, with approximately 93.6 per cent. of the voting rights present or represented. The AGM 
approved the statutory and consolidated annual accounts and the allocation of financial results for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2020. The AGM also granted a discharge to the Company's Board 
of Directors and the auditor for the performance of their duties during the financial year ending 31 
December 2020. The AGM further resolved to re-appoint the following persons as members of the 
Group's Board of Directors until the AGM of 2022: Edward Hughes, Philippe Magistretti, Martin 
Němeček, Tomáš Salajka, Omar Sattar, Jonathan Lewis and Oliver Schlink. Martin Němeček was 
appointed as the managing director (administrateur délégué) of the Group. The AGM also approved 
EY as an auditor of the Group until the AGM of 2022.  
The AGM also approved the Group's buy-back programme's terms and conditions, enabling the 
Company's repurchase of its own shares. In particular, the AGM authorised the Board of Directors of 
the Company to repurchase, in one or several steps, a maximum of one billion (1,000,000,000) shares 
in the Company, for a purchase price in the range of EUR 0.01 to EUR 5.  
On 25 June 2021, the Group acquired a portfolio of assets in Italy which originated from the 
restructuring of loans from UniCredit S.p.A. to an Italian family company. The portfolio primarily 
consists of Maximo, which opened in October 2020 as the first new shopping centre in Rome for more 
than 15 years. Maximo, which has approximately 100 per cent. occupancy, has a 60,578 sqm location 
along Via Laurentina in Rome and includes the first Primark in Rome. Through the restructuring, the 
Issuer also acquired 404,400 sqm of land for development in the Tor di Valle area of Rome, along with 
other smaller assets in Italy. The total consideration paid by the Issuer represented a significant discount 
on the expected market value, and consisted of EUR 368.3 million, including a EUR 116.6 million 
reduction in shareholder loans. 
On 28 June 2021, the Group announced the completion of certain acquisitions in Berlin and Italy. On 
25 June 2021, GSG Berlin acquired (i) a land plot with an area of 81,500 sqm in Schönefeld, directly 
adjacent to the new airport in Berlin, and (ii) a 50 per cent. stake in three future developments in central 
Berlin locations for an aggregate amount of EUR 15.3 million.  
On 5 August 2021, a framework agreement was signed between the Issuer, certain companies of the 
DeA Capital Group (DeA Capital) and Next RE (formerly Nova RE).  The Group is the majority owner 
of Next RE (formerly Nova RE), one of only five Italian companies to hold Società di Investimento 
Immobiliare Quotata (SIIQ) status, which is similar to the REIT regime, and is listed on the Milan Stock 
Exchange. DeA Capital is the leading independent platform for alternative asset management in Italy, 
with combined assets under management of nearly USD 25 billion, including more than USD 10 billion 
invested in real estate. Pursuant to the framework agreement, DeA Capital Real Estate SGR S.p.A. will 
become Next RE (formerly Nova RE)’s exclusive external asset management advisor and will provide 
a broad range of services to enhance the investment, financial and operational capabilities of Next RE 
(formerly Nova RE). In connection with the framework agreement, DeA Capital has agreed to purchase 
approximately 1.1 million shares (about 5 per cent.) of Next RE (formerly Nova RE) from the Group 
and intends to remain a long-term shareholder for the future growth and capital raising of Next RE 
(formerly Nova RE).  
On 31 August 2021, the Group's subsidiary GSG Berlin successfully completed the sale of a non-core 
asset in Ettlingen, Germany for approximately EUR 32 million. The property is an industrial production 
unit in the wider Stuttgart area, and the sale price was approximately 10 per cent. above its book value. 
On 16 December 2021, the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Group (the EGM) 
was held in front of a notary public, with shareholders holding approximately 89 per cent. of the Group's

--- Page 224 ---
213 
 
 
shares entitled to vote present or represented. The EGM resolved to modify the Company's articles of 
association and to appoint Tim Scoble, a non-executive director representing shareholder Apollo, to the 
Board of Directors of the Group.   
On 22 December 2021, the Group, including its subsidiaries, signed an investment framework 
agreement with DeA Capital Real Estate SGR S.p.A. to establish and commit to a closed-ended 
alternative investment fund, named Generation Fund, to invest in real estate assets located in Italy. 
Generation Fund will be professionally managed by DeA Capital Real Estate SGR S.p.A., a licensed 
asset management company.  
During 2021, the Group acquired shares in IMMOFINANZ. On 3 December 2021, the Group 
announced its intention to launch a mandatory takeover offer of IMMOFINANZ. For more information, 
see "Description of Issuer – IMMOFINANZ" , "Risk Factors – Risks related to IMMOFINANZ's 
activities and the non-realisation of the expected synergies following the IMMOFINANZ Takeover" , 
"Risk Factors – Risks related to IMMOFINANZ's performance and unforeseen liabilities following its 
acquisition", "Risk-Factors Risks related to the triggering of change of control clauses following the 
IMMOFINANZ Takeover" and "Pro Forma Financial Information".  
In 2021, the Group acquired 9,160,240 shares of S IMMO AG, corresponding to a participation of 12.4 
per cent. S IMMO is a Vienna Stock Exchange-listed real estate investment company focusing on 
Austria, Germany and the CEE region. S IMMO's EUR 2.7 billion property portfolio consists of 
approximately 70 per cent. commercial office, retail and hotel assets, and 30 per cent. residential 
portfolio. As at 30 March 2022, the Group directly holds 16.1 per cent. of S IMMO shares, and indirectly 
through its controlling ownership of IMMOFINANZ, the Group's total shareholding amounts to 42.6 
per cent. For more information, see "Description of Issuer – S IMMO".  
Globalworth 
In 2020, the Group invested in Globalworth, a leading owner of income-generating office properties in 
Poland and Romania. As of 31 December 2021, Globalworth held an income-generating property 
portfolio valued at approximately EUR 3.2 billion with EUR 183.7 million of contracted rent. The 
Group invested in Globalworth because of the quality of the company’s properties, its strong 
management team, steady dividend, and conservative capital structure. The Group believes that the 
acquisition of a shareholding in Globalworth has strengthened the Group’s financial and business 
profile through greater exposure to top-quality office properties. In addition, through the acquisition of 
Zakiono Enterprises Limited (Zakiono) (as described below), the Group was able to acquire special 
shareholder rights in Globalworth. Globalworth was founded in 2013 and its assets include Skylight & 
Lumen in Warsaw and Globalworth Tower in Bucharest. 
On 27 January 2020, the Group announced its acquisition of 13,391,959 shares of Globalworth, or 6.03 
per cent. of shares outstanding. The shares were acquired through a broker on the secondary market.  
On 3 February 2020, the Group announced its acquisition of Zakiono on 31 January 2020 from Mr. 
Ioannis Papalekas, the founder and CEO of Globalworth. At the time, Zakiono held 23,734,670 shares 
in Globalworth, representing 10.7 per cent. of voting rights. Zakiono also owns warrants which are 
exercisable into an additional 2,830,020 Globalworth shares.  
On 4 February 2020, the Group announced that it had acquired 24,258,408 shares in Globalworth on 3 
February 2020.  
On 5 February 2020, the Group announced it had acquired 3,680,494 shares in Globalworth, 
representing 1.659 per cent. of voting rights, on 4 February 2020. All shares were acquired through a 
broker on the secondary market. As at 31 December 2020, the Group held and controlled in aggregate

--- Page 225 ---
214 
 
 
65,250,000 shares in Globalworth, which represented 29.55 per cent. of voting rights, making the Group 
the largest shareholder in Globalworth by a small margin.  
On 14 April 2021, the Group formed a joint venture with Aroundtown, Germany’s largest listed real 
estate company (together with the Group, the Consortium) and announced a cash offer for the entire 
issued share capital of Globalworth that the Consortium did not already hold.  
The Consortium currently owns 60 per cent. of Globalworth’s issued share capital. On 12 May 2021, 
the Consortium published an offer document in relation to the entire issued share capital of Globalworth.  
The Group funded its proportion of the offer in cash. Aroundtown purchased shares in Globalworth first 
to equalise ownership with the Group, with further share purchases split equally. 
The Group now holds all of its shares in Globalworth through its subsidiary Zakiono. Under 
Globalworth's articles of incorporation, Zakiono has embedded rights as a major shareholder which, 
among other rights, allows the Group to appoint members of Globalworth's board. 
In December 2021, the Group and Aroundtown exercised its rights as majority shareholders and 
implemented changes to the Board of Directors.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Consortium owns 134,347,223 (representing 60.63 per cent.) Globalworth 
shares. The Group classifies the investment as a joint venture using the equity method of accounting.   
Next RE (formerly Nova RE)  
On 2 October 2020, the Group submitted a binding offer to participate in a capital increase of Next RE 
(formerly Nova RE), an Italian real estate company with a property portfolio valued at EUR 123 million 
as at 31 December 2020. The offer was approved by the board of Next RE (formerly Nova RE) on 7 
October 2020. The Group subscribed for shares of Next RE (formerly Nova RE) at a price of EUR 2.36 
per share, for a total consideration of approximately EUR 26 million. Following the capital increase of 
Next RE (formerly Nova RE), the Group owned more than 50 per cent. of the shares of Next RE 
(formerly Nova RE) and in November 2020 launched a mandatory tender offer (the Offer) for the 
remaining 9,348,018 shares in Next RE (formerly Nova RE) for a consideration of EUR 2.36 per share 
and total value of EUR 22.1 million. The Offer was filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (CONSOB) on 23 November 2020 and, on 9 December 2020, CONSOB approved the Offer 
and the documentation submitted in connection with the Offer (the Offer Document). Pursuant to 
CONSOB's approval, the acceptance period in relation to the Offer began on 14 December 2020 and 
concluded on 22 January 2021. On 11 December 2020, the Group announced the publication of the 
Offer Document, which contained a detailed description of the terms of the Offer and is available on 
the website of the Group (www.cpipg.com). Following the closing of the mandatory tender offer, the 
Group held in total 20,360,573 ordinary shares of Next RE (formerly Nova RE), approximately 92.44 
per cent. of the relevant share capital (or 92.62 per cent. including treasury shares). As at 31 March 
2021, the Group held 19,180,573 shares of Next RE (formerly Nova RE), equal to approximately 87.1 
per cent. 
Next RE (formerly Nova RE) owns income-generating properties primarily in Rome, Milan and Bari 
valued at EUR 140.3 million as of 31 December 2021. The Group expects that Next RE (formerly Nova 
RE) will be a platform for the Group’s current and future investments in Italy. The Next RE (formerly 
Nova RE) management team is experienced and capable, and will likely benefit from the Issuer’s 
organisation, resources, support and expertise. Through Next RE (formerly Nova RE), the Group may 
consider further investments in Italy where value can be created. By acquiring control of an SIIQ, the 
Group also gains a tax-efficient platform to attract third-party equity investors in the future.

--- Page 226 ---
215 
 
 
In 2021, a total of 3,377,498 shares were sold by the Group for EUR 10.9 million. The loss of EUR 3.4 
million from the transaction was recognised against retained earnings. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group held 16,983,075 shares of Next RE (formerly Nova RE), equal to approximately 77.24 per cent.   
IMMOFINANZ  
On 1 December 2021, the Group and Mountfort Investments S.à r.l. (Mountfort), an investment vehicle 
owned by Patrick Vitek, an independent investor and the eldest son of the Group's founder Radovan 
Vitek, entered into a share purchase agreement for the acquisition by the Group of all of the outstanding 
shares of WXZ1 a.s., which owned 14,071,483 IMMOFINANZ shares, corresponding to a participation 
of approximately 11.4 per cent. of the registered nominal share capital of IMMOFINANZ.  
On 3 December 2021, the Group and RPPK Immo GmbH (RPPK) entered into a share purchase 
agreement, conditional upon receipt of antitrust approvals, for the acquisition by the Group of 
13,029,155 IMMOFINANZ shares, corresponding to a participation of 10.6 per cent. of the registered 
nominal share capital of IMMOFINANZ.  
Both Mountfort's and RPPK's shares were purchased at or below the share offer price announced by the 
Group in its 3 December 2021 public announcement of the IMMOFINANZ Takeover.  
As at 3 December 2021, the Group owned (directly and indirectly) a total of 26,387,094 shares in 
IMMOFINANZ, corresponding to a participation of approximately 21.4 per cent. and represented its 
largest shareholder, with an additional 13,029,155 IMMOFINANZ shares, corresponding to a 
participation of 10.6 per cent. contracted subject to regulatory approval.  
On 3 December 2021, the Group announced its intention to make an anticipatory mandatory takeover 
offer for all of IMMOFINANZ's outstanding shares at a price of EUR 21.20 (in cash) per share on a 
cum dividend basis, which is the closing share price of IMMOFINANZ on the Vienna Stock Exchange 
on 2 December 2021, representing a premium of 4.2 per cent. versus the six months volume weighted 
average price per share and for all outstanding convertible bonds of IMMOFINANZ maturing in 2024 
(IMMOFINANZ Convertible Bond). The offer document was published in accordance with the 
Austrian Takeover Act (Übernahmegesetz), which among other places, included the Issuer's website. 
IMMOFINANZ is a large and well-regarded owner of Central European commercial real estate, with a 
primary listing on the Vienna Stock Exchange and has a property portfolio of approximately EUR 5 
billion (source: IMMOFINANZ Annual Report, 2020) in key Central European countries such as 
Germany, the Czech Republic, Poland, and Hungary. IMMOFINANZ is also a significant owner of 
commercial real estate in Austria. 
On 3 December 2021, the Group announced the purchase of a 10.8 per cent. stake in Sparkassen 
Immobilien AG (S-IMMO), following which the Issuer owned an aggregate stake of approximately 
11.6 per cent. of the registered nominal share capital of S-IMMO.  
On 12 January 2022, the Group announced that the offer document in relation to the IMMOFINANZ 
Takeover was approved by the Austrian Takeover Commission and was published. The initial 
acceptance period started from 12 January 2022 and lasted until 23 February 2022 (5:00 PM, Vienna 
time). The IMMOFINANZ Takeover is subject to clearances by the competent competition authorities, 
as further specified in the offer document. The offer price is EUR 21.20 per IMMOFINANZ Share, 
cum dividend for the 2021 financial year and EUR 102,746.53 (102.747 per cent.) for each nominal 
amount of EUR 100,000 per IMMOFINANZ Convertible Bond.  
On 26 January 2022, the Group announced that it signed a conditional share purchase agreement with 
Petrus Advisers Investments Fund L.P. (Petrus) to acquire 9,413,253 IMMOFINANZ shares, 
corresponding to a participation of approximately 6.81 per cent. of the total registered nominal share

--- Page 227 ---
216 
 
 
capital of IMMOFINANZ. The purchase price per share amounted to EUR 22.70 cum dividend. 
On 31 January 2022, the Group announced that it had signed an agreement with CEE Immobilien GmbH 
(CEE), a wholly owned subsidiary of S IMMO AG, concerning the acquisition by the Group of 
17,543,937 IMMOFINANZ shares, corresponding to a participation of approximately 12.69 per cent. 
of the total nominal share capital of IMMOFINANZ.  
As of 31 January 2022, the Group owned a total of 26,621,030 IMMOFINANZ shares, corresponding 
to a participation of approximately 19.25 per cent., with additional 39,986,345 IMMOFINANZ shares, 
corresponding to a participation of approximately 28.92 per cent. conditionally contracted. This 
represented a combined stake of 66,607,375 IMMOFINANZ shares, corresponding to a participation 
of approximately 48.18 per cent. of the total registered nominal share capital of IMMOFINANZ.  
The offer and completion of the share purchase agreements between the Issuer and each of RPPK, 
Petrus and CEE are subject to merger control clearance in Austria, Germany, the Czech Republic, 
Hungary, Poland, Romania, Serbia, and Slovakia. As of 23 February 2022, merger control clearance 
was obtained by all relevant national competition authorities.  
As of 5 May 2022, the Group holds a total of 76,138,702 IMMOFINANZ shares representing 54.93 per 
cent. shares of IMMOFINANZ's registered share capital and total outstanding voting rights (including 
the effects of the bonds conversion). For more information, see "Note 11, Events after the reporting 
period" in the 2021 Financial Statements and "Pro Forma Financial Information".  
S IMMO  
In 2021, the Group acquired 9,160,240 shares of Sparkassen Immobilien AG (S IMMO), corresponding 
to a participation of 12.4 per cent. S IMMO is a Vienna Stock Exchange-listed real estate investment 
company focusing on Austria, Germany and the CEE Region. S IMMO's EUR 2.7 billion property 
portfolio consists of approximately 70 per cent. commercial office, retail and hotel assets, and 30 per 
cent. residential portfolio.  
As at 30 September 2021, S IMMO holds a total of 367 standing properties with an annualised gross 
rent of EUR 129.7 million and GLA 1,307,000 sqm and an occupancy rate of 93 per cent.  
As at 31 March 2022, the Group directly holds 16.1 per cent. of S IMMO shares, and indirectly through 
its controlling ownership of IMMOFINANZ, the Group's total shareholding amounts to 42.6 per cent.  
S IMMO's articles of incorporation include an unusual voting cap feature which limits the voting rights 
of shareholders to 15 per cent., regardless of their actual shareholding. In recent years, the voting cap 
along with the inefficient cross-ownership between IMMOFINANZ and S IMMO had prevented 
shareholders from driving an effective long-term strategy, resulting in failed mergers and share price 
underperformance.  
On 14 April 2022, the Group requested the management and supervisory boards of S IMMO to convene 
an extraordinary general meeting to resolve on the abolishment of the 15 per cent. voting cap. The 
Group proposed that the resolution would become effective upon merger control clearances, which had 
already been initiated.   
If the resolution to abolish the voting cap is approved, and once the amended articles of association are 
registered in the Austrian companies register, the Group will obtain a controlling interest which conveys 
a dominating influence over S IMMO. The Group intends to file a mandatory takeover offer (the S 
IMMO Offer) for all outstanding shares of S IMMO not held by the Group or parties acting in concert 
with the Group. The final offer price will be set and publicly communicated one week prior to the 
extraordinary general meeting at a minimum of EUR 22 per share cum dividend.

--- Page 228 ---
217 
 
 
The Group requested that S IMMO call the extraordinary general meeting without undue delay. The 
Group estimates that the extraordinary general meeting and subsequent mandatory offer process will be 
completed during the third quarter or the fourth quarter 2022. The Group is confident that the S IMMO 
Offer can be funded in a manner consistent with its financial policy and current credit ratings.  
Disposals pipeline  
In August 2021, the Issuer's board of directors approved a plan to complete up to EUR 1 billion of 
disposals, with proceeds intended to reduce leverage and recharge the Group's financial profile for 
future growth. The pipeline consists of assets across the Group's geographies that were generally 
considered non-core, and which would fetch highly attractive prices. 
At the end of 2021, the Group has signed disposals that would raise gross proceeds of approximately 
EUR 700 million, and has since completed on most of these transactions. 
Some of the assets included in the pipeline include: 
 
The Česká Pojištovna office and BB Centrum E, the headquarters of ČEZ, in Prague; 
 
Three retail properties in the Czech Republic;  
 
A portfolio of six office properties in Berlin, and a small office in Ettlingen;  
 
Airport City logistics asset and a small office property in Budapest; and  
 
A land plot in Lambrate, near Milan, Italy  
Furthermore, since the beginning of 2022, the Group has signed nearly EUR 200 million of additional 
disposals relating to the Group's logistics assets and landbank in the Czech Republic.  
Overview of the Property Portfolio 
The Group is a leading long-term investor in income-generating real estate, predominantly in the Czech 
Republic, Berlin and Poland. The Group's five key segments are Office, Retail, Residential, Hotels and 
Resorts and the Complementary Assets Portfolio, which generated net business income/loss of EUR 
206 million, EUR 137 million, EUR 22 million, EUR 15 million and EUR 6 million in 2021, 
respectively. While the largest sectors of the Group are office and retail, the Group also has hotels, 
residential, agricultural, industrial and logistics properties and holds a landbank primarily in the Czech 
Republic, of which the largest segment is in Prague. Approximately 74 per cent. of the Group's 
properties are located in the Czech Republic, Germany and Poland, with the remaining properties in 
other CEE and Western European countries.  
Management believes that the Group was, as at 31 December 2021, one of Europe's largest owners of 
real estate, with a diversified property portfolio of EUR 13,119 million.   
In August 2021, the Group approved a plan to complete up to EUR 1 billion of disposals over the 
following six to twelve months to reduce leverage and increase the Group's financial profile. The 
Group’s disposals plan focused on non-core assets which could be sold at attractive prices. 
On 20 December 2021, the Issuer announced that the Group had signed agreements to dispose of a 
selection of assets, which were expected to raise gross proceeds of approximately EUR 700 million and 
net proceeds of approximately EUR 550 million.  
The following table provides certain information on the Group's property portfolio as of the dates 
indicated:

--- Page 229 ---
218 
 
 
Segment 
Country 
As at ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
As at ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
 
€ million 
Share of total 
(%) 
€ million 
Share of total 
(%) 
Office 
 
6,354 
48.4 
5,336 
51.7 
Germany .......................  
൬,൳൭൮ 
൬൬.൮ 
൬,൯൫൪ 
൬൮.൭ 
Poland ...........................  
൫,൪൰൬ 
൲.൫ 
൫,൪൪൮ 
൳.൱ 
Czech Republic .............  
൲൳൪ 
൰.൲ 
൳൫൰ 
൲.൳ 
 
Globalworth ..................  
൯൲൳ 
൮.൯ 
൯൰൬ 
൯.൮ 
 
Hungary ........................  
൭൫൪ 
൬.൮ 
൭൪൮ 
൬.൳ 
 
Italy ...............................  
൫൲൯ 
൫.൮ 
൭൯ 
൪.൭ 
 
United Kingdom............  
- 
- 
൰ 
൪.൫ 
 
IMMOFINANZ.............  
൬൳൱ 
൬.൭ 
- 
- 
 
S IMMO ........................  
൲൱ 
൪.൱ 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Retail 
 
൬,൰൳൱ 
൬൪.൰ 
൬,൬൬൪ 
൬൫.൯ 
 
Czech Republic .............  
൫,൮൳൲ 
൫൫.൮ 
൫,൯൲൰ 
൫൯.൮ 
 
Hungary ........................  
൬൬൱ 
൫.൱ 
൬൫൳ 
൬.൫ 
 
Poland ...........................  
൫൯൳ 
൫.൬ 
൫൰൬ 
൫.൰ 
 
Slovakia ........................  
 ൫൫൯ 
൪.൳ 
൫൫൭ 
൫.൫ 
 
Italy ...............................  
൮൬൭ 
൭.൬ 
൲൫ 
൪.൲ 
 
Romania ........................  
൭൪ 
൪.൬ 
൭൪ 
൪.൭ 
Globalworth ..................  
൭൫ 
൪.൬ 
൬൳ 
൪.൭ 
IMMOFINANZ1 ...........  
൫൲൫ 
൫.൮ 
- 
- 
S IMMO ........................  
൭൮ 
൪.൭ 
- 
- 
Residential 
 
൫,൬൫൮ 
൳.൭ 
൲൲൳ 
൲.൰ 
 
Czech Republic .............  
൱൭൭ 
൯.൰ 
൯൫൯ 
൯.൪ 
 
United Kingdom............  
൬൮൱ 
൫.൳ 
൬൫൲ 
൬.൫ 
 
France ...........................  
൫൪൲ 
൪.൲ 
൫൫൰ 
൫.൫ 
 
Globalworth ..................  
൫൮ 
൪.൫ 
൬൳ 
൪.൭ 
Italy ...............................  
൯൫ 
൪.൮ 
൫൬ 
൪.൫ 
S IMMO ........................  
൰൪ 
൪.൯ 
- 
- 
Hotels & Resorts 
 
൲൬൭ 
൰.൭ 
൱൮൳ 
൱.൭ 
 
Czech Republic .............  
൭൲൪ 
൬.൳ 
൭൱൪ 
൭.൰ 
 
Croatia ..........................  
൫൰൲ 
൫.൭ 
൫൰൮ 
൫.൰ 
 
Switzerland ...................  
൯൫ 
൪.൮ 
൰൱ 
൪.൰ 
 
Hungary ........................  
൰൱ 
൪.൯ 
൰൭ 
൪.൰ 
 
Italy ...............................  
൳൫ 
൪.൱ 
൮൰ 
൪.൮ 
 
Poland ...........................  
൬൯ 
൪.൬ 
൬൮ 
൪.൬ 
Russia............................  
൫൱ 
൪.൫ 
൫൮ 
൪.൫ 
S IMMO ........................  
൫൯ 
൪.൫ 
- 
- 
Slovakia ........................  
൫൪ 
൪.൫ 
- 
- 
Complementary Assets  
 
൬,൪൭൫ 
൫൯.൯ 
൫,൫൬൫ 
൫൪.൳ 
Landbank 
 
൫,൯൬൮ 
൫൫.൰ 
൲൫൭ 
൱.൳ 
Czech Republic .............  
൳൱൭ 
൱.൮ 
൰൲൭ 
൰.൰ 
Italy ...............................  
൭൮൱ 
൬.൰ 
- 
- 
Germany .......................  
൫൯൱ 
൫.൬ 
൳൯ 
൪.൳ 
Hungary ........................  
൬൭ 
൪.൬ 
൬൬ 
൪.൬ 
Romania ........................  
൮ 
<൪.൫ 
൫൫ 
൪.൫ 
Poland ...........................  
- 
- 
൬ 
<൪.൫ 
 
France ...........................  
- 
- 
൪ 
<൪.൫ 
 
S IMMO ........................  
൮ 
<൪.൫ 
- 
- 
 
Slovakia ........................  
൫൮ 
൪.൫ 
- 
- 
Industry & Logistics 
 
൬൬൭ 
൫.൱ 
൫൮൳ 
൫.൮ 
Czech Republic .............  
൫൭൫ 
൫.൪ 
൱൮ 
൪.൱ 
Hungary ........................  
൯൯ 
൪.൮ 
൮൪ 
൪.൮ 
Globalworth ..................  
൭൰ 
൪.൭ 
൭൫ 
൪.൭ 
Germany .......................  
൬ 
<൪.൫
൭ 
൪.൫ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agriculture 
Czech Republic .............  
൫൬൫ 
൪.൳ 
൫൫൫ 
൫.൫ 
Development 
 
൫൭൲ 
൫.൪ 
൮൮ 
൪.൮ 
 
Italy ...............................  
൭ 
<൪.൫ 
൬൬ 
൪.൬ 
 
Czech Republic .............  
൯ 
<൪.൫ 
൫൯ 
൪.൫ 
Hungary ........................  
൯ 
<൪.൫ 
൰ 
൪.൫ 
Germany  ......................  
൭ 
<൪.൫ 
- 
-

--- Page 230 ---
219 
 
 
Segment 
Country 
As at ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
As at ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
 
€ million 
Share of total 
(%) 
€ million 
Share of total 
(%) 
United Kingdom 
൰൱ 
൪.൯ 
 
 
IMMOFINANZ 
൯൰ 
൪൮ 
 
 
Other 
 
൬൯ 
൪.൬ 
൮ 
൪.൫ 
Total 
 
൫൭,൫൫൳ 
൫൪൪ 
൫൪,൭൫൰ 
൫൪൪ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
 
 
Data includes the book value of the Group’s 30.3 per cent. stake in Globalworth, a 21.6 per cent. stake in IMMOFINANZ and a 12.4 
per cent. stake in S IMMO according to the geographic and segment split percentages of Globalworth’s (as at 31 December 2021), 
IMMOFINANZ’s (as at 30 June 2021) and S IMMO’s portfolio (as at 30 September 2021).  
 
The following charts provide a breakdown of the Group's asset value and the Group's net business 
income by each property type as of 31 December 2021: 
 
The following charts provide a geographical breakdown of the Group's asset value and the Group's net 
business income as of 31 December 2021:

--- Page 231 ---
220 
 
 
 
_______________ 
Notes: 
(൫) 
'Other W. Europe' includes France, Switzerland and the UK. 
(൬) 
'Other CEE' includes Croatia, Romania, Slovakia and Russia. 
(൭) 
Data disclosed in these charts include differences due to rounding. 
(൮) 
Data includes the book value of the Group’s 30.3 per cent. stake in Globalworth, a 21.6 per cent. stake in IMMOFINANZ and a 12.4 
per cent. stake in S IMMO according to the geographic and segment split percentages of Globalworth’s (as at 31 December 2021), 
IMMOFINANZ’s (as at 30-June 2021) and S IMMO’s portfolio (as at 30 September 2021). 
The Group's properties were valued in aggregate at EUR 13,119 million as at 31 December 2021, 
compared to EUR 10,316 million as at 31 December 2020. The growth in valuation between these dates 
was mainly due to acquisitions of properties in Italy for EUR 617 million, a 21.6 per cent. stake in 
IMMOFINANZ for EUR 535 million, a 12.4 per cent. stake in S IMMO for EUR 199 million and a 
property in London for EUR 62 million. Additionally, capital expenditure and development for the 
Group stood at EUR 214 million for the year 2021. Disposals in 2021 stood at EUR 342 million and 
included the sale of two shopping centres in the Czech Republic. During 2021, there was an increase in 
fair value of EUR 1,434 million with positive revaluations recorded across almost all countries and 
segments.  
The Group's properties were valued in aggregate at EUR 10,316 million as at 31 December 2020, 
compared to EUR 9,111 million as of 31 December 2019. The growth in valuation between these dates 
was mainly due to EUR 1,153 million of acquisitions made by the Group in 2020 including primarily 
six office properties in Warsaw, two properties in London, the acquisition of shares in Next RE 
(formerly Nova RE) and increasing its shareholding in Globalworth. Additionally capital expenditure 
and development (on projects intended both for future rent and sale) of EUR 216 million and disposals 
of EUR 79 million, primarily inventories in France and in the Czech Republic, and an office property 
in Slovakia. There was a slight decrease in fair value of EUR 58 million, as positive valuations of office, 
residential and landbank were offset by negative valuations in retail and hotels, along with currency 
effects, though increases were recorded across the portfolio.  
The Group's portfolio mostly comprises income-generating assets. As of 31 December 2021, 87 per 
cent. or EUR 11,458 million of the portfolio, comprised income-generating assets and the landbank and

--- Page 232 ---
221 
 
 
development accounted for the remaining 13 per cent. or EUR 1,662 million (2020: 8 per cent. or EUR 
857 million; 2019: 10 per cent. or EUR 895 million).  
As of 31 December 2021, 100 per cent. or EUR 1,524 million of the landbank consisted of non-income 
generating assets and 5.1 per cent. of the landbank assets were encumbered under any financing 
arrangements. 
Property value 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group's top ten income generating properties by value represented 16.7 
per cent. of the total property portfolio. The following table sets out certain information on the Group's 
top ten income generating properties by value as of 31 December 2021: 
 
Location 
Value as of ൭൫ 
December ൬൪൬൫ 
Value as of ൭൫ 
December ൬൪൬൫ 
GLA 
 
 
€ (millions) 
% 
sqm (thousands) 
Maximo ................................................ 
Rome, Italy 
306
2.3
61
Warsaw Financial Centre ...................... 
Warsaw, Poland 
289
2.2
50
Eurocentrum ......................................... 
Warsaw, Poland 
258
2.0
85
Quadrio ................................................. 
Prague, Czech Republic 
257
2.0
25
Helmholtzstraße ൬-൳ ............................. 
Berlin, Germany 
219
1.7
45
Franklinstraße ....................................... 
Berlin, Germany 
209
1.6
35
Reuchlinstraße ൫൪-൫൫.............................. 
Berlin, Germany 
199
1.5
49
Gustav-Meyer-Allee ൬൯ ........................ 
Berlin, Germany 
157
1.2
75
Olympia Pilsen   ................................... 
Pilsen, Czech Republic 
155
1.2
41
Zlatý Andĕl ........................................... 
Prague, Czech Republic 
140
1.1
21
Total..................................................... 
 
൬,൫൳൬
൫൰.൱
൮൲൱
Note: (1) 
Excludes value of separate land-banks and development projects. 
Rent Collection Rates  
The Covid-19 pandemic had a mild effect on the Group rent collections during 2021. The Group 
invoiced and collected rent normally across the vast majority of its portfolio. The quality of the Group's 
office assets and tenants in Berlin, Prague and Warsaw meant that tenants continued paying rent without 
disruptions. The strength of the Czech housing market meant that residential collections were normal. 
In retail, about 50 per cent. of the Group's retail units were deemed essential during the pandemic, with 
many experiencing strong sales. Government aid to the retail sector was swift and effective. Hotels 
posed the greatest challenge but the Group was able to manage costs effectively.  
The Group's rent collection rate for the entire year of 2021 was 96.6 per cent. before discounts and 99.3 
per cent. after discounts.  
Total discounts agreed by the Group for the year ended 2021 amounted to EUR 11.5 million, less than 
3 per cent. of the Group's gross rental income.  
The table below summarises the Group’s collection rates for the year ended 2021: 
 
FY ൬൪൬൫ 
 
Before discounts 
After discounts 
Group ................................................................................................. 
൳൰.൰% 
൳൳.൭% 
Office ................................................................................................. 
൳൲.൱% 
൳൳.൫% 
Retail ................................................................................................. 
൳൬.൬% 
൳൳.൰% 
Residential ......................................................................................... 
൳൳.൮% 
൳൳.൮% 
Industry &Logistics ........................................................................... 
൫൪൪% 
൫൪൪% 
Occupancy rates and lease maturity profile 
The Group experiences high levels of occupancy in its properties overall. In the year ended 31 
December 2021, the Group's property portfolio's average occupancy rate increased to 93.8 per cent., 
compared to 93.7 per cent. and 94.3 per cent. in the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, 
respectively.

--- Page 233 ---
222 
 
 
The following table sets out information on the occupancy levels in the Group's properties during the 
periods indicated:  
 
As of ൭൫ December 
 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
൬൪൫൳ 
% of occupancy 
The Group .............................................................. 
൳൭.൲
൳൭.൱
൳൮.൭
Office ..................................................................... 
൳൫.൳
൳൬.൮
൳൭.൬
Retail ...................................................................... 
൳൱.൪
൳൰.൱
൳൰.൲
 
The following table sets out the lease maturity profile (in per cent.) of the Group's properties as of 31 
December 2021: 
 
As of ൭൫ December 
 
൬൪൬൬ 
൬൪൫൭ 
൬൪൬൮ 
൬൪൬൯ 
൬൪൬൰ 
൬൪൬൱+ 
The Group ......................................................................................... 
൫൬
൫൳
൫൲
൫൭
൫൭
൬൰
Office ................................................................................................ 
൳
൫൬
൫൬
൱
൱
൫൬
Retail ................................................................................................. 
൭
൱
൰
൰
൰
൫൭
 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the weighted average unexpired lease term for the Group 
by country and segment for the periods indicated: 
Segment 
Country 
Weighted average unexpired lease term 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
 
 
Years 
Office 
 
 
 
Germany ............................................................ 
൭.൬ 
൭.൯ 
 
Poland ................................................................ 
൭.൪ 
൬.൳ 
 
Czech Republic.................................................. 
൮.൱ 
൮.൳ 
Hungary ............................................................. 
൭.൪ 
൬.൲ 
 
 
൭.൯ 
൭.൯ 
Retail 
 
 
 
Czech Republic.................................................. 
൮.൫ 
൭.൰ 
 
Italy ................................................................... 
൱.൪ 
൮.൲ 
 
Hungary ............................................................. 
൬.൳ 
൭.൪ 
 
Poland ................................................................ 
൮.൫ 
൭.൳ 
 
 
൮.൯ 
൭.൱ 
Total Group
 
൭.൲ 
൭.൰ 
 
Tenant base  
The Group has a diverse tenant base. In the year ended 31 December 2021, the aggregate amount of 
rent paid by the Group's top ten tenants amounted to 10.1 per cent. of the total rental income received 
by the Group. The following table sets out certain information on the Group's top tenants by amount of 
rent paid as of and in the year ended 31 December 2021:  
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
 
Total rent from the 
Group's properties 
Rent 
Weighted average 
unexpired lease term 
 
(%) 
€ (millions) 
(years) 
AHOLD Czech Republic ......................................... 
൫.൲
൱.൱
൯.൱
Tesco ....................................................................... 
൫.൯
൰.൱
൰.൫
ČEZ ......................................................................... 
൫.൫
൮.൲
൯.൬
OVS……………………………………………….. 
൫.൪
൮.൮
൮.൳
BILLA ..................................................................... 
൪.൳
൭.൲
൭.൬
Siemens ................................................................... 
൪.൳
൭.൲
൯.൯
Penny Market  ......................................................... 
൪.൳
൭.൲
൫൬.൯
Continental Automotive Czech Republic................. 
൪.൱
൭.൬
൫൭.൭
dm-drogerie markt ................................................... 
൪.൱
൭.൬
൭.൬
WPP……………………………………………...... 
൪.൱
൭.൫
൫൰.൲
Total........................................................................ 
൫൪.൫
൮൮.൭  
൱.൫

--- Page 234 ---
223 
 
 
Sectors 
Office 
The Office segment’s total value increased by 19 per cent. from EUR 5,336 million in 2020 to EUR 
6,354 million in 2021 primarily due to recent investments in IMMOFINANZ and S IMMO.   
At the end of 2021, the Group's office portfolio value in Warsaw was EUR 1,062 million, establishing 
the Group as the market leader in the area.  
Net rental income increased by 7 per cent. to EUR 203.2 million in 2021 (as per the 2021 Financial 
Statements), primarily due to continued improvements in like-for-like rent, acquisitions and the 
contribution from developments in Prague, Berlin and Budapest completed during the year.  
Occupancy declined slightly in 2021 to 91.9 per cent. Nearly all office segments recorded higher 
occupancy, while Budapest recorded a drop related to two tenants. The Group achieved a slight increase 
in occupancy in Prague, Berlin and Warsaw as the demand take-up remained robust.  
The following chart provides a breakdown of the Group's Office Property Portfolio as of 31 December 
2021:  
 
The following table provides a breakdown of the Group's Office Property Portfolio as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020:  
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
PP value 
(€ million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA (m൬) 
No. of 
propertie
s 
PP value 
(€ 
million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
Berlin ...................... 
൬,൳൭൮ 
൳൬.൯ 
൳൪൭,൪൪൪ 
൮൰ 
൬,൮൱൫ 
൳൫.൭ 
൲൳൰,൪൪൪ 
൮൰ 
Warsaw ................... 
൫,൪൰൬ 
൳൯.൫ 
൭൫൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൮ 
൳൳൲ 
൳൮.൱ 
൭൫൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൮ 
Prague ..................... 
൲൪൲ 
൳൮.൲ 
൬൯൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൲ 
൲൭൮ 
൳൬.൲ 
൬൳൯,൪൪൪ 
൬൪ 
Budapest ................. 
൭൫൪ 
൲൯.൬ 
൫൭൫,൪൪൪ 
൲ 
൭൪൭ 
൳൭.൯ 
൫൭൪,൪൪൪ 
൲ 
Other ....................... 
൬൰൰ 
൱൱.൱ 
൫൯൭,൪൪൪ 
൫൱ 
൫൰൲ 
൲൱.൮ 
൫൪൪,൪൪൪ 
൫൪ 
Globalworth ............ 
൯൲൳ 
- 
- 
- 
൯൰൬ 
- 
- 
- 
IMMOFINANZ ...... 
൬൳൱ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
S IMMO ................. 
൲൱ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total  ...................... 
൰,൭൯൮ 
൳൫.൳ 
൫,൱൯൳,൪൪൪ 
൫൪൭ 
൯,൭൭൰ 
൳൬.൮ 
൫,൱൭൱,൪൪൪ 
൳൲ 
Berlin Office Portfolio 
The Group's Berlin Office portfolio is held by a Group subsidiary, GSG Berlin. GSG Berlin is a leading 
provider of office and commercial space with approximately 903,000 sqm in total lettable area as of 31 
December 2021. GSG Berlin's real estate business has been in operation for more than 50 years. See

--- Page 235 ---
224 
 
 
"—History". GSG Berlin is one of the largest operators of Gewerbehof properties in Berlin, which are 
typically highly integrated and multi-functional property complexes, comprising a mixture of office 
buildings, light industrial properties, value-added service facilities, community space and infrastructure, 
typically targeted towards SMEs, together with a small number of residential units. GSG Berlin's tenant 
base is comprised of approximately 2,000 tenants, many of which are SMEs.  
The Group's Berlin Office portfolio is divided into three main clusters: 
 
Kreuzberg, which includes assets located in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg – a central business 
district popular with tech and start-up industries with a high demand for premises;  
 
Rest-West, which includes assets located in several western districts of Berlin, most of which 
were popular among industrial tenants in the past, but where the buildings have undergone a 
change of use during the past ten years as manufacturing sector tenants have declined and there 
has been an increasing demand by tenants from the service, technology and creative industries; 
and 
 
econoparks, which includes assets in the eastern parts of Berlin with good inner city connections 
and plenty of space enabling tenants to adjust their areas to match their business and 
development needs. 
The portfolio’s total value increased by 18.8 per cent. from EUR 2,471 million in 2020 to EUR 2,934 
million in 2021, supported by further positive revaluations. The Rest-West and econoparks clusters 
contributed most to the increase, given their notably strong performance in 2021. 
Occupancy increased slightly to 92.5 per cent. in 2021 compared to 91.3 per cent. in 2020. Part of the 
vacancy in the portfolio related to space strategically vacated for refurbishment in order to support the 
Group's ability to secure higher rents in the future. Since the end of 2020, occupancy has increased in 
the Group's Rest-West portfolio, with a modest increase in the econoparks and a minor decline in 
Kreuzberg.  
Leasing activity picked up across the portfolio following a slowdown in 2020. The Group signed a large 
number of leases at materially higher rent levels during 2021. In 2021 the Group signed new leases, 
extensions and prolongations across over 107,000 sqm of leasable area, where headline rents increased 
by nearly 45 per cent. on average.  
Like-for-like rents grew by 9.1 per cent. across the portfolio in 2021, compared to a 5.7 per cent. 
increase in 2020. Growth was positive across all clusters of the portfolio.   
Net rental income increased by 8.7 per cent. to EUR 85.3 million in 2021 compared to 2020, driven 
mostly by organic growth in like-for-like rents, combined with the contribution of developments 
completed towards the end of 2020 (The Benjamin and Prinzessinnenstraße) and 2021 (Torhaus).  
The following table provides certain information on the Group's Berlin Office portfolio as of 31 
December 2021: 
 
Number of 
properties 
PP value 
Occupancy 
GLA 
 
€ (millions) 
% 
sqm (thousands)
Rest-West ................................................................................... 
൫൯
൫,൮൭൯
൳൭.൰
൮൭൮
Kreuzberg ................................................................................... 
൬൰
൫,൫൫൬
൳൫.൫
൬൫൪
econoparks .................................................................................. 
൯
൭൲൱
൳൬.൮
൬൯൳
 
The Group ................................................................................. 
൮൰
൬,൳൭൮
൳൬.൯
൳൪൭,൪൪൪

--- Page 236 ---
225 
 
 
GSG Berlin operates as a full-service real estate provider that offers a range of high-margin value-added 
services (such as construction, office decoration and bespoke IT software) to its tenants, thereby 
enhancing the attractiveness of its properties. GSG Berlin's overall strategy is to focus on its existing 
portfolio and continue the optimisation of rent and occupancy levels for this portfolio. In addition to its 
core property investment activities, GSG Berlin has established a number of key subsidiaries which 
provide support services, including GSG Solar Berlin GmbH (GSG Solar), which leases space on roof 
surfaces of various real estate assets of GSG Berlin and erects solar panels to generate solar energy 
which it resells to the public grid. GSG Solar is the largest producer of solar energy in Berlin, owning 
45,000 sqm of photovoltaic area, spanning across 29 assets and 65 separate buildings. Annual 
production of renewable energy amounted to 4,957 MWh, representing a savings of 2,017 metric tonnes 
of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions per square metre in 2021. 
Prague Office Portfolio 
The value of the Group's Prague Office Portfolio decreased by 3.1 per cent. to EUR 808 million at the 
end of 2021 from EUR 834 million at the end of 2020. This was due to the sale of the Česka Pojišt'ovna 
offices. 
Occupancy of the Prague Office Portfolio increased by 2 per cent. year-on-year to 94.8 per cent. in 
2021. The increases were due to the letting of remaining spaces to Wolt and Kantar in the Group's major 
refurbishment of Bubenská 1, resulting in full occupation for the office spaces in the building. The 
Group also leased a significant portion of the remaining space in the MAYHOUSE building. In addition, 
several major leases were prolonged including the lease with NN Management as an anchor tenant in 
the Zlatý Anděl building.  
Net rental income in the Czech Republic increased by 13.5 per cent. to EUR 46.2 million (as per the 
2021 Financial Statements), mainly due to the contribution from Bubenská 1, combined with resilient 
occupancy and like-for-like rents across the rest of the portfolio.  
Throughout 2021, the Group was able to continue signing new leases on favourable terms. Over the 
year, the Group signed over 56,000 sqm of new leases, extensions and prolongations with an average 
increase on existing headline rents of over 2 per cent.  
Warsaw Office Portfolio  
The Warsaw office portfolio grew to over EUR 1 billion in 2021, from just under EUR 1 billion at the 
end of 2020, primarily due to positive leasing activity and slightly higher occupancy at the end of 2021 
compared to the end of 2020. At the end of 2021, the portfolio comprised 14 properties and 316,000 
sqm of space, which, management believes, makes the Group the largest office landlord in the city. 
Net rental income increased in 2021 by 3 per cent. to EUR 52.5 million, which was driven primarily by 
improvements in leasing activity. In addition, like-for-like rents have remained robust across the 
portfolio.  
In 2021, the Group signed almost 75,000 sqm of new leases, extensions and prolongations with an 
average increase in headline rents of 14.5 per cent.  
Budapest Office Portfolio 
The value of the Budapest office portfolio remained relatively stable at EUR 310 million at the end of 
2021.  
Occupancy of the Budapest office portfolio decreased to 85.2 per cent. in 2021 from 93.5 per cent. in 
2020. This was mainly driven by two anchor tenants vacating the space as their leases expired and 
reorganisation of the tenant's regional operations – Vodafone in Arena Corner and LogMeln in Andrássy

--- Page 237 ---
226 
 
 
9.  The Group expects this decrease in occupancy to be temporary – in Andrássy 9, the Group has 
already signed leases in 2021 with three tenants to fill the majority of space vacated by LogMeln and 
also executed two new leases in 2022. In Arena Corner, the Group is currently in ongoing discussions 
with tenants concerning the vacant space.  
Net rental income decreased slightly in 2021 to EUR 18.5 million. Like-for-like rents were effectively 
stable and headline rents grew by around 4 per cent.  
The Group signed close to 32,000 sqm of new leases, extensions and prolongations in 2021.  
Retail 
Retail Segment Summary 
The total value of the retail segment increased to EUR 2,697 million at the end of 2021 from EUR 2,200 
million at the end of 2020, primarily due to the acquisition of Maximo shopping centre in Rome, Italy, 
which opened in October 2020 as the first new shopping centre in Rome for more than 15 years. Maximo 
boasts nearly 100 per cent. occupancy and a 60,578 sqm location along Via Laurentina in the South of 
Rome. The acquisition originated from the restructuring of loans from UniCredit to an Italian family 
company.  
Net rental income also increased by 14.3 per cent. for 2021 from EUR 135.3 million in 2020 to EUR 
137.9 million in 2021. This was primarily due to stable occupancy and limited discounts, strong like-
for-like rents, and contributions from Italy.   
Occupancy for the overall segment remained stable throughout 2021 despite multiple lockdowns and 
the closure of non-essential retail for extended periods, particularly in the first half of 2021. At the end 
of 2021, occupancy for the retail portfolio stood at 97 per cent. In the Czech Republic, government 
support was provided to tenants throughout the pandemic to subsidise rents and support wages. In 
addition, a significant portion of the Group's retail portfolio was deemed essential and never closed.  
The following chart provides a breakdown of the Group's Retail Property Portfolio as of 31 December 
2021: 
 
The following table provides certain information on the Group's retail segment during the periods 
indicated: 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
PP value 
(€ million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
PP value 
(€ million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
Czech Republic .......  
൫,൮൳൲ 
൳൰.൭ 
൯൳൯,൪൪൪ 
൫൬൫ 
൫,൯൲൰ 
൳൰.൱ 
൰൭൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൬൬ 
Hungary ..................  
൬൬൱ 
൳൭.൳ 
൫൭൲,൪൪൪ 
൱ 
൬൫൳ 
൳൯.൯ 
൫൭൳,൪൪൪ 
൱ 
Poland ..................... 
൫൯൳ 
൳൱.൲ 
൰൲,൪൪൪ 
൲ 
൫൰൬ 
൳൯.൮ 
൰൲,൪൪൪ 
൲ 
Slovakia .................. 
൫൫൯ 
൳൳.൳ 
൱൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൯ 
൫൫൭ 
൳൲.൪ 
൱൱,൪൪൪ 
൫൯ 
Italy ........................ 
൮൬൭ 
൳൳.൲ 
൲൬,൪൪൪ 
൯ 
൲൫ 
൫൪൪.൪ 
൫൬,൪൪൪ 
൭

--- Page 238 ---
227 
 
 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
PP value 
(€ million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
PP value 
(€ million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
Romania ................. 
൭൪ 
൫൪൪ 
൫൫,൪൪൪ 
൫ 
൭൪ 
൫൪൪.൪ 
൫൫,൪൪൪ 
൫ 
Globalworth ............ 
൭൫ 
- 
- 
- 
൬൳ 
- 
- 
- 
IMMOFINANZ ...... 
൫൲൫ 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
S IMMO ................. 
൭൮ 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
Total  ...................... 
൬,൰൳൱ 
൳൱.൪ 
൳൱൪,൪൪൪ 
൫൯൱ 
൬,൬൬൪ 
൳൰.൱ 
൳൮൭,൪൪൪ 
൫൯൰ 
 
The Czech Republic Retail Portfolio 
The Group's Czech Republic retail portfolio focuses on shopping centres, convenience shopping, retail 
parks and supermarkets. While the Group has a meaningful number of high-quality properties in Prague, 
the largest portion of the Czech Republic retail portfolio is located outside of Prague with a focus on 
regionally dominant schemes.  
In 2021, Czech retail net rental income increased from EUR 83.5 million to EUR 89.6 million (as per 
the 2021 Financial Statements), primarily reflecting stable occupancy and rents, plus a slightly reduced 
level of discounts provided to tenants. Like-for-like rents have seen positive developments, supported 
by solid lease activity, one-time discounts provided to selected tenants in need of support, and the 
resilient performance of tenants in the Group's retail parks, hypermarkets, and supermarkets. Rent 
reductions were mostly provided in the first half of 2021 when lockdowns in the country were most 
intense.  
Occupancy rates decreased slightly at the end of 2021 but still remained at a high level of 96.3 per cent., 
including in shopping centres where occupancy remained at 95.7 per cent. In addition, occupancy in the 
Group's retail parks, supermarkets and hypermarkets stood at 100 per cent.  
For more information on the Italian, Polish, Slovak and Hungarian retail markets, see "Market 
Overview".  
Residential  
The Group's Czech Republic residential portfolio is the second largest residential portfolio in the Czech 
Republic. The business generated a net rental income of EUR 19.9 million in 2021, an increase of 30 
per cent. compared to 2020, due to increasing occupancy and like-for-like rental growth, combined with 
a significant reduction of property operating expenses.  
The Group's strategy is to maintain the portfolio as a source of steady cash flow. The value of the 
residential property portfolio grew by EUR 218 million to EUR 733 million for 2021 due to improving 
occupancy rates and strong investor demand.   
Occupancy increased from 92.9 per cent. at the end of 2019 to 95.7 per cent. at the end of 2021. 
Improvements in occupancy were driven by significant investments made to improve the overall quality 
of the assets before being re-let. In 2021, 244 units were refurbished on top of returned units. 189 units 
in the Třinec region were disposed of.  
The following table provides certain information on the Group's Czech Republic residential portfolio 
as of 31 December 2021: 
 
Number of 
units 
Number of 
rented units 
PP value 
Occupancy* 
 
 
(€ million) 
(%) 
Prague .............................................................................................. 
൮൰൭
൮൮൱
൫൪൪
൳൰.൯
Ostrava region ................................................................................. 
൮,൫൭൭
൭,൲൳൮
൬൮൮
൳൮.൬
Ústí region ....................................................................................... 
൮,൳൲൳
൮,൱൯൬
൬൮൲
൳൯.൬
Liberec region ................................................................................. 
൬,൪൫൲
൬,൪൪൱
൫൭൭
൳൳.൯
Central Bohemia .............................................................................. 
൱൱
൱൰
൳
൳൲.൱
The Group ...................................................................................... 
൫൫,൰൲൪
൫൫,൫൱൰
൱൭൭
൳൯.൱

--- Page 239 ---
228 
 
 
* Occupancy based on rented units.  
UK Residential Portfolio 
The Group acquired its first residential property in the UK during 2018, followed by two properties in 
2019. During the third quarter of 2020, the Group completed two small acquisitions that complement 
the existing UK residential platform, both located in London – St. Mark’s Court, 24 apartments situated 
in St. John’s Wood, and Metrogate House, three terraced properties located in South Kensington. The 
purchase prices for both St. Mark’s Court and Metrogate House were below £1,000 per square foot, 
representing exceptional value for these locations. In the first half of 2021, the Group acquired the 
recently decommissioned West End Central Police Station at 27 Savile Row, which consists of 60,000 
square feet over nine floors. The Group intends to refurbish these properties over time. 
The value of the UK residential portfolio increased in 2021 to EUR 247 million. Net rental income 
increased to EUR 2.7 million primarily due to the full-year contribution of properties acquired during 
2020. 
Hotels and Resorts 
The Group is one of the largest owners and developers of hotels in central Europe and operates in several 
segments: Congress and Convention Centres, Resort Hotels, Boutique Hotels and Residences, 
Residential Hotels, Mountain Resorts and Spa Hotels. The hotel portfolio currently includes 43 hotels 
and one property in the Swiss Alps. The diverse portfolio includes a network of four-star Clarion 
conference and convention centres as well as resort hotels. The Group's Hotels and Resorts portfolio 
includes 5 five-star and 29 four-star hotels. The resort hotels are located on Croatia's premier resort 
island of Hvar, while the other hotels are located in the capital and major cities of the Czech Republic, 
Hungary, Poland, Italy and Russia.  
The following chart provides a breakdown of the Group's Hotels and Resorts by type of property as of 
31 December 2021:

--- Page 240 ---
229 
 
 
The following table provides certain information on the Group's Hotels and Resorts portfolio as of 31 
December 2021: 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
 
Number of 
properties 
PP value 
Hotel rooms 
Revenue per 
available room 
change 
YoY 
Average daily 
rate change 
YoY 
 
(€ million) 
 
(%) 
(%) 
Czech Republic (൫) ..................................  
൬൭ 
൭൲൪ 
൮,൮൱൰ 
൫൭ 
൱ 
Croatia ...................................................  
൱ 
൫൰൲ 
൫,൫൯൭ 
൲൭ 
൭൯ 
Hungary .................................................  
൮ 
൰൱ 
൭൳൮ 
൮൮ 
(൫൭) 
Italy .......................................................  
൯ 
൳൫ 
൯൳൪ 
(൮൭) 
(൬൭) 
Poland ....................................................  
൬ 
൬൯ 
൫൪൱ 
൮൪ 
൲ 
Russia ....................................................  
൫ 
൫൱ 
൲൭ 
൫൳ 
(൫൳) 
Switzerland ............................................  
൫ 
൯൫ 
- 
- 
- 
Slovakia (൫) .............................................  
൫ 
൫൪ 
൬൬൬ 
(൬൳) 
(൲) 
S IMMO ................................................  
- 
൫൯ 
- 
- 
- 
The Group .............................................  
൮൮ 
൲൬൭ 
൱,൪൬൯ 
൮൬ 
൫൳ 
_______________ 
Note: 
(1) 
Czech Republic and Slovakia includes hotels operated, but not owned by the Group. 
In 2020, the value of the Group's hotels and resorts portfolio increased to EUR 823 million at the end 
of 2021 from EUR 749 million at the end of 2020.  
Revenues generated by the Group's Hotel Revenue in 2021 totalled EUR 66.4 million, representing an 
increase of 52 per cent. year-on-year. This was due to resurgent demand in 2021 and the reopening of 
properties to accommodate special events. For 2021, average occupancy across the portfolio was 24 per 
cent.1, an improvement of 5 per cent. compared to 2020.  
As Europe relaxed travel restrictions with the introduction of the vaccine passport on 1 July 2021, the 
Group observed a pick-up in traveller demand and group and event bookings. The Group's leisure 
destinations and spa resort hotels saw a speedy recovery in 2021. The Group's Prague city and congress 
hotels also began to see more corporate travellers and MICE businesses.  
Over the year, the Group maintained flexibility and control over its cost base. At the onset of the Covid-
19 lockdown, the Group quickly implemented cost-saving measures including clustering functions, 
reducing headcount, and cross-utilising staff across the properties. For the full year of 2021, net hotel 
income reverted to a positive figure of EUR 14 million versus EUR -3 million in 2020.  
Complementary Assets Portfolio 
The Group’s Complementary Assets segment consists of land-bank plots in the Czech Republic, Berlin, 
and Italy, selective development projects and smaller portfolios that are complementary to the Group's 
overall strategy, such as logistics assets in Hungary. 
In the Czech Republic, landbank holdings amount to more than EUR 973 million. The majority of 
Czech landbank is situated in Prague, mainly relating to Bubny, a 201,000 sqm area strategically located 
close to the CBD and where the Group recently completed the redevelopment of flagship office 
Bubenská 1. The majority of the remainder of the Czech Republic landbank related to Nová Zbrojovka, 
Brno – where the Group is completing the regeneration and redevelopment of one of the largest 
brownfields in Brno and recently completed the first office development in the new neighbourhood, 
ZET.office. 
In Berlin, the Group owns landbank plots currently valued at EUR 157 million, located in attractive 
areas. This provides opportunities for low-risk extensions and developments.  
                                                    
1 Excluding Hvar resorts that are seasonally operated.

--- Page 241 ---
230 
 
 
The following chart provides a breakdown of the Group’s Complementary Assets Portfolio by value as 
of 31 December 2021:  
 
The following tables provide certain information on the Group's Complementary Assets portfolio for 
the periods indicated: 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
 
PP value (€ 
million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA (m൬) 
Potential 
GLA (m൬) 
Potential 
GSA (m൬) 
Land area 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
Landbank .............................  
൫,൯൬൪ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
൬൮,൳൫൱,൪൪൪ 
- 
Industry & logistics ..............  
൫൲൱ 
൳൱.൭ 
൫൲൳,൪൪൪ 
- 
- 
- 
൬൫ 
Agriculture ...........................  
൫൬൫ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
൬൭൪,൭൮൱,൪൪൪* 
- 
Development ........................  
൲൬ 
- 
- 
൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൰,൪൪൪ 
- 
൲ 
IMMOFINANZ – 
Development ........................  
൯൰ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Globalworth – Industry & 
logistics ................................  
൭൰ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other ....................................  
൬൮ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
൬ 
S IMMO ..............................  
൮ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total ....................................  
൬,൪൭൫ 
൳൱.൭ 
൫൲൳,൪൪൪ 
൰,൪൪൪ 
൫൰,൪൪൪ 
൬൯൯,൬൰൮,൪൪൪ 
൭൫ 
 
 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
PP value (€ 
million) 
Occupancy 
(%) 
GLA (m൬) 
Potential 
GLA (m൬) 
Potential 
GSA (m൬) 
Land area 
(m൬) 
No. of 
properties 
Landbank .............................  
൲൫൭ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
൬൫,൮൬൯,൪൪൪ 
- 
Industry & logistics ..............  
൫൫൱ 
൳൭.൱ 
൫൳൲,൪൪൪ 
- 
- 
- 
൬൪ 
Agriculture ...........................  
൫൫൫ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
൬൭൬,൮൰൳,൪൪൪* 
- 
Development ........................  
൮൮ 
- 
- 
- 
൫൲,൪൪൪ 
- 
൱ 
IMMOFINANZ – 
Development ........................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Globalworth – Industry & 
logistics ................................  
൭൫ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other ....................................  
൮ 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
S IMMO ..............................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total  ...................................  
൫,൫൬൫ 
൳൭.൱ 
൫൳൲,൪൪൪ 
- 
൫൲,൪൪൪ 
൬൯൭,൯൳൮,൪൪൪ 
൬൱ 
* Note: Includes farmland operated, but not owned by the Group  
Overview of Financial and Operational Results  
The Group maintains a prudent financial policy. Foreign exchange and interest rate risks arising from 
the Group’s operations, financial assets and liabilities are carefully managed and mitigated through the 
use of a range of hedging instruments. Tenant credit risk is managed by utilising a range of measures 
including credit rating scorecards. The Group has strong credit metrics supported by investment grade 
ratings, long-dated debt maturity profile, strong liquidity through cash and a large committed revolving 
credit facility from ten banks expiring in 2026, and access to multiple sources of capital, including 
international bonds issued across multiple jurisdictions under the Programme, private placements, 
Schuldschein, secured loans from its relationship banks and equity investment from its majority 
shareholder. As at 31 December 2021, the Group's land-bank comprised 11.6 per cent. or EUR 1,524

--- Page 242 ---
231 
 
 
million of the Group's total property portfolio representing a source of flexibility and liquidity for the 
Group. 
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's net loan to value was 35.7 per cent. and 
the Net Interest Coverage Ratio was 4.6x.  
The Group's unencumbered assets ratio remained stable.  The Group's proportion of secured debt to 
total debt decreased slightly at the end of 2021 to 27 per cent., primarily due to new issues of senior 
unsecured bonds and the repayment of secured loans in the Czech Republic. The Group has not 
historically paid dividends but has reinvested retained earnings in the business. The Group does not 
have any current plans to commence dividend payments.  
Following a review of the Group's financial policy in 2019, Management is committed to maintaining 
a net loan to value below 40 per cent., though it will consider 45 per cent. in cases of high strategic 
merit and to maintaining a Net Interest Coverage Ratio above 4x over the long term (See – "Policies"), 
in support of a strong investment grade profile.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's net loan to value dropped to a record low of 35.7 per cent., 
resulting primarily from the Group's targeted actions to strengthen its capital structure.  
Other key financial metrics remain in line with the Group’s financial policy and future rating objectives. 
Net Interest Coverage Ratio remains well above 4x at the end of 2021, supported by continued EBITDA 
expansion and a low average cost of debt. 
During 2021 and also in January 2022, the Group significantly enhanced its debt maturity profile 
through multiple liability management exercises, repaying almost EUR 1,200 million of debt in total 
maturing in 2022, 2023 and 2024. 
In the first quarter of 2021, the Group executed a non-cash share buyback equivalent to around 50 per 
cent. of combined FFO for 2020 and 2021 (forecast), in turn reducing shareholder loan receivables.  
As at the end of 2021, the Group had EUR 1.2 billion of available liquidity between cash and undrawn 
revolving credit facilities. The Group's liquidity position is supported by a EUR 700 million committed 
revolving credit facility with ten international banks that expires in 2026. Revolving credit facilities 
offer the Group significant flexibility to access cash quickly and at low cost.  
The revolving credit facility has remained fully undrawn for most of 2021. It was temporarily drawn in 
the first half of 2021 because UK takeover rules required funds to be placed in escrow while the 
Globalworth takeover offer was pending, amounting to the maximum cash outlay the Group would have 
needed to pay in the event all shareholders tendered their shares in the offer. In August 2021, the Group 
repaid the drawings under the revolving credit facility once the offer closed and surplus funds in escrow 
were returned to the Group.  
The following tables provide certain information on the Group's financial results in the periods and as 
of the dates under review: 
Selected consolidated statement of comprehensive income data 
 
As of ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
Net rental income ...................................................................................... 
൭൰
൭൭൲
Net business income .................................................................................. 
൭൲൯
൭൮൮
Operating result ......................................................................................... 
൫,൯൲൰
൮൪൮
Profit before income tax ............................................................................ 
൫,൯൰൫
൭൮൪

--- Page 243 ---
232 
 
 
Selected consolidated statement of financial position data 
 
As of 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
Total assets ................................................................................................ 
൫൮,൭൰൳
൫൫,൲൪൫
Selected additional information 
_______________ 
Notes: 
(൫) Excluding hotels and calculated on the basis of EPRA vacancy.  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, net rental income increased by 7 per cent. to EUR 363 million 
(31 December 2020: EUR 338 million). The positive development in net rental income was 
predominantly driven by an increase in the Group's gross rental income (partially offset by higher 
property operating expenses) and the Group's recent acquisitions (for more information, see " – 
History", "– IMMOFINANZ",   "– S IMMO", "Risk Factors – The Group may not be able to manage its 
growth successfully", "Risk Factors – Risks related to IMMOFINANZ's performance and unforeseen 
liabilities following its acquisition", "Risk Factors - Risks related to the integration of IMMOFINANZ's 
activities and the non-realisation of the expected synergies following the IMMOFINANZ Takeover" and 
"Risk Factors – Risks related to the triggering of change of control clauses following the IMMOFINANZ 
Takeover".  
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the operating result increased to EUR 1,586 million (31 December 
2020: EUR 404 million) and profit before income tax increased to EUR 1,561 million (31 December 
2020: EUR 340 million). The primary drivers for the increase were stable business performance 
supported by income contribution from recent acquisitions and developments, gradual recovery of the 
hotel sector, and positive revaluations of properties across the whole Group. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's net business income increased by 12 per cent. to EUR 
385 million and the Group's Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA increased by 9 per cent. to EUR 368 
million (note that this includes pro-rata EBITDA of equity accounted investees and other financial 
assets).   
Total assets increased by 21.8 per cent. to EUR 14,369 million as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 
2020: EUR 11,801 million). This increase was primarily driven by higher portfolio value and reduced 
by a decrease in loans provided. The Group's property portfolio increase is primarily due to acquisitions 
of EUR 1,491 million, primarily relating to the properties in Italy for EUR 617 million, a 21.6 per cent. 
stake in IMMOFINANZ for EUR 535 million, a 12.4 per cent. stake in S IMMO for EUR 199 million, 
and a property in London for EUR 62 million, together with an increase in fair value of EUR 1,434 
million.  
The net loan to value ratio decreased to 35.7 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: 
 
As of, and for the year ended, ൭൫ December 
€ millions (unless otherwise indicated) 
൬൪൬൫ 
൬൪൬൪ 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA ............................................................... 
൭൰൲
൭൭൲
Consolidated total indebtedness ................................................................. 
൯,൫൲൱
൮,൲൬൱
Property portfolio value  ............................................................................ 
൫൭,൫൫൳
൫൪,൭൫൰
Net loan to value ........................................................................................ 
൭൯.൱% 
൮൪.൱%
Net Interest Coverage Ratio ....................................................................... 
൮.൰x
൯.൮x
Secured leverage ratio ............................................................................... 
൳.൲%
൫൬.൪%
Unencumbered assets ratio ........................................................................ 
൱൪.൮%
൱൪.൪%
Vacancy rate(൫) ........................................................................................... 
൰.൬%
൰.൭%
EPRA Net reinstatement value .................................................................. 
൱,൪൭൳
൯,൫൫൲
Gross leasable area (thousand sqm) ........................................................... 
൭,൰൰൱
൭,൰൭൰
Average cost of debt .................................................................................. 
൫.൱൭%
൫.൱൭%

--- Page 244 ---
233 
 
 
40.7 per cent.). This decrease was primarily as a result of fresh equity raising, disposals and positive 
revaluations in the second half of 2021 (see "Overview of the Financial and Operation Results" above).  
The ratio of Secured Debt to Total Debt decreased to 27 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 
2020: 29 per cent.). The ratio of unencumbered assets increased marginally to 70.4 per cent. as of 31 
December 2021 (31 December 2020: 70.0 per cent). These movements were results of new issues of 
senior unsecured bonds and the repayment of secured loans in the Czech Republic. 
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Net Interest Coverage Ratio decreased to 4.6x (31 December 
2020: 5.4x). 
As of 31 December 2021, the overall vacancy rate decreased to 6.2 per cent. (31 December 2020: 6.3 
per cent.).  
Debt Overview 
The Group's sources of funding comprise senior unsecured Eurobonds issued to international investors 
under the Programme, secured loans from its relationship banks, unsecured revolving credit facilities 
and equity investment from its majority shareholder. 
Total Debt (which includes financial debts linked to assets held for sale) increased by EUR 360 million 
(which includes the bonds issued and financial debts), or 7.4 per cent. to EUR 5,187 million as of 31 
December 2021 (31 December 2020: EUR 4,827 million). Long-term debt increased by EUR 445 
million (which includes the bonds issued and financial debts), or by 10 per cent. to EUR 4,910 million 
as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: EUR 4,465 million). Short-term debt (that is, short-term 
borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt) decreased by EUR 85 million (which includes 
the bonds issued and financial debts), or 23 per cent. to EUR 277 million as of 31 December 2021 (31 
December 2020: EUR 362 million). 
Secured financial debts decreased by EUR 1.4 million to EUR 1,398 million as of 31 December 2021 
(31 December 2020: EUR 1,400 million). The Group's secured financial debts as a percentage of Total 
Debt has decreased to 27 per cent. as of 31 December 2021 from 29.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020.  
Unsecured debt (which includes unsecured bonds issued and unsecured financial debts) increased by 
EUR 361 million, to EUR 3,788 million as of 31 December 2021 (31 December 2020: EUR 3,427 
million). 
The ratio of fixed-rate debt increased from approximately 90 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 to 
approximately 93 per cent. as at 31 December 2021. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total value of unsecured bonds issued by the Issuer amounted to EUR 
3,734.8 million (31 December 2020: EUR 3,304.0 million). These bonds are denominated in EUR, 
HKD, USD, CHF, JPY, GBP and HUF.

--- Page 245 ---
234 
 
 
The following graph illustrates the maturity profile of the Group's external financing as of 31 December 
2021, broken down by type of funding source (in millions of EUR).  
 
 
In September 2017, the Issuer established an EMTN Programme which has subsequently been updated. 
In April 2019, the Issuer authorised an increase in the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
from time to time outstanding under the Programme from EUR 3,000 million to EUR 5,000 million.  
In October 2017, the Issuer issued EUR 600 million of senior unsecured bonds under the Programme, 
due in 2024.  In December 2017, the Issuer increased the bond issue by EUR 225 million.  
In February 2018 the Issuer signed a five year EUR 114.8 million loan agreement with UniCredit Bank 
to refinance Quadrio.  
In March 2018, the Issuer entered into a EUR 150 million two year revolving credit facility with a group 
of leading international and regional banks, including Barclays, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, JP 
Morgan, Komerční Banka and UniCredit Bank. 
In May 2018, the Issuer issued EUR 550 million of undated 4.375 per cent. fixed rate resettable 
subordinated notes. The notes were issued under the Issuer's EMTN programme, and the proceeds were 
used to repay debt, including secured loans and subsidiary bonds. These notes have no fixed maturity 
date and are callable by the Issuer from 9 November 2023. The notes are listed on Euronext Dublin. 
The notes are commonly known as "hybrids", and contain features of both debt and equity. Such 
perpetual hybrid instruments are accounted as equity under IFRS as reflected in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group. 
In August 2018, the Issuer signed a EUR 80 million two year revolving credit facility with HSBC, 
Nomura and Raiffeisen Bank International AG as lenders. 
In October 2018, the Issuer agreed with Komerční Banka on the refinancing of IGY shopping centre in 
České Budějovice, Czech Republic. The loan totalled EUR 60 million for a term of five years.  
During the fourth quarter of 2018 the Issuer issued EUR 840 million of senior unsecured bonds under 
the EMTN Programme, EUR 610 million of which were issued in Euro with a maturity in 2022, and 
EUR 145 million in Swiss Franc bonds with a maturity in 2023. In December 2018, the Issuer became 
the first European real estate company to complete a public bond offering in Japan. The Issuer issued 
EUR 85 million in Japanese Yen maturing in 2021 and 2028.

--- Page 246 ---
235 
 
 
In February 2019, the Issuer issued HKD 450 million of notes due in 2024 under the Programme. The 
Issuer converted the proceeds from the notes into Euros through a cross-currency swap. 
In March 2019, the Issuer issued USD 350 million of notes due in 2023 under the Programme. The 
Issuer subsequently increased the issue by USD 100 million in July 2019. The Issuer converted the US 
Dollar principal and coupons into Euros through cross-currency swaps. Also in March 2019, the Issuer 
signed a EUR 510 million 3-year unsecured revolving credit facility. This facility replaced the Issuer´s 
existing EUR 230 million facilities, which were scheduled to mature in 2020. Eleven regional and 
international banks participated in the new facility; all nine lenders in the 2020 facilities increased and 
extended their commitments, while two new banks also joined the facility. 
Further, in March 2019, the Issuer signed EUR 170 million of senior unsecured Schuldschein loans. 
The Schuldschein loans included EUR 111 million of floating-rate loans due in 2023, EUR 49 million 
of floating-rate loans due in 2025, and EUR 10 million 2.696 per cent. loans due in 2027. The terms 
and conditions of the Schuldschein are fully aligned with the Programme. 
In April 2019, the Issuer announced the successful placement of EUR 550 million 4.875 per cent. fixed-
rate resettable undated subordinated notes under the Programme. The notes have no fixed maturity date 
and are callable by the Issuer from 16 October 2025.  
In June 2019, the Issuer issued a HKD 283 million 4.450 per cent. bond under the Programme, due in 
2026. 
In October 2019, the Issuer issued its inaugural green bond under the Programme of EUR 750 million 
1.625 per cent. notes due in 2027.  
In January 2020, the Issuer issued a GBP 350 million 2.750 per cent. senior unsecured green bond under 
the Programme, due in 2028.   
In January 2020, the Issuer also issued a SGD 150 million 5.800 per cent. hybrid bond under the 
Programme, callable in 2025. 
In February 2020, the Issuer issued a HKD 250 million 3.014 per cent. bond under the Programme, due 
in 2030. 
On 11 February 2020, the Issuer signed a EUR 96 million secured bank loan with UniCredit Bank, due 
in 2027. 
On 30 March 2020, the Issuer authorised an increase in the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all 
Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme from EUR 5 billion to EUR 8 billion. 
In May 2020, the Issuer issued a EUR 750 million 2.750 per cent. green bond under the Programme, 
due in 2026. 
In July 2020, the Group's subsidiary GSG increased their loan from Berlin Hyp by EUR 259 million to 
a total of EUR 750 million.  The loan is due in October 2024. 
On 7 August 2020, CPI Hungary Investments issued HUF 30,000,000,000 2.25 per cent. Green Bonds 
guaranteed by the Issuer, due in 2030 (issued outside of the Group’s EMTN programme). 
On 8 September 2020, the Issuer announced tender offers targeting the Issuer’s EUR 550 million 4.375 
per cent. Fixed Rate Resettable Undated Subordinated Notes (the 2023 Hybrid Notes) and EUR 610 
million 1.450 per cent. Senior Notes due 2022 (the 2022 Notes). On 16 September 2020, the Issuer 
announced that EUR 328 million of the 2023 Hybrid Notes and EUR 12 million of 2022 Notes validly 
tendered were accepted for purchase by the Issuer in the tender offers.

--- Page 247 ---
236 
 
 
On 16 and 17 September 2020, respectively, the Issuer completed the issuance of 4.875 per cent. Fixed 
Rate Resettable Undated Subordinated Notes in the total amount of EUR 525 million (the New 
Hybrids) under the Programme. The New Hybrids will be treated as equity for IFRS accounting 
purposes and will receive 50 per cent. equity credit from both Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s. Proceeds 
from the New Hybrids are intended for general corporate purposes, with a primary focus on lengthening 
the Group’s refinancing profile and further reducing gross debt. 
On 25 November 2020, the Issuer signed a new EUR 700 million revolving credit facility with ten 
international banks (the Revolving Credit Facility). The Revolving Credit Facility matures in January 
2026 and replaces the Group’s existing EUR 510 million revolving credit facility, which matures in 
2022. Lenders to the Revolving Credit Facility are Banco Santander S.A., Bank of China (CEE) Ltd. 
Prague Branch, Barclays Bank PLC, Raiffeisen Bank International AG, Komerční Banka, Credit Suisse 
AG, London Branch, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC France, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC and 
UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.  
On 18 January 2021, the Issuer announced tender offers targeting the 2023 Hybrid Notes and the Issuer's 
EUR 825 million 2.125 per cent. Notes due 4 October 2024 (the 2024 Notes). On 26 January 2021, the 
Issuer announced that EUR 213 million of the 2023 Hybrid Notes and EUR 129 million of the 2024 
Notes validly tendered were accepted for purchase by the Issuer in the tender offers. On 1 March 2021, 
the Issuer completed the repurchase of the remaining outstanding EUR 9 million 2023 Hybrid Notes.  
On 27 January 2021, the Issuer issued undated 3.75 per cent. fixed rate resettable undated bonds of 
EUR 400 million which are callable in 2028 and 10-year 1.5 per cent. fixed rate senior unsecured bonds 
of EUR 600 million, which the Issuer subsequently increased by EUR 50 million on 1 February 2021. 
On 4 February 2021, the Issuer completed the repurchase of the remaining outstanding EUR 335 million 
2022 Notes. 
On 25 February 2021, the Issuer issued 4-year 0.71 per cent. JPY 3 billion senior unsecured bonds due 
in 2025.  
On 9 June 2021, the Issuer signed a EUR 208 million secured bank loan with UniCredit Bank due in 
2028. 
On 8 September 2021, the Issuer issued EUR 100 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes due 27 January 
2031 (to be consolidated and form a single series with the EUR 600 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes 
due 27 January 2031 issued on 27 January 2021 and the EUR 50 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes 
due 27 January 2031 issued on 1 February 2021) and EUR 75 million 3.750 per cent. Fixed Rate 
Resettable Undated Subordinated Notes (to be consolidated and form a single series with EUR 400 
million 3.750 per cent. Fixed Rate Resettable Undated Subordinated Notes issued on 27 January 2021). 
On 7 October 2021, the Issuer issued JPY 2,600,000,000 0.35 per cent. Notes due 2025. 
On 30 December 2021, the Issuer issued EUR 100 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes due 27 January 
2031, to be consolidated and form a single series with the EUR 600 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes 
due 27 January 2031 issued on 27 January 2021, the EUR 50 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes due 
27 January 2031 issued on 1 February 2021 and EUR 100 million 1.500 per cent. Senior Notes due 27 
January 2031 issued on 8 September 2021.  
On 7 January 2022, the Issuer announced that it had mandated a number of financial institutions for its 
inaugural sustainability-linked senior notes (the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes), intended to be 
issued pursuant to the Programme.  
The net proceeds of the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes, were intended to finance the Issuer's

--- Page 248 ---
237 
 
 
exercise of its issuer call options, pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) of the terms and conditions of the 2023 Notes (as defined below) and the 2024 Notes (as 
defined below), in respect of the outstanding: 
 
USD 450,000,000 4.750 per cent. Notes due 8 March 2023 (the 2023 Notes); and  
 
EUR 825,000,000 2.125 per cent. Notes due 4 October 2024 (the 2024 Notes).  
As at 7 January 2022, the total amounts outstanding were USD 376,893,000 for the 2023 Notes and 
EUR 239,405,000 for the 2024 Notes. 
Any remaining proceeds from the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes that were not required for the 
financing of the call options are intended to be used for general corporate purposes. 
On 14 January 2022, the Issuer issued EUR 700,000,000 1.750 per cent. Sustainability-Linked Senior 
Notes, due 14 January 2030, which are listed on the Main Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
(trading as Euronext Dublin) and were accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes were rated Baa2 by Moody’s and BBB by 
Standard & Poor’s. The ISIN code for the Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes is XS2432162654 and 
the Common Code is 243216265. 
The Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes are subject to a step-up margin of 0.25 per cent. in the final two 
years if the Issuer does not achieve a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions intensity of about 22 per 
cent. by year-end 2027. Sustainalytics, as independent second party opinion provider, assessed the 
Issuer's targets as "ambitious" with "very strong" key performance indicators that are aligned with the 
Paris Agreement. 
The Issuer announced that as a result of the issue, it became the first real estate company from its region 
to issue sustainability-linked bonds. 
In January 2022, the Issuer issued a tap of GBP 50 million of green bonds maturing in 2028.  
In April 2022, the Issuer signed EUR 133 million of senior unsecured Schuldschein loans. The 
Schuldschein loans included EUR 106 million of floating-rate loans due in 2026, and EUR 27 million 
of floating-rate loans due in 2028. The terms and conditions of the Schuldschein are fully aligned with 
the Programme. 
On 5 May 2022, the Issuer issued USD 120,000,000 6.02 per cent. Series A Senior Notes due 5 May 
2027, USD 100,000,000 6.06 per cent. Series B Senior Notes due 5 May 2028 and USD 110,000,000 
6.15 per cent. Series C Senior Notes due 5 May 2029 to purchasers under a private placement (issued 
outside of the Group's EMTN Programme).  
In total during 2021, the Group repaid more than EUR 750 million of senior unsecured bonds, 
Schuldschein and hybrid bonds in advance of the scheduled maturity or call date.  
The following graph illustrates secured bank debt breakdown by geography as at 31 December 2021:

--- Page 249 ---
238 
 
 
 
95 per cent. or EUR 1,324 million of outstanding secured bank loans are drawn from five large banking 
groups who are active in the Group's core regions. In total, the Group has secured loans from 15 banks 
active in the CEE region, Germany and Italy. During 2021 the Group repaid approximately EUR 263 
million of secured bank loans. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had EUR 1,398 million of secured 
financial debts, which represented 27 per cent. of Total Debt, compared to 29 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020. The majority of the Group's bank loans are denominated in Euros, with the largest 
portion of secured loans relating to Berlin, where there is a loan balance of EUR 806 million 
outstanding. 
The following graph illustrates the secured bank debt breakdown by lender as at 31 December 2021:

--- Page 250 ---
239 
 
 
The following graph illustrates the average cost of debt for the Group for the periods indicated: 
 
Energy Transition and Circular Economy 
The Group is committed to continuously improving the environmental performance of its portfolio. It 
is fully aware of the global challenge of climate change, and the Group is willing to contribute to the 
goals of the Paris Agreement and European energy regulations by setting appropriate targets for the 
Group. In February 2019, the Group set objectives for the reduction of water consumption by 10 per 
cent. reductions by 2030 compared to the 2018 baseline. In March 2021, the Group announced its 
commitment to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) intensity by 30 per cent. by 2030 from its 2019 baseline 
and transition all electricity purchased by the Group to 100 per cent. renewable sources by 2024. The 
Group closely monitors developments of new EU legislation and standards that align with the Paris 
Agreement objectives. In 2021, the Group reported reductions in GHG intensity of 12.5 per cent. and 
water intensity by 13.2 per cent. compared to its 2021 target. Energy intensity increased by 1.6 per cent.  
The Group's first Green Bond Framework was developed in March 2019. In May 2020, the Group 
updated its Framework, the updated version of which was published on 6 January 2022 to form part of 
the Issuer's Sustainability Finance Framework (insofar as it relates to Green Bonds, the Green Bond 
Framework) under which the Group committed to use proceeds from green bonds to finance or refinance 
existing or future projects which improve the environmental performance of the Group's property

--- Page 251 ---
240 
 
 
portfolio and contribute to the Group's climate impact mitigation objectives. The Green Bond 
Framework defines eligibility criteria according to four types of green assets/initiatives: certified green 
buildings, energy efficiency, renewable energy and the promotion of sustainable farming. The May 
2020 version of the Green Bond Framework was fully aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 
2018 and was the subject of a SPO provided by Sustainalytics. The January 2022 update of the Green 
Bond Framework is fully aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 and is the subject of a 
SPO on the Green Bond Framework (having been included within the SPO provided by Sustainalytics 
on the Sustainability Finance Framework). See "Use of Proceeds" section for more information. 
On 28 October 2019, the Group issued its inaugural green bond of EUR 750 million and became the 
first company in its region to issue a benchmark Euro-denominated green bond. This was followed by 
a subsequent Sterling-denominated green bond issuance in January 2020 of GBP 350 million, a Euro-
denominated green bond issuance in May 2020 of EUR 750 million and a Forint-denominated green 
bond issuance in August 2020 of HUF 30 billion. 
On 14 January 2022, the Issuer issued EUR 700,000,000 1.750 per cent. Sustainability-Linked Senior 
Notes, due 14 January 2030, which are listed on the Main Market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc 
(trading as Euronext Dublin) and were accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, See 
"Description of the Issuer – Debt Overview" for more information.  
The Group achieved a CDP Global (CDP) score of B- for 2021 compared to a score of C in 2020. The 
score is classified as "Management", meaning the Group is taking coordinated action on climate issues. 
The B- score aligns with the global average and the Land & Property ownership & development sector 
average. Additionally, the Group achieved a strong ESG rating from Sustainalytics of 12.8 / 100 in 
December 2021, an improvement from 15.2 / 100 in September 2020, placing the Group among the top 
5 per cent. of issuers globally.  
At the end of 2021, the share of certified buildings in the Group's portfolio had increased to 33 per cent. 
of total value and 24.2 per cent. of total GLA, which represents an improvement of 7.2 percentage points 
and 1.3 percentage points respectively over 2020 figures. At the end of the reporting period, the Group's 
portfolio included 34 certified assets in operation, increasing by 123,415 sqm and EUR 411.5 million 
in value since 2020.  
The increase in certified assets relates primarily to acquisitions in Italy such as the Maximo Shopping 
Center, which holds a BREEAM certification of "Very Good", and to equity investments in 
IMMOFINANZ, which held 31.5 per cent. of certified area in 2020. In addition, the recently developed 
ZET.office in Brno achieved a BREEAM "Excellent" certification in 2021, becoming the first BREAM 
In-Use version 6 certified project in the Czech Republic.  
At the end of 2021, 89.6 per cent. of the Group's green-certified buildings per GLA were BREEAM 
"Very Good" and above and LEED "Gold" and above. BREEAM or LEED certification is considered 
for every new development and significant refurbishments as well as for buildings in operation 
wherever possible. The Group has "in-use" certifications on its properties, reflecting its performance 
under current operation. In order to improve the efficiency benchmarking of non-certified properties in 
the portfolio, the Group considers other measures to benchmark the energy efficiency of properties in 
local markets. In the Czech Republic and Hungary, a statistical analysis of the top 15 per cent. most 
energy-efficient commercial buildings has been developed. In Berlin, the Group focuses on properties 
in compliance with the Low Carbon Trajectory methodology set by the Climate Bond Initiative. 
Changes in the Group's like-for-like energy consumption year-on-year varied across categories: 
electricity decreased by 1.7 per cent., district heating and cooling increased by 3.3 per cent. and fuels 
increased by 8.6 per cent.

--- Page 252 ---
241 
 
 
The like-for-like asset segments contributing to decreases in electricity consumption were Offices (2.9 
per cent.), Shopping Centres (3.8 per cent.), Retail (5.7 per cent.), Residentials (0.3 per cent.) and Hotels 
(2.0 per cent.). Electricity consumption increased by 24.8 per cent. in Industry & Logistics.  
The Group maintains a strategic performance benchmark for its specific GHG production of 30 per 
cent. reduction by 2030 compared to the 2019 baseline. The vast majority (96.4 per cent.) of GHG 
production came from operated buildings. For the purpose of accurate tracking of the performance of 
the operated buildings (the major GHG contributor), ski resort Crans-Montana and Farms are reported 
separately. 
In 2021, GHG intensity across the entire portfolio (adjusted for reported area) outperformed the required 
2021 target by 12.5 per cent.. Further assessments will be undertaken across regions and segments to 
identify ways to continue to improve the trend. The Group's main contributors by country to GHG 
emissions intensity in 2021 were Romania (0.127 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions 
per annum (t CO2e/sqm p.a.)), followed by Poland (0.121 t CO2e/sqm p.a.) and the Czech Republic 
(0.098 tCO2e/sqm p.a.). GHG emissions decreased in most segments except for Germany, Hungary and 
Slovakia. Water consumption intensity for like-for-like built assets in operation decreased by 0.2 per 
cent.  
Switching electricity purchases to 100 per cent. renewable sources is expected to have a marked impact 
on reducing the Group's overall GHG emissions and intensity in the future since this comprises a 
significant portion of the Group’s energy mix and is mostly derived from fossil fuel sources. The switch 
will also materially contribute to the Group's revised 2030 GHG reduction target. In 2021, the share of 
electricity from renewable sources increased significantly to almost 17 per cent..  
Based on analysis undertaken with the Group's external consultants CI2 and UCEEB, the Group’s new 
GHG reduction target aligns the Group with Paris Agreement climate goals to limit the global 
temperature increase versus pre-industrial levels to well below 2 degrees centigrade.  
Major Shareholders 
The Issuer's issued share capital consists of 8,902,915,298 ordinary shares as of 31 December 2021. 
The shares are governed by the laws of Luxembourg. As of 31 December 2021, Mr Radovan Vítek, 
through his associated entities, controls 88.77 per cent. of the Issuer's shares and 89.44 per cent. of 
voting rights. 
In March 2018, the Board completed a buy-back of certain shares of the Group under the buyback 
programme. A total of 724,853,952 shares with a par value of Euro 0.10 each were acquired for the 
proposed acquisition price of EUR 0.20 per share. At the time of buy-back this represented a direct 
holding of 7.64 per cent. of the Group's share capital. The shares were bought-back from an entity 
affiliated with the majority shareholder, Mr Radovan Vítek. 
On 15 February 2021, the Group announced a share buy-back of up to 650,000,000 shares under the 
Company's share buy-back programme. The buy-back was completed on 26 February 2021 with a total 
of 641,658,176 shares tendered for an aggregate amount of EUR 395,261,436 (or EUR 0.616 per share 
tendered). About 94 per cent. of the shares tendered were by the Group's primary shareholder, Radovan 
Vitek (350,500,000 shares) and the Group's subsidiary CPI FIM SA (252,302,248 shares). The rest of 
the tenders were from management and third parties. Proceeds from shares tendered by the Group's 
primary shareholders were used to repay shareholder loans, having a broadly cash-neutral impact on 
the Group. The tendered shares were cancelled by the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders 
held on 31 March 2021. The extraordinary general meeting resolved to decrease the corporate capital 
of the Group.

--- Page 253 ---
242 
 
 
On 1 September 2021, the Issuer announced the issuance of 162,337,662 new ordinary shares for EUR 
100 million. The new ordinary shares, having a par value of EUR 0.10, were issued at a subscription 
price of EUR 0.616 per share in a reserved capital increase under the Issuer's authorised share capital. 
All of the shares were subscribed by entities closely associated with Mr. Radovan Vitek, being the 
beneficial owner of the Issuer. The new shares were fully paid up by a cash contribution, further 
strengthening the Issuer’s equity. 
On 22 November 2021, the Issuer announced it had entered into a subscription agreement with Apollo, 
a leading global real estate investor, for the issuance of 487,012,987 of the Issuer's new ordinary shares, 
which were priced at EUR 0.616 per share. Additionally, Mr Radovan Vitek subscribed for 243,506,494 
of the Issuer's new ordinary shares at EUR 0.616 per share, which increased the Group’s equity by a 
further EUR 150 million.  
On 30 November 2021, the Issuer announced it had completed its issuance of 487,012,987 new ordinary 
shares to Apollo for an aggregate subscription amount of EUR 300 million (the stake represented 
approximately 5.5 per cent. of the Issuer's share capital). The Issuer also announced it adopted a new 
distribution policy, increasing its FFO distribution target from 50 per cent. to 65 per cent. beginning in 
2022. 
At the Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of the Group held on 16 December 2021, the 
shareholders decided to cancel the possibility to create and issue up to ten billion (10,000,000,000) non-
voting shares, having a par value of ten eurocents (EUR 0.10) each, and also the possibility to create 
and issue up to ten billion (10,000,000,000) beneficiary shares without any voting rights and being 
under registered form only.  
Mr Radovan Vítek and entities owned by him have invested more than EUR 2 billion in the Issuer. This 
includes cash contributions of EUR 150.0 million in November 2021 and EUR 100.0 million in 
September 2021, EUR 50.0 million in April 2018, EUR 100.0 million in November 2017 and EUR 51.5 
million in June 2017; an in kind contribution of EUR 4.45 million in December 2016; a cash 
contribution of EUR 130 million in November 2016; a cash contribution of EUR 55 million in June 
2016; a EUR 297 million bond contribution in exchange for shares in April 2016; and a EUR 149 
million bond and loan contribution in exchange for shares in December 2014. 
The following table sets forth the ownership of the Issuer's shares, as of 31 December 2021, in so far as 
it is known to the Issuer: 
Owner 
Number of ordinary 
shares owned 
Share of total number 
of ordinary shares  
Share of voting rights 
 
 
(%) 
(%) 
Mr. Vítek and entities controlled by Mr. Vítek.......... 
7,902,846,980 
88.77 
89.44 
Clerius Properties (affiliate of Apollo Funds) 
487,012,987 
5.47 
5.51 
Others ........................................................................ 
446,055,331 
5.01 
5.05 
Treasury shares held by the Group ............................ 
67,000,000 
0.75 
0.00 
Total shares outstanding.........................................
൲,൳൪൬,൳൫൯,൬൳൲ 
൫൪൪.൪൪ 
൫൪൪.൪൪ 
Property Valuation 
The annual consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared in compliance with IFRS, which 
includes the application of fair value methods. The properties are regularly valued by independent 
experts. The valuation reports are prepared in accordance with RICS Standards. The Group conducts 
an open tender process annually in order to select its external valuation providers.  
The following table summarises the number and value of the Group's real estate assets appraised by 
individual firms, as well as the share of the appraised value in the total valuation. For the purpose of 
informative value, individual appraisers' workload and valuation results are presented by business

--- Page 254 ---
243 
 
 
segments. The contribution of individual firms to total valuation summarised across business segments 
is also included.  
 
 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫ 
 
Share in relation to the Group's 
total property portfolio 
 
% 
Jones Lang LaSalle ........................................................................................................................... 
൬൰
Savills ............................................................................................................................................... 
൬൭
Knight Frank .................................................................................................................................... 
൳
CBRE ............................................................................................................................................... 
൳
Colliers ............................................................................................................................................. 
൱
Cushman & Wakefield ..................................................................................................................... 
൱
RSM ................................................................................................................................................. 
൫
Other................................................................................................................................................. 
൬
Acquisition ....................................................................................................................................... 
൫൫
AHFS ............................................................................................................................................... 
൯
 
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൪ 
 
Share in relation to the Group's 
total property portfolio 
 
% 
Jones Lang LaSalle ........................................................................................................................... 
൮൯
Savills ............................................................................................................................................... 
൬൰
Cushman & Wakefield ..................................................................................................................... 
൫൪
RSM TACOMA; CBRE; BNP; Knight Frank .................................................................................. 
൫൫
Other................................................................................................................................................. 
൮
Acquisition Costs ............................................................................................................................. 
൰
In the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group realised a net valuation gain of EUR 1,276 million, 
relating to the revaluation of the Berlin and Warsaw office, landbank and residential portfolios in the 
Czech Republic, and recent acquisitions in Italy which were purchased at large discounts to fair value 
and subsequently revalued. In the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group realised a net valuation 
gain of EUR 173 million, relating to the Group's Berlin office portfolio and the Group's residential and 
landbank portfolios in the Czech Republic.  
Directors of the Issuer and Group Executive Management  
General 
The Issuer is committed to the continual and progressive implementation of the real estate industry's 
best practices with respect to corporate governance and continues to adjust and improve its internal 
practices in order to meet evolving standards. The Issuer aims to communicate regularly with its 
shareholders and stakeholders regarding corporate governance. The Issuer follows the Ten Principles 
and Recommendations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as a reference for its Corporate Governance 
Rules. The security instruments of the Issuer and its respective subsidiaries are listed on several 
European regulated markets, including stock exchanges in Dublin, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Tokyo, 
Zurich and Warsaw. As such, the rules and regulations applicable to these trading venues are applicable 
to the Issuer or its respective subsidiaries. 
Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board of Directors (the Board) has eight members (the Directors). The members of the 
Board are elected at the general meeting of shareholders for a term not exceeding six years. They are 
eligible for re-election and may be removed at any time.  
On 6 December 2020, the Issuer announced, with immediate effect, the resignation of Mr Radovan 
Vitek and Mrs Marie Vitek from the Board, and the appointment of Mr Jonathan Lewis to the Board as

--- Page 255 ---
244 
 
 
an independent non-executive director. Mr and Mrs Vitek's decision to retire form the Board was 
informed by personal reasons and does not impact Mr Vitek's shareholding in, or his commitment to, 
the Group. 
On 16 December 2021, the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer resolved to 
modify the Issuer's articles of association and appoint Tim Scoble with immediate effect to the Board 
of Directors until the annual general meeting of the shareholders of the Issuer to be held in 2022, 
concerning the approval of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial year ending on 31 December 2021. Following Mr. Scoble's appointment, the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors increased the total number of directors to eight (three executive directors, which are 
members of management, and five non-executive directors, of which three are independent, one is a 
former manager of the Group and one is an Apollo representative). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board consists of the following Directors: 
Name 
Birthdate 
Current position 
Position held since 
Edward Hughes 
൫൳൰൰ 
Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director 
൫൪ March ൬൪൫൮ 
Martin Němeček 
൫൳൱൯ 
CEO and Managing Director 
൫൪ March ൬൪൫൮ 
Tomáš Salajka 
൫൳൱൯ 
Director of Acquisitions, Asset Management & Sales 
൫൪ March ൬൪൫൮ 
Philippe Magistretti  
൫൳൯൰ 
Non-Executive Director 
൬൲ May ൬൪൫൮ 
Oliver Schlink 
൫൳൱൪ 
CFO & Managing Director of GSG Berlin 
൬൲ May ൬൪൫൮ 
Omar Sattar 
൫൳൱൫ 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
൬൳ May ൬൪൫൳ 
Jonathan Lewis 
൫൳൯൯ 
Independent Non-Executive Director 
൰ December ൬൪൬൪ 
Tim Scoble  
൫൳൯൱ 
Independent Non-Executive Director  
൫൰ December ൬൪൬൫  
This team has overseen the Group's growth generation, capital raising and leverage reduction. 
The roles of Chairman of the Board and CEO are clearly separated to ensure a balance of power and 
prevent any director from exercising unfettered powers of decision making. 
The business address of the directors is 40, rue de la Vallée, L-2661 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
The following are short profiles of the members of the Board: 
Edward Hughes  
Chairman, independent, non-executive member  
Edward has been the member of the Board of Directors since March 2014. He has been engaged in real 
estate investment, consultancy and brokerage activities in Central Europe for more than 20 years. 
Edward is an experienced real estate and finance professional having engaged in many significant asset 
acquisition, and development projects in the region. Edward is a Chartered Accountant, after starting 
his career with Arthur Andersen (London – 1988), in September 1991 he transferred to the Prague 
office. Since this time, he has been almost exclusively focused on Central Europe including during his 
employment as an Associate Director of GE Capital Europe. Edward is a graduate of Trinity College, 
Dublin where he majored in Business and Economics with Honours (1988). 
Martin Němeček 
Executive member  
Martin has been a member of the Board of Directors since 10 March 2014. Martin is a seasoned real 
estate professional with over 20 years of experience in both legal and executive functions. Martin joined 
CPIPG in 2011 and is now responsible for the Group's corporate strategy, international transactions, 
business development, and legal matters. He led the integration of CPIPG and GSG into CPIPG in 2014, 
managed foreign expansion of the Group, including takeover of publicly listed companies (including 
ABLON, ORCO, Next RE (formerly Nova RE), GLOBALWORTH and IMMOFINANZ). During his 
career, he has completed acquisitions with a total value exceeding EUR 15 billion. Martin was a board

--- Page 256 ---
245 
 
 
member of several listed companies. Martin was instrumental in CPIPG becoming the real estate leader 
of international debt capital markets and ESG, with three investment grade ratings (Moody's, S&P and 
JCR) and several pioneer issuances, including the first regional green bonds and sustainability-linked 
bonds. From 2001 to 2011, Martin worked as a real estate lawyer for Salans (today Dentons), Linklaters 
and Kinstellar law firms. Martin graduated from the Faculty of Law of Charles University in Prague 
and the University of Economics, Prague.  
Tomáš Salajka 
Executive member  
Tomáš has been the member of the Board of Directors since 10 March 2014. Tomáš is responsible for 
asset management of the Group’s portfolio, including all the transactions and platforms in Germany, 
Poland and Hungary. Before joining CPI Property Group, Tomáš was CEO of Orco Property Group 
and also was working over the last 10 years for GE Real Estate Germany/CEE where his latest position 
was the Head of Asset Management & Sales CEE and before that for CSOB in the Restructuring 
Department. He studied foreign trade at the University of Economics in Prague, Czech Republic (VSE).  
Philippe Magistretti 
Non-executive member  
Philippe has been a member of the Board of Directors since 28 May 2014. End of 2020 Philippe retired 
from his executive functions with CMA (Crans Montana Ski Resort). Before joining CPI Property 
Group, Philippe acted as Chairman of Seveneast, a private wealth management firm in Switzerland, 
from 2009 to 2015. He was a Member of the Executive Committee and Head of Wealth Management 
at Renaissance Investment Management in Moscow from August 2006 to January 2008. Prior to joining 
Renaissance Investment Management, Philippe worked with UBP for two years where he was a 
Member of the Executive Committee and Head of Private Banking. Philippe worked for Lazard Group 
for more than ten years, as a General Partner of Lazard Frères & Co., New York (from January 1994 to 
January 2002), Managing Director of Lazard Brothers, London (from January 2002 to February 2004) 
and CEO of Crédit Agricole Lazard Financial Products Bank, London, a derivatives subsidiary of 
Lazard Group (from April 1995 to June 2003). Prior to that, Philippe held executive positions at AIG 
Financial Products, Credit Suisse First Boston and Solomon brothers in New York. Philippe was a 
member of the board of Fellows at Harvard Medical School for ten years (1992–2002). He holds an 
MBA from IMD (Lausanne) and a Doctorate in Medicine from the University of Geneva (1982–1984) 
(Nuclear Medicine), is Fellow of the Harvard Medical School (1978–1981), received an MD degree 
from the University of Geneva in 1980 and holds a Masters in Philosophy from the University of 
Geneva. 
Oliver Schlink 
Executive member  
Oliver has been the member of the Board of Directors since 28 May 2014. Oliver has been working for 
GSG Berlin for more than ten years. Oliver is solely responsible for finance areas (accounting, 
controlling, tax, financing), legal, HR and financially driven communication of GSG Berlin and has 
shared responsibility, with the other GSG Berlin managing directors, for the areas of IT and 
development. Oliver started his career at KPMG in 1998, where he worked for four years. In 2001 he 
joined Deutsche Annington (today Vonovia), where he worked for almost ten years, mostly as the Head 
of Controlling. In 2001, Oliver was responsible for managing one of the four regions of the Deutsche 
Annington group, comprising 43,000 flats in Westphalia. Oliver holds a dual degree in Business 
Administration and Engineering from TU Berlin, where he graduated as Diplom Wirtschaftsingenieur

--- Page 257 ---
246 
 
 
in 1997. 
Omar Sattar 
Independent, non-executive member  
Omar has been the member of the Board of Directors since 29 May 2019. Omar is a seasoned property 
professional and a RICS qualified Chartered Surveyor with over 25 years of experience. Omar is from 
the UK, but has spent most of his career working in the CEE region in roles such as the Managing 
Director of Colliers International and DTZ Zadelhoff in the Czech Republic and has also held senior 
Director positions at both Avestus Capital Partners and the Orco Property Group. Omar currently runs 
his own independent real estate advisory business and holds a BSc (Hons) degree in Land Economics 
from the University of West of Scotland. 
Jonathan Lewis 
Independent, non-executive member  
Jonathan has been a member of the Board since 6 December 2020. He is an independent real estate 
consultant who practised for 40 years as a solicitor, most recently as a real estate partner at international 
law firm CMS. He started his career at law firm DJFreeman where he became chief executive. During 
his career as a solicitor he has advised both developers and institutional investors on major office 
developments in the City of London and in the UK as well as portfolio acquisitions and financings. He 
has been involved on the remuneration committee of substantial law firms as well as performing 
management roles. He is currently adviser to a number of family offices with significant property 
portfolios as well as a lending fund. Outside of his business interests he is on the international board of 
Israel Bonds and chairman of UK Jewish Film. Jonathan is a graduate of Manchester University where 
he obtained a degree in Economics. 
Tim Scoble  
Independent, non-executive member  
Tim has been a member of the Board since 16 December 2021. Since August 2013 he has acted as an 
advisor to Apollo Management International LLP. He has been the commercial lead on multiple 
acquisitions and participated as a director on a number of boards, both in executive and non-executive 
roles. In the last 10 years, Tim has held a number of other advisory roles, including at Lapithus Sarl, 
IBRC, Q Hotels and acting as a non-executive director at Rank Plc for 7 years until the end of 2015. 
Prior to this, he was the CEO of GuocoLeisure Ltd, a listed leisure and property company in Singapore 
for 4 years and, prior to this, the CEO of its UK operating business. He has worked in the leisure and 
hospitality business for over 25 years across Europe, North America, and Asia. Tim is a member of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.  
Management 
The following are short profiles of the members of the Issuer's executive management team: 
Martin Němeček, Chief Executive Officer of CPI Property Group, was appointed in March 2014. His 
biography is above. See "—Board of Directors". 
Zdeněk Havelka, Executive Director of CPI Property Group, was appointed in June 2014. Before 
joining CPI Property Group, Zdeněk led the CPI Group as CEO. He joined the CPI Group in 2002 as a 
senior accountant. Later, he was appointed the Chief Financial Officer. In 2005, he was appointed the 
Chief Executive Officer and his direct subordinates were directors of departments of internal audit, 
development, asset management, acquisitions, property management and operations. He attended the

--- Page 258 ---
247 
 
 
milestones most important for the growth of the real estate group that has already expanded beyond the 
Czech Republic borders long ago. Zdeněk is a graduate of the Faculty of Agriculture, the University of 
South Bohemia in České Budějovice.  
Tomáš Salajka, Director of Acquisitions, Asset Management & Sales of CPI Property Group, was 
appointed in June 2014. His biography is above. See "—Board of Directors". 
David Greenbaum, Chief Financial Officer of CPI Property Group, was appointed in February 2018. 
David is responsible for the Group's capital structure, external financing, corporate finance, and other 
strategic matters. David joined the Group after 16 years at Deutsche Bank, where he was most recently 
co-head of Debt Capital Markets for the CEEMEA region. David is also a member of CPIPG's CSR 
committee. David graduated magna cum laude from Cornell University with a degree in English 
language and literature.  
Pavel Měchura, Group Finance Director of CPI Property Group, was appointed in February 2018. 
Pavel began his career at KPMG in 2004 before joining CPI Group as an IFRS specialist in 2010. Pavel 
has 11 years of real estate experience, including eight years with CPI Property Group where he is now 
responsible for the Group's accounting and reporting, consolidation, valuations and strategic planning. 
Pavel graduated from Technical University of Liberec with a degree in Economics and Managerial 
Informatics. 
Jan Kratina, Director of CPI Hotels, was appointed in June 2006. Jan has served for more than 12 
years as Chief Executive Officer and nine years as Chairman of the Board of CPI Hotels, and has 
accumulated over 20 years of experience in hospitality. Jan is now responsible for strategic development 
of the Group's hotel portfolio including identifying opportunities and in key projects in Slovakia, 
Poland, Hungary, Russia and Croatia. 
Potential Conflicts of Interests 
Other than as described in "Risk Factors–The Group's controlling shareholder's interest may differ from 
the interests of Noteholders", there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed by the 
Directors to the Issuer and their private interests or other duties.  
Pursuant to applicable Luxembourg company law, in the event that a Director has a direct or indirect 
conflict between his/her interests and those of the Issuer in any matter to be resolved upon by the Board 
he/she (i) must promptly inform the Board of such potential conflict; (ii) must request that such potential 
conflict is recorded in the minutes of the relevant Board meeting; and (iii) cannot take part in such 
deliberations nor vote in relation to the matter in which he/she is conflicted.  
Corporate Governance Principles   
The Group's corporate governance objectives include excellence and transparency in management 
controls, corporate reporting and internal procedures, and as a result this safeguards the interests of the 
Group's stakeholders.  
The Group continually reviews and implements industry best practices, and has adjusted its internal 
practices in order to meet international standards.  
The Group's corporate governance practices principally follow the Ten Principles of Corporate 
Governance of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the X Principles). In addition, in 2019, the Group 
approved the "Code of Business Ethics and Conduct of CPI Property Group" (the Code of Ethics), 
which, together with the Group's newly updated policies, forms the framework for the Group's corporate 
governance and compliance.  
The X Principles provide companies with guidance in the application of corporate governance rules and

--- Page 259 ---
248 
 
 
have evolved over time in line with changes in regulations and market practices. The X Principles are 
based on Luxembourg legislation regarding commercial companies, and specifically on the financial 
regulations that are applicable to companies listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and in general 
to all companies listed in the EU).  
Policies 
The Group updated the following policies in 2020 and 2021: 
 
Financial  
The Group continues to affirm its commitment to financial policy and credit ratings. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group's Net LTV was 35.7 per cent., a record low for the Group and 
a decrease from 40.7 per cent. compared to 2020  
The Group has worked closely with its advisers to ensure that the Group’s financial policy and 
credit ratings can be maintained even as the Group pursues selective growth. Strategies under active 
consideration include third-party equity investments or equity partnerships at the level of the Issuer 
and/or its subsidiary Next RE (formerly Nova RE), organic equity generation through acquisitions 
at sharp discounts to fair value and FFO retention, sales of landbank and non-core assets, and capital 
recycling. The Group continues to target high-BBB ratings in the future. 
 
Business Ethics and Conduct 
Ethical practice is a core component of the Group's corporate philosophy. The Group is committed 
to transparency in its management structure, corporate reporting and internal procedures and rules.  
The Group’s essential business principle is to comply with applicable laws, industry standards and 
best practices, including those relating to Corporate Governance and Compliance. 
 
Participation in Public Procurement and Public Tenders 
The Group introduced a procurement policy, to set out universal standards for the Group, which 
aims to ensure that all procurement activity is conducted in a cost-effective, transparent and non-
discriminatory manner and in compliance with applicable laws. The main principles are legality, 
non-discrimination, transparency, cost-efficiency, binding nature and confidentiality.  
The Group complies with laws on public procurement and public tenders. The Group has a zero 
tolerance policy in respect of any illegal or non-ethical practices relating to public procurement and 
public tenders, including bribery, corruption and fraud. 
 
Prohibition of Corruption, Bribery and Fraud 
The Group does not tolerate corruption, bribery or frauds and complies with all applicable anti-
corruption, anti-bribery and anti-fraud laws (including UK Bribery Act of 2010 and US Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act of 1977). 
 
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing 
The Group’s business activities are conducted in accordance with applicable laws on the prohibition 
and prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing. In addition, the Group has 
implemented measures to prevent the misuse of its services for money laundering and terrorism 
financing. 
 
International Sanctions and Export Controls 
The Group complies with applicable laws of the European Union, USA, UK and those of other

--- Page 260 ---
249 
 
 
countries that may apply concerning the import and export of goods, services, software and 
technology, foreign economic and trade sanctions, export controls, embargoes and international 
boycotts of any type.  
 
Whistle-Blowing  
The Group encourages its employees, agents and members of management, as well as shareholders, 
investors, customers and other business partners and stakeholders, to raise any concerns about 
breaches of applicable laws, the Code of Ethics, the Group’s internal rules or any other illegal or 
unethical matters. All reports made in good faith are kept confidential and the Group has 
implemented procedures for the independent investigation of any reported irregularities. At the 
beginning of 2022, the Group updated the whistleblowing policy in order to comply with the new 
EU Whistleblower Directive. 
 
Insider Trading 
The Group complies with applicable laws on the prohibition of insider trading, and neither the 
Group nor its representatives may trade in shares or other securities of any company, either directly 
or indirectly or through another individual, as long as this information relating to such company has 
not been made public, and may not disclose such information, other than in the normal course of 
business.  
Additionally, any inside information within the Group is only disseminated to other representatives 
on a need to know basis. Each representative is required to exercise care to keep such information 
secure from unnecessary or unintended disclosure, including the disposal of documents containing 
such information.  
 
Code of Conduct for Tenants 
The Group seeks to build a partnership with all entities which occupy any premises owned by the 
Group (the Tenants) and to ensure that they operate in a manner consistent with the Group’s values 
including ethical, social and environmental aspects.  
The Group requires that all tenants are in compliance with applicable laws, as well as hold and keep 
valid all required authorisations to conduct their business operations.  
 
Code of Conduct for Suppliers 
The Group expects suppliers to meet the same ethical, social and environmental standards as the 
Group. Compliance with these standards is monitored through on-site visits and periodic reviews 
of suppliers.  
 
Human Capital and Employment 
The Group values diversity in the workplace and seeks to ensure a diverse and inclusive 
environment for all of its employees and the Group strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination or 
harassment within the workplace and maintains policies designed to promote workplace diversity. 
 
Environment and CSR  
The Group’s sustainability strategy informs every aspect of the Group's governance and operations 
and the Group integrates corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmental factors into the 
business decision-making process, safeguarding the interests of all stakeholders; shareholders, 
bondholders, lenders, tenants, employees, suppliers and contractors, communities and local 
authorities. The Group is committed and has established a set of environmental key performance 
indicators comprising: energy consumption; emissions of greenhouse gases; water consumption;

--- Page 261 ---
250 
 
 
and level of achieved sustainability certifications. 
The Board has created a CSR Committee that focuses on the supervision of sustainability, 
environmental, corporate social responsibility, green financing, and compliance matters for the 
Group. 
The Group's key sustainability principles are: 
 
Promoting a sustainable approach towards real estate development and management; 
 
Contributing to environmental protection and the development of local communities in which 
the Group operates; 
 
Pursuing a sustainable business model that allows the Group to achieve its business objectives 
without placing an excessive burden on the environment; 
 
Actively managing the Group’s assets to continually improve environmental performance, 
quality and resilience; and 
 
Encouraging proactive contributions from all employees, tenants, customers and stakeholders 
of the Group to meeting the Group's environmental objectives. 
The Group endorses all the 17 Sustainable Development Goals as defined by the United Nations 
for the period 2015 – 2030, as well as the 2015 Paris Agreement within the United Nations 
Framework Convention on Climate Change. The Group contributes to the fulfilment of the 
Sustainable Development Goals in all its operations. In particular, the Group has identified priority 
goals to which it intends to assign a key and increasing role: good health and well-being; affordable 
and clean energy; decent work and economic growth; industry, innovation and infrastructure; 
sustainable cities and communities; and climate action and life on land. 
The Group has set performance targets for its greenhouse gas production and water consumption 
by the end of 2030, and increased the level of ambition of its GHG intensity target to be in line with 
Paris Agreement goals in March 2021. The Group has also set a target to switch to 100 per cent. 
renewable energy purchases by 2024. 
The Group also makes investments in green buildings, green capital expenditures to improve energy 
efficiency and green mobility. The Group's goal is to gradually increase the share of green and 
certified buildings in its portfolio and to utilise environmental certification schemes to validate the 
sustainability value of key assets. 
The Group also has a continuous dialogue with all stakeholders and is involved in a wide range of 
community engagement initiatives and charitable activities. This is supervised and directed by the 
Board of Directors. Stakeholders' involvement activities comprise maintaining strong relationships 
and an active dialogue with tenants, employees, investors, local communities, governments and 
local authorities and participating in industry-level working groups such as the Czech Green 
Building Council. 
In the beginning of 2021, the Group adopted the two following policies: 
 
Diversity and Non-Discrimination 
The Group is committed to creating an environment of respect for and appreciation of individual 
differences that is free from direct or indirect discrimination, harassment, retaliation and/or sexual 
assault. The Group rejects any form of discrimination and harassment based on sex, sexual 
orientation, race, gender or gender identity or expression, colour, creed, religion, age, national 
origin, ethnicity, disability, ancestry, veteran or military status, pregnancy, genetic information,

--- Page 262 ---
251 
 
 
marital status, citizenship status, philosophical, religious or political beliefs, wealth, social 
background, state of health, and any other characteristic protected by law. Any such discrimination 
is not tolerated.  
 
Political Involvement, Lobbying and Public Policy 
The Group holds political neutrality and does not support any political groups, parties or activities 
through donations or otherwise, even if permitted by applicable laws. The Group also respects 
representatives’ freedom of political participation and encourage its Representatives to become 
involved in civic affairs and to participate in the political process. This way, the Group can practice 
good citizenship and make meaningful contributions to its communities. However, any political 
activity on the Representative’s own behalf must occur strictly in an individual and private capacity, 
not on behalf of the Group, strictly in the Representative’s own time and may not be detrimental to 
the reputation of the Group. 
Risk Management 
Management considers that the main risks to which the Group is exposed relate to property and finance. 
The Group's overall approach to risk is conservative. There are inherent risks determined by the nature 
of the business, such as fluctuations in the value of assets, vacancies, volatility in market rents or risks 
associated with development activities. Key risks are assessed by ranking exposure on the basis of 
probability and magnitude and are closely managed. Analysis of sensitivity to these key risks is 
conducted at Group level.  
Management considers re-financing risks to be limited. Risks of potential breaches of loan covenants 
are managed through a conservative financing policy and a close review of compliance indicators. 
The Group has internal risk management and control systems. Key elements of the internal control 
systems are: a management structure designed to enable effective decision making; scheduled periodical 
reviews of key performance indicators, such as retail tenants' turnovers, vacancies, rent collection, 
arrears and doubtful debtors, and review of performance against budgets; and internal audit and cost 
control functions. Strict procedures are also observed for the periodic production of quarterly and annual 
figures on the basis of the adopted policies. There are clearly defined guidelines and approval limits for 
capital and operating expenditure and other key business transactions and decisions. The internal 
management reporting system is designed to identify fluctuations in the value of investments, income 
and expenses. Capital projects, major contracts and business property acquisitions are reviewed in detail 
and approved by the Board of Directors where appropriate.  
The Group makes use of electronic data processing within automated information systems. Offsite data 
back-up and recovery measures are in place. 
Note 7 to the 2021 Financial Statements contains a further discussion of financial risk management. 
The 2018 Financial Statements are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
Litigation 
Other than as described below, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 
months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
Kingstown dispute in Luxembourg  
On 20 January 2015, the Issuer was served with a summons containing petition of the three companies

--- Page 263 ---
252 
 
 
namely Kingston Partners Master Ltd. of the Cayman Islands, Kingston Partners II, LP of Delaware 
and Ktown LP of Delaware (together referred to as Kingstown), claiming to be one of the shareholders 
of CPI FIM SA. filed with the Tribunal d'Arrondissement de Luxembourg (the Court).  The petition 
seeks condemnation of the Issuer together with CPI FIM SA and certain members of CPI FIM SA's 
board of directors as jointly and severally liable to pay damages in the amount of EUR 14.5 million and 
compensation for moral damage in the amount of EUR 5 million.  According to Kingstown's allegation, 
the claimed damage has arisen as a consequence of, inter alia, alleged violation of CPI FIM SA's 
minority shareholders' rights.   
To the best of the Issuer's knowledge, Kingstown was not at the relevant time a shareholder of the 
Issuer.  Therefore, and without any assumption regarding the possible violation, the Issuer believes that 
it cannot be held liable for the violation of the rights of the shareholders of another entity. 
The Management of the Issuer has been taking all available legal actions to oppose these allegations in 
order to protect its corporate interest as well as the interest of its shareholders.  Accordingly, the parties 
sued by Kingstown raised the exceptio judicatum solvi plea, which consists in requiring the entity which 
initiated the proceedings and which does not reside in the European Union or in a State which is not a 
Member State of the Council of Europe, to pay a legal deposit to cover the legal costs and compensation 
procedure. On 19 February 2016, the Court rendered a judgment, whereby each claimant had to place 
a legal deposit in the total amount of EUR 90,000 with the "Caisse de Consignation" in Luxembourg, 
in order to continue the proceedings.  Kingstown paid the deposit in January 2017, and the litigation, 
currently being in a procedural stage, is pending. In October 2018, Kingstown's legal advisers filed an 
additional submission to increase the amount of alleged damages to EUR 157 million.  The Issuer 
continues to believe the claim is without merit. 
On 21 June 2019, the Issuer received a first instance judgment which declared that a claim originally 
filed by Kingstown in 2015 was null and void against the Issuer. The Court dismissed the claim against 
the Issuer because the claim was not clearly pleaded (libellé obscur). Specifically, Kingstown did not 
substantiate or explain the basis of their claim against the Issuer, and failed to demonstrate how the 
Issuer committed any fault.  
In December 2020, the Court declared that the inadmissibility of the claim against the Issuer and certain 
other defendants has not resulted in the inadmissibility of the litigation against the Issuer‘s subsidiary 
CPI FIM SA and the remaining defendants. CPI FIM SA and the remaining defendants are scheduled 
to present their written submissions during the first half of 2021. Some defendants have decided to 
appeal against this judgment which declared the claim admissible against CPI FIM SA. A judgment on 
the appeal is not expected to occur before the second quarter of 2022.  
Kingstown Dispute in the United States  
On 10 April 2019, a group of Kingstown companies, Investhold LTD and Verali Limited (together, the 
Kingstown Plaintiffs), filed a claim in the United States District Court of the Southern District of New 
York (the SDNY Court) against, amongst others, the Issuer and Mr. Radovan Vítek (together, the CPI 
Defendants).  The claims brought by the Kingstown Plaintiffs against the Issuer include alleged 
violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organisations Act (RICO). 
The Issuer believes that the claims are without merit and were designed to create negative press attention 
for the Group and to force an undue settlement.  The Group's business has been totally unaffected by 
the New York lawsuit and by similar attempts by the Kingstown Plaintiffs to harm the reputation of the 
Group and Mr Vítek.  
On 10 September 2019, the CPI Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the case in the SDNY Court.  On

--- Page 264 ---
253 
 
 
22 November 2019, the Kingstown Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint in the SDNY Court.  The 
amended complaint adds new non-US defendants and simply continues the false campaign against the 
Issuer and Mr Vítek.  The amended complaint does nothing to cure the serious jurisdictional deficiencies 
and pleading defects present in the original complaint. 
On 14 February 2020, the CPI Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint.  The 
arguments presented in the motion resemble those presented by the CPI Defendants in September 2019 
and are further refined given the new allegations: 
(i) 
the Kingstown Plaintiffs have failed to justify the application of RICO outside the United 
States; 
(ii) 
the SDNY Court lacks jurisdiction over the CPI Defendants; 
(iii) 
the Kingstown Plaintiffs' alleged RICO claims are time-barred under RICO's four-year statute 
of limitations; 
(iv) 
the SDNY Court is an improper forum to hear the case given that, among other things, 
Kingstown initiated nearly identical proceedings in Luxembourg in January 2015, which are 
still pending against some of the CPI Defendants; and  
(v) 
the Kingstown Plaintiffs have nonetheless failed to adequately state any claim against the CPI 
Defendants. 
On 4 September 2020, the SDNY Court granted the CPI Defendants' motions to dismiss. The SDNY 
Court ruled that the case should be deferred pending the resolution of existing proceedings in 
Luxembourg. The SDNY Court also determined that Luxembourg would be a more convenient forum 
for litigation, and that Luxembourg’s legal system was sufficiently adequate to allow for the resolution 
of Kingstown Plaintiffs’ claims.  
The Kingstown Plaintiffs appealed the dismissal decision to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals on 2 
October 2020. The Kingstown Plaintiffs’ appeal was limited to identifying certain purported errors that 
the District Court made in reaching its decision and the Kingstown Plaintiff's could not introduce new 
facts or arguments that were not previously raised before the District Court.  
The hearing on the appeal took place on 10 December 2021 and the decision on the appeal is expected 
within several months. The Group believes that its position on appeal is strong given the high level of 
deference that the Second Circuit must give the District Court's decision by law.  
On 3 June 2020, Kingstown filed another lawsuit against the Group and Mr. Radovan Vitek in the New 
York State court, alleging that they were defamed through the Group's press releases issued in April 
2019, and other statements in relation to Kingstown’s first U.S. lawsuit (the Defamation Compliant).  
On 18 September 2020, the Group moved to dismiss the Defamation Complaint, arguing that it was not 
subject to personal jurisdiction in New York, and that the alleged defamatory statements were not 
actionable under New York law.  
On 6 April 2021, the New York State court dismissed the Defamation Complaint in its entirety. On 6 
May 2021, Kingstown appealed the dismissal. The oral argument on the appeal took place on 14 April 
2022. The appeal was dismissed on 5 May 2022.  
The Company did not account for any provisions in respect of any of the Kingstown disputes. 
Disputes related to warrants issued by CPI FIM SA  
The Group's subsidiary CPI FIM SA was sued by holders of the warrants issued by CPI FIM SA and

--- Page 265 ---
254 
 
 
registered under ISIN code XS0290764728 (the 2014 Warrants). The first group of warrant holders 
sued for approximately EUR 1.2 million in relation to the Change of Control Notice published by CPI 
FIM SA, which occurred on 8 June 2016. The second group of warrant holders sued CPI FIM SA for 
approximately EUR 1 million in relation to the alleged change of control which allegedly occurred in 
2013. These proceedings are pending.  
In accordance with the judgment of the Paris Commercial Court pronounced on 26 October 2015 
concerning the termination of the CPI FIM SA's Safeguard Plan, liabilities that were admitted to the 
Safeguard, but that are conditional or uncalled (such as uncalled bank guarantees, conditional claims of 
the holders of 2014 Warrants registered under ISIN code XS0290764728, provided that they were 
admitted to the Safeguard plan), will be paid according to their contractual terms. Pre-Safeguard 
liabilities that were not admitted to the CPI FIM SA's Safeguard will be unenforceable. As such, only 
claims of holders of the 2014 Warrants, whose potential claims were admitted to the CPI FIM SA's 
Safeguard Plan, could be considered in respect of the present Change of Control. Claims of holders of 
the 2014 Warrants that were not admitted to the CPI FIM Safeguard will be unenforceable against CPI 
FIM SA. To the best of the Group's knowledge, none of the holders of the 2014 Warrants who sued CPI 
FIM SA filed their 2014 Warrants related claims in the CPI FIM SA's Safeguard Plan.  
Vitericon  
On 15 March 2019, the Issuer received a summons from the Berlin Court. The Issuer is being sued by 
an insolvency administrator of the Issuer's former subsidiary. The insolvency administrator is claiming 
invalidity of an intragroup debt settlement from 2013 and claims a payment of EUR 10.4 million from 
the Issuer. The first instance court has rejected the lawsuit and ruled in favour of the Issuer. The plaintiff 
has filed an appeal of the decision. The exchange of written briefs regarding the appeal is ongoing and 
a court hearing has not yet been set.  
Next RE (formerly Nova Re)  
On 30 October 2020, Sorgente Group Italia S.r.l. (SGI) notified to Next RE (formerly Nova RE) a writ 
of summons (the Proceeding), whereby SGI challenged and asked the Court of Rome to declare, among 
others, the invalidity of the resolution approving the capital increase, adopted by Next RE (formerly 
Nova RE)’s board of directors on 29 October 2020 (the Capital Increase Resolution) for alleged 
infringement of certain rules regulating the share capital. In light of the impossibility to obtain the 
declaration of invalidity of the Capital Increase Resolution, it is likely that SGI might "convert" its 
original claims of invalidity of the Capital Increase Resolution into a claim for damages against Next 
RE (formerly Nova RE). At the first hearing held on 9 March 2021 the judge granted the parties terms 
for the filing defence briefs and the Proceeding has been postponed to the hearing of 12 October 2021 
to assess the admissibility and relevance of the requests formulated by the parties with the defensive 
briefs. At the last hearing held on 12 October 2021 the judge, having seen the request of both parties, 
adjourned the case to the hearing for the clarification of the conclusions, set for 20 September 2022. 
CPI Tor di Valle and the Municipality of Rome 
On 8 July 2021, CPI TOR DI VALLE S.p.A., an indirectly held and fully consolidated subsidiary of 
the Issuer, (CPI Tor di Valle) purchased an urban area (the Area) from Eurnova S.p.A. (Eurnova) to 
be developed as the new stadium of the Italian football club, AS Roma in Rome, Italy as well as a 
business park, in accordance with the Council of the Municipality of Rome town planning public 
procedures.  
Following the statement of AS Roma that it was no longer interested in the stadium on the Tor di Valle 
area, on 21 July 2021, the Council of the Municipality of Rome revoked the status of public interest to

--- Page 266 ---
255 
 
 
the stadium project on the Tor di Valle area (the Revocation Resolution) and terminated the town 
planning public procedure and therefore prevented the development project from progressing. 
On 27 October 2021, CPI Tor di Valle filed a claim against the Municipality of Rome before the 
competent administrative court. In such claim, CPI Tor di Valle asked the court to: (i) declare the 
annulment of the Revocation Resolution; and (ii) determine the right of CPI Tor di Valle to be 
compensated for damages in connection with the Revocation Resolution (in terms of emerging damages 
and loss of profit in a range between EUR 235 million and EUR 260 million).  
According to CPI Tor di Valle's external legal advisors, CPI Tor di Valle's claim is founded since the 
Revocation Resolution breached the legitimate expectations of CPI Tor di Valle. 
On 20 December 2021, the Municipality of Rome challenged the claim filed by CPI Tor di Valle and 
in addition filed a counterclaim for damages against Eurnova, AS Roma and CPI Tor di Valle, jointly 
and severally, or, subordinately on a pro rata basis, and claimed that the amount of damages suffered 
by it were EUR 311 million (such damages claims included damage to image, damage for waste of 
administrative activity and damages arising from failure of carrying out public works connected with 
the development project). 
According to CPI Tor di Valle's external legal advisors, the legal claim filed by the Municipality of 
Rome against CPI Tor di Valle: (i) did not identify any conduct legally attributable to CPI Tor di Valle, 
in connection with the claimed damages by the Municipality of Rome; (ii) did not consider that possible 
damaging events (if any) occurred before the acquisition of the Area from CPI Tor di Valle; and (iii) 
did not consider that CPI Tor di Valle never assumed the formal status of proponent (and therefore did 
not manage the town planning public procedure). 
Therefore, according to CPI Tor di Valle's external legal advisors, the action filed by the Municipality 
of Rome is groundless against CPI Tor di Valle. 
Capital and Development Expenditures  
The Group has capital commitments in the total amount of EUR 42.8 million in respect of capital 
expenditures contracted as at 31 December 2021, a decrease from EUR 52.4 million as at 31 December 
2020.  
Insurance 
The Group insures all of its income-producing properties with all-risk property insurance at 
reinstatement cost, business interruption (revenues for 24 months) and third party liability insurance. 
Properties under development have construction all-risk insurance. Insurance is contracted from 
reputable international firms such as Kooperativa and HDI Global SE. 
Employees 
The Group had 3,485 full-time employees (including temporary contracts) as at 31 December 2021, 
compared to 3,318 employees as of 31 December 2020 and 4,353 employees as of 31 December 2019. 
All these employees are engaged in the core business activities of the Group.  
As at 31 December 2021, 52 per cent. of the Group's full-time employees (including temporary 
contracts) were female and 48 per cent. were male. The gender split between employees in senior 
management roles (defined as employees with responsibility for planning, directing or controlling 
activities in each of the Group’s countries of operation) is split 58.1 per cent. male and 41.9 per cent. 
female. As at 31 December 2021, 32.2 per cent. of the Group's employees were under the age of 30, 
47.3 per cent. were between the ages of 30-50 and 20.5 per cent. were 50 or over.

--- Page 267 ---
256 
 
 
Additionally, the Group provides facilities for its special needs employees. As at 31 December 2021, 
the Group employed a total of 52 disabled people, representing 1.5 per cent. of its total workforce.

--- Page 268 ---
257 
 
 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS 
The following table sets forth the Issuer's consolidated capitalisation as of 31 December 2021. This 
table should be read in conjunction with "Use of Proceeds" and the 2021 Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference or referred to elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
 
As of ൭൫ December ൬൪൬൫  
 
(€ million)
Bonds issued ............................................................................................................................................. 
൭,൰൳൭.൱
Financials debts ........................................................................................................................................ 
൫,൫൰൮.൮
Deferred tax liabilities .............................................................................................................................. 
൫,൪൲൬.൮
Provisions ................................................................................................................................................. 
൲.൮
Other financial liabilities .......................................................................................................................... 
൲൱.൲
Total non-current liabilities ................................................................................................................... 
൰,൪൭൰.൱
Bonds issued ............................................................................................................................................. 
൮൫.൫
Financial debts .......................................................................................................................................... 
൬൭൭.൯
Trade payables .......................................................................................................................................... 
൫൫൰.൬
Income tax liabilities  ............................................................................................................................... 
൫൭.൬
Other financial liabilities .......................................................................................................................... 
൫൫൮.൭
Other non-financial liabilities ................................................................................................................... 
൭൭.൭
Liabilities linked to assets held for sale .................................................................................................... 
൲൰.൫
Total current liabilities ........................................................................................................................... 
൰൭൱.൱
Equity attributable to owners of the Company .......................................................................................... 
൯,൳൳൫.൲ 
Perpetual notes  ........................................................................................................................................ 
൫,൰൫൫.൰
Non-controlling interests .......................................................................................................................... 
൳൫.൬
Total equity ............................................................................................................................................. 
൱,൰൳൮.൰
Total capitalisation .................................................................................................................................
൫൮,൭൰൳.൪

--- Page 269 ---
258 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer's country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes.  
Luxembourg Taxation 
General  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws in force in Luxembourg 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
implications that might be relevant to an investment decision. It is included herein solely for preliminary 
information purposes. It has been prepared on the basis that the Notes qualify as debt for Luxembourg 
tax purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular 
circumstances, the effects of state, local or foreign laws to which they may be subject and as to their tax 
position. 
The residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, a 
reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu). Corporate 
investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies 
or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably 
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are 
generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, 
where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.  
Tax residency  
A holder of the Notes will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason 
only of the holding and/or disposing of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Notes. 
Luxembourg taxation consideration if the Notes are considered as debt for Luxembourg tax 
purposes 
Withholding tax  
Resident individual investors  
Under the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Law), payments of interest or 
similar income made by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of 
an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 
20 per cent. This withholding tax also applies on accrued or capitalised interest received upon disposal, 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if 
the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management or his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of tax in application of the Law is assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent within the meaning of the Law. 
Resident corporate investors

--- Page 270 ---
259 
 
 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax levied on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg resident corporate holder of the Notes  
Non-resident investors  
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) made to Luxembourg non-resident holders of the Notes. There 
is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, upon repayment of the principal or, subject to the application 
of Luxembourg tax law, upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes.  
Income tax 
Resident investors  
Any investor who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or who has a permanent establishment 
or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, is subject 
to Luxembourg income tax in respect of the interest paid or accrued on the Notes. Specific exemptions 
may be available for certain taxpayers benefiting from a specific tax regime. 
Resident individual investors 
A Luxembourg resident individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at the ordinary rates in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts under the Notes, except if (i) a final withholding tax has been levied by 
the Luxembourg paying agent on such payments in accordance with the Law, or (ii) in case of a non-
resident paying agent established in a Member State of the European Union or in a Member State of the 
EEA, if such Luxembourg resident individual investor has opted for the levy of the 20 per cent. final 
tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Law. The option for the 20 per cent. final tax 
must cover all interest payments made by such paying agents to the beneficial owner during the full 
fiscal year.  
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of Notes by 
a Luxembourg resident individual who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place at least six months 
after the acquisition of the Notes. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but 
unpaid interest income may be subject to the 20 per cent. final tax. 
Interest derived from as well as gains realised upon a sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes by a Luxembourg resident individual holder acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable are subject to Luxembourg 
income taxes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or 
redemption price and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Resident corporate investors  
Interest derived from as well as gains realised by a Luxembourg resident corporate entity, which is a 
resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes are 
subject to Luxembourg income taxes. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the 
sale, repurchase or redemption price and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or 
redeemed. 
Resident investors benefiting from a special tax regime  
Luxembourg residents who benefit from a special tax regime, such as, for example, (i) undertakings for 
collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (ii) specialised investment

--- Page 271 ---
260 
 
 
funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (iii) family wealth management companies 
governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, or (iv) reserved alternative investment funds treated as 
specialised investment funds for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the law of 23 July 2016 
are exempt from income taxes in Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Notes, as well as gains 
realised thereon, are not subject to Luxembourg income taxes.  
Non-resident investors 
Non-resident investors, who have neither a permanent establishment nor a permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax 
on interest received or accrued on the Notes. A gain realised by such non-resident investor, on the sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is further not subject to Luxembourg income tax.  
Non-resident corporate investors or non-resident individual investors acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, and who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received on the Notes and on any gains realised upon 
the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, on the Notes. Taxable gains are determined as being the 
difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price and the lower of the cost or book value of 
the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Net wealth tax 
Luxembourg resident investors or non-resident investors who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, are subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the investor is (i) a resident or non-resident 
individual taxpayer, (ii) an undertaking for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 
December 2010, (iii) a securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, 
(v) a specialised investment fund governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (vi) or a family 
wealth management company governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, (vii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, or (viii) a reserved alternative 
investment fund governed by the law of 23 July 2016. However, (i) a securitisation company governed 
by the amended law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, (ii) a company governed by the amended law 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, (iii) a professional pension institution governed by the 
amended law of 13 July 2005, and (iv) a reserved alternative investment fund treated as venture capital 
vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the law of 23 July 2016, remain subject to a 
minimum net wealth tax. In this respect, a flat annual minimum net wealth tax of EUR 4,815 would be 
due assuming the Luxembourg company's financial assets, transferable securities and cash deposits 
represent (i) at least 90 per cent. of its total balance sheet and (ii) a minimum amount of EUR 350,000 
(the Asset Test). Alternatively, should the Asset Test not be met, a progressive annual minimum net 
wealth tax ranging from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100 depending on the Luxembourg company's total gross 
assets would be due. 
Other taxes  
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes 
be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, repurchase or redemption of the Notes.  
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issuance of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer

--- Page 272 ---
261 
 
 
of the Notes.  
Under present Luxembourg tax law, where an individual holder of the Notes is a resident for inheritance 
tax purposes of Luxembourg at the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his or her taxable 
estate for inheritance tax purposes. On the contrary, no estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the 
transfer of the Notes upon death of an individual holder of the Notes in cases where the deceased was 
not a resident of Luxembourg at the time of his/her death. Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of 
the Notes, if the gift is recorded in a Luxembourg deed or otherwise registered in Luxembourg. 
Luxembourg taxation consideration if the Notes are considered as equity for Luxembourg tax 
purposes 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax laws currently in force, dividends paid by the Issuer are in principle subject to 
a Luxembourg withholding tax equal to 15 per cent. of the gross dividend (17.65 per cent. of the net 
dividend if the Issuer bears the cost of the withholding tax, which is not mandatory under Luxembourg 
tax laws). Responsibility for the withholding of the tax is assumed by the Issuer. 
However, if a double tax treaty between Luxembourg and the country of residence of the holders of 
Notes applies, an exemption or a reduction of the Luxembourg withholding tax may be available 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of such double tax treaty.  
In addition, pursuant to current Luxembourg tax laws, an exemption from Luxembourg dividend 
withholding tax may apply under the following conditions:  
 
the holder of Notes receiving the dividends is either (i) a fully taxable Luxembourg resident 
collective entity, (ii) a collective entity resident in a European Union (EU) Member State and 
falling within the scope of article 2 of the Council directive of 30 November 2011 (2011/96/EU) 
on the common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent companies and subsidiaries 
of different EU Member States, as amended (the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive), (iii) the 
Luxembourg State, a Luxembourg municipality, an association of a Luxembourg municipality 
or an operation of Luxembourg public-law entity, (iv) a permanent establishment of an entity 
referred to at letters (i),(ii) or (iii) above, (v) a Swiss resident joint-stock company subject to 
corporate income tax in Switzerland without benefiting from any exemption, (vi) a joint-stock 
company or a cooperative company resident in an European Economic Area (EEA) country 
(other than a EU Member State) to the extent that such company is fully taxable and subject (in 
its country of residence) to a tax corresponding to Luxembourg corporate income tax, as well 
as a permanent establishment of such company, or (vii) a collective entity resident in a treaty 
country, to the extent that such entity is fully taxable and subject (in its country of residence) 
to a tax corresponding to Luxembourg corporate income tax, as well as a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment of such entity; and 
 
on the date on which the income is made available, the holder of Notes holds or commits to 
hold directly (or even indirectly under certain conditions) for an uninterrupted period of at least 
twelve months, a participation of at least 10 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer (or with 
an acquisition price of at least EUR 1,200,000). 
Income taxation 
(i) Taxation of dividend income  
Holders of Notes who are either Luxembourg resident individuals or Luxembourg fully taxable resident 
companies (or foreign holders of Notes having a permanent establishment in Luxembourg through

--- Page 273 ---
262 
 
 
which such Notes are held), will in principle be subject to tax at the ordinary rates on the dividends 
received from the Issuer. However, under Luxembourg tax laws currently in force, 50 per cent. of the 
amount of such dividend may be tax exempt at the level of these holders of Notes.  
The Luxembourg withholding tax levied at source on the dividends paid may, under certain conditions, 
be credited against the Luxembourg income tax due on these dividends. 
Furthermore, certain corporate holders of Notes may benefit from an exemption of Luxembourg 
corporation taxes on dividend income under the following conditions:  
 
the holder of Notes receiving the dividends is either (i) a fully taxable Luxembourg resident 
collective entity, (ii) a Luxembourg permanent establishment of an EU resident collective entity 
falling within the scope of article 2 of the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, (iii) a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment of a joint-stock company that is resident in a State with which 
Luxembourg has concluded a double tax treaty, or (iv) a Luxembourg permanent establishment 
of a joint-stock company or of a cooperative company which is a resident of a EEA Member 
State (other than a EU Member State); and 
 
on the date on which the income is made available, the holder of Notes holds or commits to 
hold directly (or even indirectly through certain entities) for an uninterrupted period of at least 
twelve months, a participation of at least 10 per cent. in the share capital of the Issuer (or with 
an acquisition price of at least EUR 1,200,000). 
The holder of Notes which is a Luxembourg resident entity governed by the law of 17 December 2010 
on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, by the law of 11 May 2007 on the family estate management company, 
as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds and which does not 
fall under the special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof, is not subject to any Luxembourg 
corporation taxes in respect of dividends received from the Issuer. No tax credit is then available for 
Luxembourg withholding tax on dividends received from the Issuer. 
Non-resident holders of Notes (not having a permanent establishment in Luxembourg through which 
the Notes are held) will in principle not be subject to Luxembourg income tax on the dividends received 
from the Issuer (except for the withholding tax mentioned above, if applicable). 
(ii) Taxation of capital gains  
Under current Luxembourg tax laws, capital gains realised by a Luxembourg resident individual holder 
of Notes (acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth) upon the disposal of his/her 
Notes are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this disposal takes place more than six 
months after the Notes were acquired and he/she does not hold a substantial participation. The 
participation is considered as substantial (a Substantial Participation) if the holder of Notes (i) holds 
or has held (either solely or together with his/her spouse or partner and minor children) directly or 
indirectly more than 10 per cent. of the share capital of the Issuer at any time during a period of five 
years before the realisation of the capital gain or (ii) acquired his/her Notes for free during the five years 
preceding the disposal of his/her Notes and the previous holder of the Notes or, in the case of subsequent 
gratuitous transfers, one of the previous holders has held (either solely or together with his/her spouse 
or partner and minor children) directly or indirectly more than 10 per cent. of the share capital of the 
Issuer at any time during a period of five years before the realisation of the capital gain. 
Capital gains realised upon the disposal of Notes by a Luxembourg resident corporate holder of Notes

--- Page 274 ---
263 
 
 
(fully subject to Luxembourg corporation taxes) are in principle fully taxable. However, an exemption 
from Luxembourg corporation taxes applies under the following conditions:  
 
the holder of Notes realising the capital gains is either (i) a fully taxable Luxembourg resident 
collective entity, (ii) a Luxembourg permanent establishment of an EU resident collective entity 
falling within the scope of article 2 of the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, (iii) a Luxembourg 
permanent establishment of a joint-stock company that is resident in a State with which 
Luxembourg has concluded a double tax treaty, or (iv) a Luxembourg permanent establishment 
of a joint-stock company or of a cooperative company which is a resident of a EEA Member 
State (other than a EU Member State); and 
 
on the date on which the disposal takes place, the holder of Notes has held for an uninterrupted 
period of at least twelve months, a participation of at least 10 per cent. in the share capital of 
the Issuer (or with an acquisition price of at least EUR 6,000,000). 
The holder of Notes which is a Luxembourg resident entity governed by the law of 17 December 2010 
on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, by the law of 11 May 2007 on the family estate management company, 
as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds and which does not 
fall under the special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof, is not subject to any Luxembourg 
corporation taxes in respect of capital gains realised upon disposal of its Notes.  
Under Luxembourg tax laws currently in force (subject to the provisions of double taxation treaties), 
capital gains realised by a Luxembourg non resident holder of Notes (not acting via a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg through which/whom the Notes are held) 
are not taxable in Luxembourg unless the holder of Notes holds a Substantial Participation in the Issuer 
and (a) the disposal of the Notes takes place less than six months after the Notes were acquired or (b) 
the holder of Notes has been a former Luxembourg resident for more than fifteen years and has become 
a non-resident, at the time of transfer, less than five years ago. 
Net wealth taxation 
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it 
maintains a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg through 
which/whom such Notes are held, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the 
holder of Notes is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on the family estate management company, as 
amended, by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by 
the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, by the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds, or is a securitisation company governed by the law of 22 
March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 
on venture capital vehicles, as amended.1 
The holder of Notes which is (i) a Luxembourg resident fully taxable collective entity, (ii) a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment of an EU resident collective entity falling within the scope of 
article 2 of the EU Parent-Subsidiary Directive, (iii) a domestic permanent establishment of a joint-
stock company that is resident in a State with which Luxembourg has concluded a double tax treaty, or 
(iv) a domestic permanent establishment of a joint-stock company or of a cooperative company which 
is a resident of a EEA Member State (other than a EU Member State), may be exempt from Luxembourg 
                                                    
1 Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, capital companies 
governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law 
of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain conditions, be subject to 
minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 275 ---
264 
 
 
net wealth tax on its Notes if it holds a participation of at least 10 per cent. in the share capital of the 
Issuer (or with an acquisition price of at least EUR 1,200,000). 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on his/her Notes. 
Other taxes 
Under current Luxembourg tax laws, no registration tax or similar tax is in principle payable by the 
holder of Notes upon the acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes. However, a fixed registration 
duty of EUR 12 may be due in the case where the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to 
any other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the 
Notes on a voluntary basis. 
When the holder of Notes is a Luxembourg resident for inheritance tax assessment purposes at the time 
of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for Luxembourg inheritance tax 
assessment purposes. 
Luxembourg gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of the Notes if embodied in a notarial deed signed 
before a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined in FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the date on which financial regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not 
otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if 
additional Notes (as described under "Further Issues" in the relevant Terms and Conditions) that are 
not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, 
including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.   
A foreign financial institution resident in an IGA jurisdiction must comply with specific due diligence 
procedures to identify its account holders and provide the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (directly or 
indirectly through its local tax authority) with information on financial accounts held by U.S. persons 
and recalcitrant account holders.

--- Page 276 ---
265 
 
 
Consequently, holders of the Notes may be requested to provide certain information and certifications 
to any financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in Notes. 
Common Reporting Standards  
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has developed a common 
reporting standard (CRS) to achieve a comprehensive and multilateral automatic exchange of 
information on a global basis. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) signed the OECD's 
multilateral competent authority agreement (Agreement) to automatically exchange information under 
the CRS. 
The CRS requires certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts (which 
may include the Notes credited to such accounts) to their local tax authority and follow related due 
diligence procedures. A jurisdiction that has signed the Agreement may provide this information to 
other jurisdictions that have signed the Agreement. 
Consequently, Noteholders may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to any 
financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made. 
Noteholders should consult their professional advisers on the individual impact of CRS.  
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 277 ---
266 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Amended and Restated 
Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Programme Agreement) dated 18 May 2022 agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of 
them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters 
stated under "Form of the Notes" and in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the update and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. In addition, the Programme Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to 
subscribe for Notes may be subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) 
receipt of legal opinions from counsel. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The 
applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the

--- Page 278 ---
267 
 
 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Mediation Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision, the expression retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering

--- Page 279 ---
268 
 
 
of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian 
Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended 
to be 189 disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 280 ---
269 
 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) because the Notes have a minimum 
denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be 
admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This 
Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or 
will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 281 ---
270 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been 
duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 12 September 2017, 16 
April 2018, 27 March 2019, 22 May 2019, 30 March 2020, 4 May 2021 and 30 March 2022.  
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market, and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of the PSE, 
will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more Global Notes 
initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. The Issuer has 
requested the Central Bank of Ireland to provide the Czech National Bank, as competent authority of 
the Czech Republic, with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to which the Issuer may apply for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to trading on its regulated market. The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was 
granted on or about 18 May 2022.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and thereafter for as long as any 
Note remains outstanding, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection at https://cpipg.com/en/for-investors/bondholders#;    
(a) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(b) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final 
Terms to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  
The address of Centrální depozitář cenných papírů, a.s., is Rybná 14, Staré Město, 110 05 Prague 1.

--- Page 282 ---
271 
 
 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Group since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in "Description of the Issuer—Litigation", neither the Issuer nor any other member 
of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Independent Auditors 
The statutory independent auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young S.A., Luxembourg who have 
audited, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing as adopted by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) for Luxembourg, the Issuer's financial statements for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, without qualification. Ernst & 
Young S.A., Luxembourg is a member of the institute of registered auditors (Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises) which is the Luxembourg member of the International Federation of Accountants and is 
registered in the public register of approved audit firms held by the CSSF as competent authority for 
public oversight of approved statutory auditors and audit firms. Ernst & Young S.A., Luxembourg have 
also given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on pro-forma financial 
information in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
The statutory independent auditors of IMMOFINANZ are Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH, 
Renngasse 1/Freyung, A-1010 Vienna, Austria who have audited, in accordance with IFRS, 
IMMOFINANZ’s German language financial statements for the financial years ended on 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, without qualification. Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH, 
Renngasse 1/Freyung, A-1010 Vienna, Austria is a certified public accountant and member of the 
Austrian Chamber of Tax Advisors and Auditors (Kammer der Steuerberater und Wirtschaftsprüfer). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship

--- Page 283 ---
272 
 
 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Trustee's action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders 
in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, notwithstanding the 
provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it. Where the Trustee is unable to take 
any action, the Noteholders are permitted by the Conditions and the Trust Deed to take the relevant 
action directly. 
Listing agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under 
the Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Language of the Base Prospectus 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 284 ---
ISSUER
CPI Property Group 
40, Rue de la Vallée 
L-2661, Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 28660 Boadilla 
del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 Boulevard Royal | L-2449 
Luxembourg 
 
Bank of China Limited, London 
Branch 
1 Lothbury 
London EC2R 7DB 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Raiffeisen Bank International 
AG 
Am Stadtpark 9 
A- 1030 Vienna 
Austria 
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to  
English law 
Dentons UK and Middle East LLP 
One Fleet Place  
London EC4M 7WS 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to  
English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to  
Luxembourg law  
Dentons Luxembourg  
Atrium Vitrum Building 
33, rue du Puits Romain 
L-8070 Bertrange – Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to  
Luxembourg law  
Linklaters LLP 
35 Avenue John F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg

--- Page 285 ---
82898074.22 
 
TRUSTEE 
HSBC Corporate Trustee Company (UK) Limited 
8 Canada Square  
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom
 
REGISTRAR, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square  
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Ernst & Young S.A., Luxembourg 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg
 
To IMMOFINANZ 
Deloitte Audit Wirtschaftsprüfungs GmbH 
Renngasse 1/Freyung 
A-1010 Vienna  
Austria  
 
LISTING AGENT  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Arthur Cox 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2, 
Ireland