--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
(incorporated in France) 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS 
(incorporated in France) 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
(incorporated in Luxembourg) 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
Nature of this document 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation) and relates to a Structured Debt Instruments Issuance 
Programme (the Programme) under which securities of the type described below may be issued from time to 
time. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) in 
its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Securities. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of 
the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières). 
This Base Prospectus shall be in force for a period of one (1) year from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
(i.e. the Base Prospectus shall be valid until 10 May 2025). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus replaces and supersedes the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 10 May 2023. 
Defined terms 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus are defined in the section "Definitions Conditions" or in the 
particular section where the capitalised terms are first used herein. Definitions are designated by the capitalised 
term being in bold text. 
Issuers and the Guarantor 
Non-U.S. Securities (as defined below) issued under the Programme may be issued by any of Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank (Crédit Agricole CIB), Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions (Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS) and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Crédit Agricole CIB FL) (each, an Issuer 
and together, the Issuers). U.S. Securities (as defined below) issued under the Programme may be issued only by 
Crédit Agricole CIB. The payment of all amounts due in respect of Securities issued by an Issuer other than Crédit

--- Page 2 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
2 
 
Agricole CIB will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Crédit Agricole CIB (in such capacity, the 
Guarantor). 
This Base Prospectus contains information describing (i) the business activities of, (ii) certain financial information 
relating to and (iii) material risks faced by the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
The Securities 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of various types of notes (Notes) or certificates (Certificates and, 
together with the Notes, referred to generally as Securities), either on a fully paid or partly paid basis, including 
Securities that bear interest at a fixed rate, floating rate or rate linked to an underlying asset class or bear no interest. 
Securities may be redeemed at a fixed amount, including at par value, or at an amount linked to an underlying 
asset class, which may in some cases be zero. Securities may be redeemed on the scheduled redemption date, in 
instalments over the term of the Securities or on an early redemption date. The underlying asset classes (each, an 
Underlying Asset Class) to which interest and/or redemption amounts of Securities may be linked are: 
 
commodities; 
 
indices; 
 
FX rates; 
 
inflation indices; 
 
benchmark rates; 
 
exchange traded funds; 
 
shares; 
 
funds;  
 
futures;  
 
portfolios; or 
 
a formula or formulae (which may, in turn, be determined by reference to other types of assets, 
benchmarks or factors), 
or a basket and/or combination of the above. 
Specific provisions apply to Italian Securities and Italian Listed Securities (both as defined below), when specified 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Securities may be denominated in any currency. 
The amount payable (if any) as interest and/or on redemption in respect of a Security may be dependent upon 
whether certain events in respect of one or more reference entities or one or more reference obligations in respect 
of any such reference entities, as the case may be, occur (a Credit Linked Security). 
The amount payable (if any) as interest and/or on redemption in respect of a Security may be dependent upon 
whether certain events in respect of one or more issuers of bonds, or one or more bonds issued by such entities 
occur (a Bond Linked Security). 
The amount payable (if any) on redemption in respect of a Security may be linked to the performance of preference 
shares issued by the Preference Share Issuer, which are linked to the performance of an underlying asset class (a 
Preference Share Linked Security). 
Securities may also be secured by the relevant Issuer, or one of its affiliates, in favour of holders of the Securities 
by a segregated pool of collateral assets, which will be identified in the applicable Final Terms (Secured 
Securities).

--- Page 3 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
3 
 
Subject to restrictions arising as a matter of law, there is no general restriction on the category of potential investors 
to which Securities may be offered under this Programme. Depending on the terms of a particular Series of 
Securities, Securities may be offered to retail and/or institutional investors as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Securities and the Guarantee, as applicable, may be governed by English law, Irish law or French law as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. References in this Base Prospectus to English Law Securities, Irish Law 
Securities or French Law Securities are to Securities governed by English law, Securities governed by Irish law 
and Securities governed by French law, respectively. 
Listing and admission to trading 
An application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). The applicable Final Terms will specify whether 
or not the Securities are to admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may make an application for certain notes issued under the Programme (Italian Listed Notes) to be 
listed on Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and to be admitted to trading on the Electronic Bond and Government Securities 
Market (the MOT Market). The MOT Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Issuers 
may also make an application for certain certificates issued under the Programme (Italian Listed Certificates 
and, together with the Italian Listed Notes, Italian Listed Securities) to be admitted to trading on the Electronic 
Securitised Derivatives Market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX Market). The SeDeX Market is a multilateral 
trading facility for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Issuers may also elect not to make any application for certain Italian Securities to be listed or traded, as the 
case may be. In each case, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not Italian Securities are to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the MOT Market or to be admitted to trading on the SeDeX Market. If specified in the 
Final Terms, the Issuers may also issue Italian Securities which are being offered pursuant to an exemption from 
the Prospectus Regulation or which will be issued outside the European Economic Area. 
References to Italian Securities shall be to either Italian Certificates or Italian Notes, as applicable in the context 
of the relevant Series. 
The Issuers may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, make an application for certain Securities issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on EuroTLX managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. EuroTLX is a multilateral 
trading facility for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (operated by Deutsche Börse AG), 
if the listing conditions of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify 
whether or not the Securities are to be listed and admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market operated by Euronext Paris S.A. (Euronext Paris) if the listing conditions of Euronext 
Paris are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Securities are to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange) if the listing conditions 
of the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the 
Securities are to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB (Nasdaq Stockholm) if the listing conditions of 
Nasdaq Stockholm are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Securities are to be 
listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Stockholm.

--- Page 4 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
4 
 
The Issuers may make an application for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Oslo Stock Exchange (the Oslo Stock Exchange or Oslo Bors) if the listing conditions 
of the Oslo Stock Exchange are satisfied. The applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the Securities 
are to be listed and admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange. 
The Issuers may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, make an application for certain Securities issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin 
(Euronext Dublin) and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market, which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Reading this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each a 
Supplement and together the Supplements)), including the documents listed in the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" (which are documents that are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus but which are separately available upon request), is intended to provide 
prospective investors with information necessary to enable them to make an informed investment decision before 
purchasing any Securities. Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the registered office of Crédit Agricole CIB for the time being. This Base Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference hereto will also be published on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
(ii) 
Crédit 
Agricole 
CIB's 
website 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram). 
This Base Prospectus includes the terms and conditions that may apply to the Securities, which will be completed 
for each Series of Securities by a set of Final Terms (the Terms and Conditions). Further detail on Final Terms 
is set out below. As not all of the terms and conditions contained in this Base Prospectus may be relevant to a 
particular Series of Securities, this Base Prospectus contains a User's Guide at page 71 which is intended to help 
investors to navigate the terms and conditions which apply to a particular Series of Securities. 
In addition to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, this Base Prospectus includes other information such as 
information related to the Issuers, information about the material risks related to any investment in the Securities 
and information on selling and transfer restrictions. Investors should read this information in full before making 
any decision to invest in Securities. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
While the Base Prospectus includes general information about all Securities, the Final Terms is the document that 
sets out the specific applicable commercial details of each particular Series of Securities. 
In relation to a Series of Securities, the Final Terms will set out, for example and among other things: 
 
the issue date; 
 
the scheduled redemption date; 
 
the interest payment date(s) (if any); 
 
the basis on which interest (if any) and the amount payable on redemption will be determined 
and/or calculated; 
 
whether or not the Securities may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer or the investor; 
 
information relating to any relevant Underlying Asset Class; and 
 
any other information needed to complete the terms and conditions of the Securities of this Base 
Prospectus (identified by the words "as specified in the applicable Final Terms" or other 
equivalent wording). 
Wherever the Terms and Conditions contain optional provisions, the Final Terms will specify which of those 
provisions apply to a specific Series of Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
5 
 
Taxes 
The Securities will not have the benefit of a gross up provision in respect of withholding tax unless "Gross Up" is 
specifically provided as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Where a gross up does not apply, investors will 
take the risk of any applicable withholding tax. 
Save in the circumstances described above, none of the Issuers, nor the Guarantor nor any other person will be 
liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any tax, duty or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, 
transfer, exercise, redemption or enforcement of any Securities by any person. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch

--- Page 6 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
6 
 
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus (together with any Supplements thereto) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
Issuers, which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuers, the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuers.  
Offers of Securities (i) made other than pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, outside the European 
Economic Area, or of a type listed in Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and (ii) for which the 
Securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market pursuant to Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation 
or of a type listed in Article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation are referred to herein as Exempt Offers and such 
Securities as Exempt Securities. The information document prepared in the context of an Exempt Offer and 
addressed to potential investors shall not constitute and shall not be approved by the CSSF as a prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in relation 
to the Exempt Securities. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended 
(the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States and trading 
in the Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) under the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (CEA). The Non-U.S. Securities may not be offered, sold, 
pledged, or otherwise transferred at any time except in an "Offshore Transaction" (as such term as defined under 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S)) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee 
pursuant to Regulation S and only Permitted Transferees may maintain a position in the Non-U.S. Securities.  
No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the relevant Issuer under the CEA and 
the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the CFTC, and none of the Issuers have been nor will be registered 
under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under any other United States federal 
laws. The Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in the 
United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Securities. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Securities do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. 
The Issuers and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuers and the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplements hereto and all documents 
which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Subscription and 
Sale" below and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a 
Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Securities being (or 
intended to be) subscribed or purchased by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe or 
purchase such Securities. 
No Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by any Dealer as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the relevant Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in

--- Page 7 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
7 
 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities, should purchase any Securities. 
Each potential investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation 
of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
and of the terms of such Securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer to any 
person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. Persons into whose possession offering material comes must 
inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers and the Guarantor is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial conditions or affairs of the Issuers and the Guarantor during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Securities of any information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection with, an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the 
offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities 
may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or any Dealer, which is intended to permit a Non-exempt Offer of any Securities or distribution of 
this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in various jurisdictions, including, without limitation, the 
United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (including Austria, Hungary, Poland, Czech 
Republic, Croatia, Luxembourg, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Portugal, the Netherlands, 
Finland, Romania, Slovak Republic, Sweden and Spain) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Any person (an Investor) purchasing the Securities under the Programme is solely responsible for ensuring that 
any offer or resale of the Securities it purchased under the Programme occurs in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
The information on the websites or URLs to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may apply, 
any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State) will be

--- Page 8 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
8 
 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of 
Securities which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by final terms 
in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, 
or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State and 
(in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may 
apply, neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 3 August 2023, and which channels for distribution of the 
Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a 
Distributor as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Securities, but otherwise 
none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority’s policy statement entitled "Brexit, our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but 
otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA (an EEA Key Information 
Document) has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. If the Final Terms in respect of 
any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors Without KID", the Securities

--- Page 9 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
9 
 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, to any retail investor in the EEA without an updated EEA Key Information Document. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (as amended, the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK (a UK Key Information Document) has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors Without KID", the Securities are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, to any retail investor in the UK without an updated UK Key Information Document. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA.  
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE SFA) – In connection with 
Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 (the 
CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Securities, the Issuers 
have determined and hereby notify all persons (including all relevant persons (as defined in the Section 309(A)(1) 
of the SFA)), that the Securities are: "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" (as 
defined in the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018), and "Specified Investment Products" (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
All references in this document to "euro" and "€" refer to the lawful currency introduced at the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended, references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$", "USD" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to "Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to 
"Swedish Kronor" and "SEK" refer to the currency of Sweden, references to "Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" refer 
to the currency of Norway, references to "Japanese Yen", "JPY" and "¥" refer to the currency of Japan, references 
to "Hong Kong dollars" and "HK$" refer to the lawful currency for the time being of Hong Kong and references 
to "RMB", "CNY" or "Renminbi" refer to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, which for the 
purpose of this document, excludes the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China 
(the PRC). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
The Non-U.S. Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged, or otherwise transferred at any time except in an 
"Offshore Transaction" (as such term as defined under Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted 
Transferee pursuant to Regulation S and only Permitted Transferees may maintain a position in the Non-U.S. 
Securities. 
This Base Prospectus may be submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of QIBs 
(as defined under "Form of the Securities") for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of 
the purchase of the U.S. Securities being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not

--- Page 10 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
10 
 
authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents 
disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. For the avoidance of 
doubt, references herein to the Securities, including the U.S. Securities, include the Guarantee, where applicable. 
The Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Securities in 
bearer form may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR 
APPROVED BY, THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. 
NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR OF THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER UNDER THE CEA AND THE CFTC RULES, AND NONE OF THE ISSUERS HAVE 
BEEN NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 
1940, AS AMENDED, NOR UNDER ANY OTHER UNITED STATES FEDERAL LAWS. FURTHERMORE, 
THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in 
transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the Securities Act. Each purchaser of U.S. Securities 
is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any U.S. Securities to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 
144A). 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in 
the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Securities. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Securities do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of U.S. Securities represented by Rule 144A Global Securities or any Securities issued 
in definitive form in exchange or substitution for Rule 144A Global Securities (together Rule 144A Securities) 
will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Rule 144A Securities, to have made certain 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Securities as set out in 
"Subscription and Sale". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
in "Form of the Securities". 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of U.S. Securities that are 
"restricted securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, Crédit Agricole CIB has undertaken in a deed poll 
dated on or about 10 May 2024 (the Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Securities or any 
beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required 
to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, Crédit Agricole CIB 
is neither subject to and in compliance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the Exchange Act) nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
A copy of the information so furnished will be available, for Securities admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market, from the specified office in Luxembourg of the Luxembourg Listing Agent 
(as defined below). 
CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE 
THIS DESCRIPTION IS LIMITED TO THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX ISSUES DESCRIBED HEREIN OR IN ANY 
SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. IT IS POSSIBLE THAT ADDITIONAL ISSUES MAY EXIST

--- Page 11 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
11 
 
THAT COULD AFFECT THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX TREATMENT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES, OR THE MATTER THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE DESCRIPTION NOTED HEREIN OR IN 
ANY SUPPLEMENT TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, AND THIS DESCRIPTION DOES NOT CONSIDER 
OR PROVIDE ANY CONCLUSIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUCH ADDITIONAL ISSUES. 
TAXPAYERS SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES 
FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR IN ANY SUPPLEMENT TO THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS TO THE CONTRARY, EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR (AND EACH EMPLOYEE, 
REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER AGENT OF EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR) MAY DISCLOSE TO ANY 
AND ALL PERSONS, WITHOUT LIMITATION OF ANY KIND, THE TAX TREATMENT AND TAX 
STRUCTURE OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES AND ALL MATERIALS OF ANY KIND 
(INCLUDING OPINIONS OR OTHER TAX ANALYSES) THAT ARE PROVIDED TO THE PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR RELATING TO SUCH TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE, EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLOSURE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS REASONABLY NECESSARY TO 
COMPLY WITH SECURITIES LAWS. FOR THESE PURPOSES, THE TAX TREATMENT OF AN 
INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES MEANS THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL, STATE 
AND LOCAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. MOREOVER, 
THE TAX STRUCTURE OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES INCLUDES ANY FACT THAT MAY 
BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, AND 
LOCAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SECURITIES. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS are corporations organised under the laws of France. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL is a corporation organised under the laws of Luxembourg. All of the officers and 
directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the 
Issuers and the Guarantor and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a 
result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside France or Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, upon the Issuers, the Guarantor or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them 
obtained in courts outside France or Luxembourg, as the case may be, predicated upon civil liabilities of 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or such directors and officers under laws other than the laws of France or 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities 
laws. 
In an original action brought in France or Luxembourg predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws, 
French courts or Luxembourg courts may not have the requisite jurisdiction to adjudicate such action. Actions for 
enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts rendered against the French persons or Luxembourgish persons referred 
to in the preceding paragraph would require such French persons or Luxembourgish persons to waive their right 
under Article 15 of the French Code civil or Article 15 of the Luxembourg Code civil to be sued in France or 
Luxembourg only. Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FL respectively believe that no such French or 
Luxembourg persons have waived such right with respect to actions predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities 
laws. 
IMPORTANT NOTICE IN RELATION TO THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for information purposes of high net worth individuals and institutions. 
The Issuers represent and warrant that they have not made and will not make any invitation in or from the Kingdom 
of Bahrain and will not market or offer the Securities to any potential investor in the Kingdom of Bahrain. All 
marketing and offering are made and will be made outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The Central Bank of Bahrain (or any other Bahraini authority) has not reviewed, nor has it approved, this Base 
Prospectus or the marketing of the Securities and takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the statements and 
information contained herein, nor shall it have any liability to any person for any loss or damage resulting from 
reliance on any statements or information contained herein.

--- Page 12 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
12 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise 
determined by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (the 
EURIBOR Administrator). EURIBOR constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 
2016 and applied since 1 January 2018. The EURIBOR Administrator is included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the Register) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
In addition, amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or 
otherwise determined by reference to an index, a rate or a combination of indices or rates. Any such index or rate 
may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. If any such index or rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the Register pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Certain 
"benchmarks" may either (i) not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation or (ii) transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation may apply 
to certain other "benchmarks", which would otherwise be in scope, such that at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms, the administrator of the "benchmark" is not required to be included in the Register. The registration status 
of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the relevant administrator.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Securities at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Securities. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 13 ---
CONTENTS 
SECTION 
PAGE 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 14 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 16 
OUTSTANDING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS THAT GO BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................................... 64 
RETAIL CASCADES ......................................................................................................................... 66 
USER'S GUIDE ................................................................................................................................. 71 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................... 96 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES ........................................................................................................... 118 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................ 124 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ............................................................................. 295 
GENERAL CONDITIONS................................................................................................................. 296 
DEFINITIONS CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................... 370 
ANNEX 1 – ASSET CONDITIONS .................................................................................................... 405 
ANNEX 2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS .................................................................................... 602 
ANNEX 3 – BOND LINKED CONDITIONS........................................................................................ 669 
ANNEX 4 – ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY CONDITIONS .................................................................... 689 
ANNEX 5 – STANDARD PAYOFF CONDITIONS ............................................................................... 691 
ANNEX 6 – COMBINATION PAYOFF CONDITIONS ......................................................................... 751 
ANNEX 7 – PAYOFF FEATURE CONDITIONS ................................................................................. 812 
ANNEX 8 – EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER CONDITIONS ............................................................ 869 
ANNEX 9 – REDEMPTION METHOD CONDITIONS ......................................................................... 885 
ANNEX 10 – SECURED SECURITY CONDITIONS ............................................................................ 889 
ANNEX 11 – PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS.............................................................. 925 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................ 931 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB-ASSOCIATED INDICES ............................................... 933 
FORM OF ENGLISH GUARANTEE .................................................................................................. 934 
FORM OF IRISH GUARANTEE ........................................................................................................ 939 
FORM OF FRENCH GUARANTEE ................................................................................................... 944 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS ..................................................................................................... 947 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... 953 
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................... 961 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS .............................................................................................................. 965 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 966 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 993

--- Page 14 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
14 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section provides a general description of the Programme. 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Securities will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Definitions Conditions" or in the particular section where the 
capitalised terms are first used herein shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
 
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Guarantor 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Agricole 
Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Arranger 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, 
Transfer Agent and Exchange Agent 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
French Paying Agent and Fiscal Agent 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Hong Kong Paying Agent (where 
applicable) 
Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong branch, or any other entity 
appointed to perform the services of a Hong Kong paying agent for 
a particular Series of Securities. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
Securities that may be issued under the 
Programme 
The programme is a Structured Debt Instruments Issuance 
Programme under which any Issuer may from time to time issue 
Notes or Certificates, either on a fully paid or partly paid basis, 
which may be Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, 
Credit Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, Preference 
Share Linked Securities, Commodity Linked Securities, Index 
Linked Securities, Inflation Linked Securities, FX Linked 
Securities, Rate Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities, Share 
Linked Securities, Fund Linked Securities, Future Linked 
Securities, Portfolio Linked Securities, Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Securities, Alternative Currency Securities, CNY Securities, Dual 
Currency Securities, Zero Coupon Securities and Instalment 
Securities or any combination of the foregoing. Securities may be 
settled in cash or (if specified in the applicable Final Terms and in 
the case of Credit Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, ETF 
Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities and Secured Securities) 
by physical delivery.

--- Page 15 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
15 
 
Securities may not be settled by delivery of the Issuers' own equity 
securities or of the equity securities of any entity in the Issuers' 
group and cannot be converted or exchanged into shares or other 
equity securities within the meaning of Article 19 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.  
All Securities will be issued in accordance with and subject to all 
applicable laws and regulations and denominated in any currency, 
subject as set out herein. 
 
In each case, the applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer prior to the 
issue of the Securities and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities endorsed on, attached to, or 
incorporated by reference into, the Securities, as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Securities, 
as more fully described under "Form of the Securities" below. 
 
Securities may also be Secured Securities. Each Series of Secured 
Securities will be secured by the relevant Issuer or an affiliate 
thereof in favour of the relevant Securityholders in respect of a 
segregated pool of Collateral Assets. Where Collateral Monitoring 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
value of the Collateral Assets relative to the value of the relevant 
Secured Securities will be monitored and, if required under the 
applicable Terms and Conditions, the Collateral Assets in the pool 
will be adjusted accordingly. 
Non-exempt Offers of Securities 
Securities issued under this Programme may be offered in 
circumstances that do not fall within an exemption from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer).  
Exempt Securities (as defined above) may also be issued under this 
Programme, in circumstances that involve a Non-exempt Offer 
outside the European Economic Area or where offers of Securities 
are of a type listed in Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and are not admitted to trading on a regulated market 
under Article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation or of a type listed 
in Article 1(5). 
Currency 
Subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives, Securities may be issued in any currency agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant dealer at the time of 
issue. 
Governing Law 
The Securities are governed by English, Irish or French law, as 
applicable.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the risks inherent in investing in Securities issued under the Programme. 
Any investment in the Securities is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Securities, prospective 
investors should consider carefully the factors and risks associated with any investment in the Securities, the 
Issuers, and the Guarantor's business and the industry in which it operates, together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus including, in particular, the risk factors described below.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the following factors represent the principal inherent risks in 
investing in Securities issued under the Programme and may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of any of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Securities may occur for other reasons and neither the Issuers or the 
Guarantor represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Securities are exhaustive. In 
each category below the Issuers set out first the most material risk, in their assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. Prospective investors should consider carefully 
whether an investment in the Securities is suitable for them in the light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
Capitalised terms not defined in this section have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities. 
The Risk Factors are set out as follows: 
Page 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
17 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS OR CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL 
17 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE SECURITIES 
19 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL ISSUES REGARDING THE SECURITIES 
21 
5. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
29 
5.1. 
Risks related to the interest rate 
29 
5.2. 
Risks related to the redemption of the Securities 
31 
5.3. 
Risks relating to Alternative Currency Securities 
33 
5.4. 
Risks relating to CNY Securities 
33 
5.5. 
Risks related to Commodity Linked Securities 
34 
5.6. 
Risks related to Index Linked Securities 
35 
5.7. 
Risks related to FX Linked Securities 
35 
5.8. 
Risks related to Inflation Linked Securities 
36 
5.9. 
Risks related to Rate Linked Securities 
36 
5.10. 
Risks related to ETF Linked Securities 
37 
5.11. 
Risks related to Share Linked Securities 
38 
5.12. 
Risks related to Fund Linked Securities 
39

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
17 
 
5.13. 
Risks related to Future Linked Securities 
42 
5.14. 
Risks related to Portfolio Linked Securities 
43 
5.15. 
Risks related to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities 
44 
5.16. 
Risks related to Credit Linked Securities 
45 
5.17. 
Risks related to Bond Linked Securities 
48 
5.18. 
Risks related to Preference Share Linked Securities 
49 
5.19. 
Risks related to unfunded or highly leveraged Securities 
50 
5.20. 
Risks related to Payoff Features 
51 
5.21. 
Risks related to Secured Securities 
55 
5.22. 
Risks related to Green and Social Securities 
60 
5.23. 
Risks related to Partly Paid Securities 
62 
5.24. 
Risk related to sustainability 
62 
 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB  
Such factors are set out at pages 176 to 186 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FS OR CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FL 
(a) 
Credit risk on Crédit Agricole CIB 
The sole activity of Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL is to issue debt 
securities in order to raise cash to finance the activity of the Crédit Agricole CIB Group. Due to 
the structure of the transactions carried out, Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB 
FL are, in the context of their activities, mainly subject to a credit risk vis-à-vis Crédit Agricole 
CIB, their parent company. Crédit Agricole CIB unconditionally guarantees the immediate 
payment of all obligations and debts owed by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB 
FL in respect of the issues. In addition, the securities thus issued are underwritten by Crédit 
Agricole CIB and the funds collected by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
are systematically deposited with Crédit Agricole CIB in the form of either term loans or 
derivatives with an exchange of par value. Finally, derivatives such as swaps are systematically 
contracted by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL with Crédit Agricole CIB in 
order to economically hedge debt securities and loans. In this context, Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
and Crédit Agricole CIB FL do not bear, in the context of their activities, any liquidity and cash 
flow risk or net market risk. However, credit risk remains. This credit risk corresponds to the 
risk that Crédit Agricole CIB, which is the sole counterparty in the financial transactions of 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, does not meet its obligations under these 
transactions. The probability of this risk occurring is considered low by Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
and Crédit Agricole CIB FL. However, in the event this risk does occur, Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL would not be able to continue their operations. 
(b) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Group's Resolution Risk 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL could suffer losses if a resolution procedure 
were to be initiated or if the Group's financial situation were to deteriorate significantly.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
18 
 
The European banking crisis resolution framework has introduced a mechanism for the 
prevention and resolution of banking crises and has given the European resolution authorities, 
including the Single Resolution Board, very extensive powers to take any measure necessary for 
the resolution of all or part of a credit institution or the group to which it belongs. Such 
procedures are initiated when the Relevant Resolution Authority (as the case may be, the ACPR 
or the SRB) considers that: 
 
the failure of the institution or group to which it belongs is proven or foreseeable; 
 
there is no reasonable prospect that any other measure will prevent the default within a 
reasonable time; and 
 
a winding-up procedure would be inadequate to preserve financial stability. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority considers that the single entry point strategy is the most 
appropriate for the Crédit Agricole Group. Pursuant to this strategy, Crédit Agricole S.A., in its 
capacity as the central body and parent company of its subsidiaries, would be the single entry 
point in the event that the Crédit Agricole Group were to be wound up. Whenever the Group's 
failure is proven or foreseeable and there is no reasonable prospect that another measure would 
prevent such failure within a reasonable period of time and/or the Group's situation requires 
exceptional financial support from the public authorities, the Relevant Resolution Authority 
must, before initiating a resolution procedure or if recourse to it is necessary to preserve the 
Group's viability, reduce the nominal value of the equity instruments (i.e. equity securities such 
as shares, units, CCIs and CCAs, as well as additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital) issued 
by the institutions concerned or convert these equity instruments (excluding equity securities) 
into equity securities or other instruments, after reduction of reserves. 
If necessary, the Relevant Resolution Authority could go further and decide to implement the 
internal bail-in facility on the remaining equity instruments (i.e. decide on the total or partial 
depreciation of their nominal value or their conversion into equity securities or other 
instruments) as well as on eligible commitments issued by the institutions concerned from the 
most junior to the most senior level, excluding certain limited categories of liabilities, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions provided for by law and the applicable contractual 
provisions. 
In the event of implementation of a bank resolution procedure at the Crédit Agricole Group level, 
the guarantee provided by Crédit Agricole CIB to Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL could be subject to such an internal bail-in and no longer cover all or part of the 
commitments of Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL.  
The Relevant Resolution Authority may also implement other resolution measures, in particular: 
the total or partial sale of the business of a relevant institution to a third party or a bridge 
institution, the separation of the assets of that institution and the modification of the terms and 
conditions of the financial instruments issued by that institution (including the modification of 
their maturity, the amount of interest payable and/or a temporary suspension of any payment 
obligation under such instruments). 
(c) 
Risks related to dependence on Crédit Agricole CIB 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole CIB FL are dependent on their parent company, 
Crédit Agricole CIB, in the conduct of their business, in particular due to:  
(i) 
the structure of the transactions carried out by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL which requires: 
 
the guarantee of Crédit Agricole CIB;

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
19 
 
 
the subscription of securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL by Crédit Agricole CIB; 
 
the deposit of funds raised Crédit Agricole CIB; and 
 
and the coverage of market risks of Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL by Crédit Agricole CIB; and 
(ii) 
the strong financial exposure of Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole FL to 
Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Due to this strong dependence, Crédit Agricole CIB's risk factors contained in Crédit Agricole 
CIB's 2023 Universal Registration Document and incorporated by reference are relevant to 
understand the main risks and uncertainties facing Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL. 
(d) 
Risks related to ATAD Laws 
Crédit Agricole FL is liable to Luxembourg corporate income tax on its worldwide net profits. 
The Luxembourg laws of 21 December 2018 and of 20 December 2019 (collectively, the 
"ATAD Laws"), which respectively implement the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 
July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning 
of the internal market (commonly known as "ATAD") and Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 
29 May 2017 amending the latter directive as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries 
(commonly known as "ATAD 2"), introduced new tax measures into Luxembourg law, 
including among others a limitation as regards so-called "exceeding borrowing costs" and hybrid 
mismatch rules. Whilst certain exemptions and safe harbour provisions (for example, exceeding 
borrowing costs up to EUR 3 million will always remain deductible) exist in relation to the 
limitation of exceeding borrowing costs, these new rules may in certain situations result in the 
limitation or the denial of the deduction of payments to investors for Luxembourg tax purposes, 
which may adversely affect the income tax position of Crédit Agricole FL and as such affect 
generally its ability to make payments to the holders of Securities.  
In any case, clarifications as regards the ATAD Laws and their interpretation may be enacted 
after the date of this Base Prospectus, possibly with retroactive effect, and could alter the tax 
position of Crédit Agricole FL. In addition, Crédit Agricole FL may take positions with respect 
to certain tax issues resulting from the ATAD Laws which may depend on legal conclusions not 
yet resolved by the courts. Should any such positions be successfully challenged by the 
applicable tax authority, there could be a materially adverse effect on Crédit Agricole FL and its 
ability to make payments to the holders of Securities. 
3. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET OF THE SECURITIES 
(a) 
Market value of the Securities 
An application may be made for the Securities to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or any other regulated market or multilateral trading facility. The market value of 
the Securities will be affected by the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the value of the 
relevant Underlying(s) (which in turn will depend on the volatility of the relevant Underlying(s), 
or the dividend on the securities comprised in any Index that is an Underlying, market interest 
and yield rates and the time remaining to the redemption date) and, as the case may be, the 
financial condition and creditworthiness of any applicable Reference Entity or Bond Issuer. 
The value of the Securities and the relevant Underlying(s) or, as the case may be, the likelihood 
of a Credit Event or Bond Event occurring, depends on a number of interrelated factors, 
including economic, financial and political events in France, Luxembourg or elsewhere, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
20 
 
any other stock exchanges on which the Securities, the Underlying(s) or the securities comprised 
in any Index that is an Underlying are traded. The price at which a Securityholder will be able 
to sell the Securities prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the 
issue price or the purchase price paid by such Securityholder.  
The trading price of Securities may fall in value as rapidly as it may rise and Securityholders 
may sustain a total loss of their investment.  
Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Security is "out-of-the-money" and the 
shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that purchasers of such Securities will 
lose all or part of their investment. 
Accordingly, all or part of the capital invested by the Securityholder may be lost upon any 
transfer of the Security, so that the Securityholder in such case would receive significantly less 
than the total amount of capital invested. 
(b) 
The secondary market  
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If 
a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. This is particularly the case if the Securities 
are not listed or traded on any exchange market or trading venue (whether regulated or not) since 
pricing information for the Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of the 
Securities may be adversely affected. Therefore, Securityholders may not be able to sell their 
Securities easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Securities 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Although application may be made for the Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and/or any other regulated market or multilateral 
trading facility in the European Economic Area, a particular Tranche of Securities may not be 
so admitted and an active trading market may not develop. Accordingly, a trading market for 
any particular Tranche of Securities may not develop or may be illiquid. Illiquidity may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Securities. 
(c) 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer will pay nominal and interest (if applicable) on the Securities and the 
Guarantor will make any payments under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Securityholder's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Securityholder's Currency) other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Securityholder's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Securityholder's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Securityholder's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Securityholder's Currency-equivalent yield on the Securities, (2) the Securityholder's Currency-
equivalent value of amounts payable in respect of the Securities and (3) the Securityholder's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Securityholders 
may receive less interest (if applicable) or principal than expected. This may result in a

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
21 
 
significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of a Securityholder whose domestic 
currency is not the Specified Currency. 
4. 
RISKS RELATED TO LEGAL ISSUES REGARDING THE SECURITIES 
(a) 
The implementation in France of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could 
materially affect the Securities 
Directive 2014/59/EU provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive or BRRD), implemented in France by several legislative texts, to 
provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing relevant entity. 
If Crédit Agricole CIB is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and 
under the conditions set by BRRD, and the Relevant Resolution Authority applies any, or a 
combination, of the BRRD resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, 
asset separation or bail-in), any shortfall from the sale of Crédit Agricole CIB's assets may lead 
to a partial reduction in the outstanding amount of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that 
entity (including, as the case may be, the Securities), or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to 
zero. The unsecured debt claims of Crédit Agricole CIB (including, as the case may be, the 
Securities) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other 
instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction 
or cancellation being first on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the reduction, 
cancellation or conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments 
and other subordinated debts, then other eligible liabilities). The Relevant Resolution Authority 
may also seek to amend the terms (such as variation of the maturity) of any outstanding 
unsecured debt securities (including, as the case may be, the Securities).  
Public financial support to resolve Crédit Agricole CIB where there is a risk of failure will only 
be used as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including 
the bail-in tool, to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
Finally, the BRRD and the legal and regulatory texts relating to resolution procedures are 
evolving continuously and may be amended in the future, including in a way that could result in 
a less favourable treatment of the Securityholders in the context of a resolution procedure. For 
example, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission presented a package of legislative 
measures aimed at adapting and further strengthening the existing European Union framework 
for bank crisis management and deposit guarantees by amending the BRRD, Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund (as amended) and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (recast) (the European Commission’s Proposal). 
The legislative package is subject to further legislative procedures, but if implemented in its 
current form, senior preferred obligations (such as the Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB) 
will then have a lower rank in right of payment than all deposits of Crédit Agricole CIB, 
including deposits of large corporations and other deposits that are currently excluded from 
privileged deposits. As a result, there could be an increased risk that an investor in senior 
preferred obligations (such as the Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB) loses all or part of 
its investment.  
As a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Securityholders, the price or value of their investment

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
22 
 
in the Securities and/or the ability of Crédit Agricole CIB to satisfy its obligations under the 
Securities. 
(b) 
Insolvency laws 
Insolvency proceedings with respect to an Issuer may proceed under, and be governed by, 
Luxembourg or French insolvency laws, as applicable. The rights of Securityholders and the 
responsibilities of the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders under the aforementioned laws may 
be materially different from those with regard to equivalent instruments under the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which the Securities are offered. Additionally, the insolvency laws applicable to 
the relevant Issuer may not be as favourable to Securityholders as the insolvency laws of 
jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar. 
France 
Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS are each a société anonyme with their 
respective corporate seat in France. In the event that Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings (including conciliation proceedings (procédure 
de conciliation), safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) and judicial reorganisation or liquidation 
proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaire) affecting creditors will be 
generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the 
"centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of Crédit 
Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has 
been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021 (the 
Ordonnance). Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency 
laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency 
proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and 
therefore the Securityholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class 
formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in 
such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Securityholders will no longer deliberate on 
the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit 
from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Securityholders 
will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their 
dissenting vote may possibly be overridden (i) by a cross-class cram down inside their class if 
grouped with other creditors or (ii) by a cross-class cram down between classes. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the Ordonnance do not cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the 
application of French insolvency law to a credit institution as Crédit Agricole CIB is also subject 
to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening 
of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the 
ability of the Securityholders to recover their investments in the Securities. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the 
participating members, no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified 
by the court at the request of Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS, as the case may 
be, or the receiver with the consent of the relevant Issuer, and be imposed on dissenting classes 
through a cross-class cram down, under certain conditions.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
23 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the meetings of the Securityholders 
described in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus and the 
Agency Agreement will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with 
compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures that are described above, as they may be amended from time to time, could have 
an adverse impact on Securityholders seeking repayment in the event that Crédit Agricole CIB 
or Crédit Agricole CIB FS were to become insolvent. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS would have a material adverse effect on the market value of Securities issued by the 
relevant Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken by a class of affected parties, could 
negatively and significantly impact the Securityholders and cause them to lose all or part of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the 
relevant Issuer. 
Luxembourg 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL is incorporated and has its registered office in Luxembourg. 
Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB FL may proceed 
under, and be governed by, Luxembourg insolvency laws. 
The following is a brief description of certain aspects of Luxembourg insolvency laws under 
which the following types of proceedings (together referred to as "insolvency proceedings") may 
be opened against a Luxembourg company to the extent it has its registered office or center of 
main interest in Luxembourg. 
Bankruptcy (faillite): a Luxembourg company may be declared bankrupt provided that two 
conditions are fulfilled: (i) the company is in default of payment (i.e., it fails to pay its debts as 
they fall due) (cessation de paiement) and (ii) the company has a loss of creditworthiness 
(ébranlement de crédit). The opening of bankruptcy proceedings may be requested by: 
 
the company itself (aveu de faillite), in which case the company must declare 
bankruptcy within one month of ceasing to pay its debts which are due; 
 
any of the company's creditors (assignation en faillite) by serving a bankruptcy writ on 
the company to appear before the Commercial District Court; or 
 
the court on its own motion (faillite d'office) if the court obtains information from the 
public prosecutor's office, debtors or third parties indicating that the company has met 
the bankruptcy conditions. 
If a court finds that the aforementioned two conditions have been satisfied, it will open 
bankruptcy proceedings, resulting in the suspension of all individual measures of enforcement 
against the company, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
Reorganisation by amicable agreement (réorganisation par accord amiable): whereby the 
relevant Issuer and at least two of its creditors mutually agree to reorganise all or part of the 
assets or the business of the relevant Issuer which agreement can be validated (homologué) by 
the Commercial District Court upon request of the relevant Issuer.  
Judicial reorganisation procedure (réorganisation judiciaire): which may entail proceedings of 
the following types: 
 
a stay of proceedings (sursis) to enable an amicable settlement (accord amiable) within 
the reorganisation by amicable agreement;

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
24 
 
 
a restructuring plan by collective agreement or consent (réorganisation judiciaire par 
accord collectif), which shall be deemed to have been approved by the creditors entitled 
to vote if it receives, in each category of creditors, a favorable vote from a majority of 
the creditors within such category, representing at least half of the aggregate principal 
amount due in that category. Such plan, if approved by the court, is binding on all 
creditors. However, if rejected by such creditors, the court can still approve the plan 
and render it binding on dissenting creditors authorised to vote (cram-down) if (i) the 
plan has been approved by at least one category of creditors entitled to vote, (ii) it is 
approved by ordinary creditors only, then the plan must ensure that extraordinary 
creditors are treated more favorably than the ordinary creditors, and (iii) no category 
can receive or retain more than the total amount of its claims; or 
 
a transfer by judicial decision (réorganisation judiciaire par transfert par décision de 
justice), whereby all or part of the relevant Issuer’s assets or business will be transferred 
to one or more third parties, which can be initiated either by the relevant Issuer or by 
the state prosecutor. 
In addition to these proceedings, the ability of the holders of Securities to receive payment under 
the Securities may be affected by a court decision to grant a reprieve from payments (sursis de 
paiements) or to put the relevant Issuer into judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or by the 
decision of the state prosecutor to request administrative dissolution without liquidation 
proceedings (dissolution administrative sans liquidation) to be opened. Judicial liquidation 
proceedings may be opened at the public prosecutor's request against companies pursuing an 
activity in violation of criminal laws or in serious violation of the Luxembourg commercial code 
or of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies (as amended). Such 
liquidation proceedings will generally follow the same rules as those applicable to bankruptcy 
proceedings. 
The Issuer's liabilities in respect of the Securities will, in the event of a liquidation following 
bankruptcy or judicial liquidation proceedings, rank after the cost of liquidation (including any 
debt incurred for the purpose of such liquidation) and those of the Issuer's debts that are entitled 
to priority under Luxembourg law. Preferential claims under Luxembourg law include, among 
others: 
 
certain amounts owed to the Administration des Contributions Directes (Luxembourg 
Inland Revenue); 
 
value-added tax and other taxes and duties owed to the Administration de 
l'enregistrement, des domaines et de la TVA (Registration Duties, Estates and VAT 
Authority); 
 
social security contributions; and 
 
remuneration owed to employees. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above list is not exhaustive. 
Assets over which a security interest has been granted will, in principle, not be available for 
distribution to unsecured creditors (except after enforcement and to the extent a surplus is 
realized). 
During insolvency proceedings, all enforcement measures by unsecured creditors are suspended.  
After converting all of the company's available assets into cash and determining all of the 
company's liabilities, the bankruptcy receiver (curateur) will distribute the proceeds of the sale 
to the creditors according to their priority ranking, as set forth by law, after deducting the 
bankruptcy receiver's fees and the bankruptcy costs (frais de la masse).

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
25 
 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may also affect transactions entered into or payments made by the 
relevant Luxembourg company during the period before bankruptcy, the so-called "suspect 
period" (période suspecte) which is a maximum of six months (and ten days, depending on the 
transaction in question) preceding the judgment declaring bankruptcy, except that in certain 
specific situations the court may set the start of the suspect period at an earlier date. 
The procedures that are described above, as they may be amended from time to time, could have 
an adverse impact on Securityholders seeking repayment in the event that the relevant Issuer 
were to become insolvent. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the relevant Issuer would have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of Securities issued by the relevant Issuer. 
(c) 
Modification 
General Condition 15 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification and Waiver) and the Agency 
Agreement contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Securityholders including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the relevant majority. 
If a decision is adopted by a majority of Securityholders and such modifications were to impair 
or limit the rights of the Securityholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value 
of the Securities. 
The relevant Issuer may also modify the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (other than 
French Law Securities) without the consent of the Securityholders in any manner which the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may deem necessary or desirable provided that such 
modification (i) is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; (ii) is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or (iii) is made to (A) correct a manifest or proven error or 
omission, (B) to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities, (C) to comply with mandatory provisions of law or regulation or 
(D) to comply with any requirement of any stock exchange on which the Securities may be listed. 
As a result, Securityholders shall not be consulted on those modifications and shall not be able 
to oppose them through meetings. 
In the case of French Law Securities, only the Terms and Conditions of Securities which (i) have 
a denomination at least equal to EUR 100,000 or (ii) can only be traded in amounts of at least 
EUR 100,000 may be amended by the relevant Issuer without the consent of the holders of such 
French Law Securities to correct a manifest error. In other circumstances, the consent of a 
defined majority of holders is required to make amendments. The terms and conditions of the 
French Law Securities contain provisions for holders of French Law Securities to call and attend 
meetings to vote upon such matters or to pass a written resolution in the absence of such a 
meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, or passed in writing, can bind all holders of 
French Law Securities, including holders that did not attend or vote, or who do not consent to 
the amendments. 
(d) 
Unsecured obligations and absence of negative pledge 
Save in respect of Secured Securities (in respect of which, please see "Risks related to Secured 
Securities" below), in accordance with General Condition 2 (Status of the Securities and the 
Guarantee), each Series of Securities and the Guarantee each constitute general, unsecured, 
contractual obligations of the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor and of no 
other person. Any person who purchases such Securities is relying upon the creditworthiness of 
the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor and has no rights under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities against any other person. Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee 
will (with the exception of Secured Securities) be secured by any property of any Issuer or the

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
26 
 
Guarantor and all the Securities issued by an Issuer rank equally among themselves and, together 
with the Guarantee, with all other unsecured and unsubordinated (or with respect to Crédit 
Agricole CIB, senior preferred) obligations of that Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor.  
In addition to being unsecured, there is no negative pledge in respect of the Securities which 
means that an Issuer may pledge assets to secure other notes or debt instruments without granting 
an equivalent pledge or security interest and status to the Securities or granting such pledge or 
security interest to Securityholders. 
Securityholders should be aware of this differentiating component as compared to most senior 
bonds and that they will not benefit from protection that would secure the ranking of the 
Securities. 
(e) 
Absence of Gross up 
In accordance with General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up), the Securities will not have the benefit of 
a gross up provision in respect of withholding tax unless "Gross Up" is specifically provided as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Where a gross up does not apply, the relevant Issuer, 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the 
Securityholders. In this case, Securityholders may suffer a loss corresponding to such additional 
amounts.  
(f) 
Potential U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
The foreign account tax compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010 (FATCA) impose a withholding tax of 30 per cent. (FATCA Withholding) on 
certain U.S.-source payments (including Dividend Equivalent Payments, as defined in 
"Legislation affecting Dividend Equivalent Payments (Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code)" below), as well as certain payments by non-U.S. entities to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification or reporting requirements.  
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, 
nominal or other payments on the Securities, neither the relevant Issuer nor any Agent nor any 
other person, pursuant to the conditions of the Securities, would be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or nominal than expected.  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application with respect to "foreign passthru payments" 
is uncertain at this time. The application of FATCA to Securities that may be affected by FATCA 
may be addressed in any applicable drawdown prospectus or a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, as applicable. If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted 
or withheld from interest, nominal or other payments on the Securities, and if General Condition 
6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable to the Securities, the Securities may be, or in certain circumstances will be, redeemed 
early at their fair market value. If General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding) 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being not applicable to the Securities, the occurrence 
of a FATCA Withholding with respect to the Securities will not result in them being subject to 
early redemption. As mentioned above, in these circumstances neither the relevant Issuer nor 
any Agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
FATCA Withholding and investors may therefore receive less interest or nominal than expected. 
See also risk factors below "Securities subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer" 
and "Securities subject to automatic redemption" for more information on the risks linked to the 
redemption pursuant to General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding).

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
27 
 
(g) 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other regulatory 
changes affecting derivatives markets 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) provides 
for substantial changes to the regulation of the futures and over-the-counter (OTC) derivative 
markets. Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act added a provision to federal banking law to 
generally prohibit certain banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading or from 
acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in, or sponsoring or having certain relationships 
with, a hedge fund or private equity fund, subject to certain exemptions (such statutory 
provisions together with implementing regulations, the Volcker Rule). 
The Volcker Rule includes as a "covered fund" any entity that would be an investment company 
but for the exemptions provided by Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment 
Company Act, subject to certain exclusions found within the Volcker Rule. Therefore, any Issuer 
intending to rely on Section 3(c)(7) would be a covered fund unless an exclusion applies.  
No assurance can be made that any Issuer will qualify for any other exclusion or exemption that 
might be available under the Volcker Rule and its implementing regulations. If an Issuer were 
determined to be a covered fund, then covered banking entities and other entities subject to the 
Volcker Rule would be restricted from acquiring and retaining certain ownership interests in that 
Issuer. 
No party to the transaction has taken a view as to which investors may invest in the Securities. 
As such, investors should consult their own legal advisors in determining whether the Volcker 
Rule would prohibit or restrict them from acquiring an interest in the Securities, or would require 
them to subsequently divest such interest, both in connection with their purchase of Securities 
on the closing date. 
(h) 
Legislation affecting Dividend Equivalent Payments (Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code) 
In accordance with U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Section 871(m) Regulations), certain payments on certain 
Securities that are, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly contingent upon, or determined by 
reference to, the payment or deemed payment of a dividend (a Dividend Equivalent Payment) 
linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (such equities and indices, U.S. 
Underlying Equities) generally become subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax when 
made to non-U.S. holders as defined pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations (a Non-U.S. 
Holder). Specifically, the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Securities that 
replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities, either as Delta-
One products till 31 December 2024 or as products with a delta at least equal to 0.8 as from 1 
January 2025, as determined by the relevant Issuer generally on the date the expected delta of 
the product is determined by the relevant Issuer (such date being the Trade Date) based on tests 
set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations. For this purpose, a Delta-One product is 
a Security with a delta (generally the ratio of a change in the fair market value of the derivative 
security relative to a change in the fair market value of the U.S. Underlying Equity which the 
derivate security references) of one. 
If the 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid applies, it 
will reduce the payment received by Non-U.S. Holders. If a Non-U.S. Holder becomes subject 
to the 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax, the withholding tax may be reduced by an applicable 
tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the 
beneficial owner claims a credit or refund from the United States Internal Revenue Service in a 
timely manner, but the relevant Issuer makes no assessment as to whether any such tax credits 
will be available to Non-U.S. Holders.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
28 
 
Potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to an investment in the Securities might 
adversely affect Securityholders. 
(i) 
Securities where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Securities, which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination, plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that such Securities may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a Securityholder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive 
Security in respect of such holding (should Definitive Securities be printed) and would need to 
purchase a nominal amount of Securities such that it is holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. 
If Definitive Securities are issued, Securityholders should be aware that Definitive Securities, 
which have a denomination, that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. As a result, Securityholders shall in turn be 
adversely impacted. 
(j) 
Currency Unavailability Risk 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is unable to make payments in the Specified 
Currency (or it becomes impracticable for it to do so) due to circumstances beyond its reasonable 
control including, without limitation, any (1) sanctions or exchange controls imposed by any 
relevant governmental authority or (2) restrictions or controls applicable to the Issuer, any Agent, 
the Principal Paying Agent or Hong Kong Paying Agent (as applicable), a relevant clearing 
system, or any of their account banks that would prevent transfers in the Specified Currency 
from the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) to the Securityholder(s), the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the Securityholder(s) by 
making payment in the Substitution Currency (as defined in the Definitions Conditions). Any 
reference to the "Specified Currency" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitution 
Currency with respect that particular affected payment. This may adversely affect the value of 
the Securities and the Securityholder(s) may lose some or all of their invested capital. 
(k) 
Compounding of Risk 
Risks relating to the Securities may be correlated or compounded and such correlation and/or 
compounding may result in increased volatility in the value of the Securities and/or in increased 
losses for Securityholder(s). 
For example, Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022 has created market volatility which could 
impact the liquidity of the market for the Securities or the Underlying Assets. Separately, if for 
example the Specified Currency in respect of the Securities is Russian Ruble, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as applicable) may be unable to make payments in the Specified Currency (due to 
restrictions on such payments imposed following Russia's invasion of Ukraine) and may instead 
make such payments in a Substitution Currency (see the risk factor entitled "Currency 
Unavailability Risk" above). In this example, these two risks are correlated (since they relate to 
the same event) and could compound each other resulting in increased volatility in the value of 
the Securities and/or in increased losses for Securityholder(s).

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
29 
 
5. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
5.1. 
Risks related to the interest rate 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Securities 
General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) allows for Fixed Rate Securities to be 
issued. Investment in Securities which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Securities is fixed during 
the term of such Securities, the current interest rate on the capital markets (market interest rate) 
typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the 
Fixed Rate Securities would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate 
increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Securities would typically fall, until the yield of 
such Securities is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, 
the market value of the Securities would typically increase, until the yield of such Securities is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may 
vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Securities if a 
Securityholder were to dispose of such Securities.  
(b) 
Floating Rate Securities 
General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) allows for Floating Rate Securities 
to be issued. A key difference between Floating Rate Securities and Fixed Rate Securities is that 
interest income on Floating Rate Securities cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Securities at the 
time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, Securityholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate 
Securities may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate 
Securities (and vice versa). 
The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous 
Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Floating Rate Securities 
and result in a reduced market value of the Securities if a Securityholder were to dispose of such 
Securities.  
(c) 
Risks relating to Securities linked to a "benchmark" rate, index or price source  
The Rate of Interest in respect of certain Securities may be determined by reference to a Relevant 
Benchmark that constitutes a "benchmark" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. For example, 
there are proposals to reform the Benchmarks Regulation (and significantly narrow the range of 
benchmarks to which it applies), but these changes are not agreed in form and not expected to 
apply until 2026. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Securities linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Notwithstanding the provisions

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
30 
 
of General Condition 15.3 (Benchmark Trigger Event) and of the Asset Linked Conditions which 
seek to offset any adverse effects for the Securityholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular in any 
of the following circumstances: 
 
an index which is a "benchmark" is restricted from being used in certain ways by a 
supervised entity if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if 
based in a non-EU jurisdiction, as applicable, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark" and 
as a consequence, Securityholders could lose part of their investment. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Securities linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Securities 
which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Securities (see General Condition 15.3 
(Benchmark Trigger Event) and the Asset Linked Conditions). Any of these measures could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Securities linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). The Amending 
Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks 
on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments. In addition, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023 
extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 
2025. These developments could raise incertainty regarding any future regulatory or legislative 
requirement based on the implementing regulations. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Securities are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted 
securities  
General Condition 4.4 (Interest on Zero Coupon Securities) allows for Zero Coupon Securities 
to be issued. The prices at which Zero Coupon Securities trade in the secondary market tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If 
market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Securities can suffer higher price losses than other 
securities having the same maturity. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero 
Coupon Securities could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
31 
 
other instruments such as Fixed Rate Securities or Floating Rate Securities. Any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Securities. 
(e) 
Risks related to negative interest 
In accordance with General Condition 4.11 (Negative Interest), in certain circumstances, 
specifically provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount, Instalment 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, may be reduced by 
applying a negative amount (or rate) thereto, it being specified that in no event the Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, shall be less than zero. As a result, Securityholders may lose all or part of the capital 
invested. 
5.2. 
Risks related to the redemption of the Securities 
(a) 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
In accordance with General Conditions 3.2 (Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event), 
4.2(e) (FRS Additional Disruption Events), 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.5 (Redemption 
for FATCA Withholding), 6.6 (Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales), 6.7 (Clean-up 
Call Option) and 19 (Illegality and Force Majeure), the Final Terms for a particular issue of 
Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event, a FRS Additional Disruption Events, for taxation 
reasons, FATCA Withholding, Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales, in case of the 
clean-up call option and illegality and force majeure. The Issuers may redeem such Securities at 
an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security. 
If the relevant Issuer exercises its right to redeem any Securities, this may limit the market value 
of the Securities concerned. During any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem 
Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed and a Securityholder may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. This may also be 
true prior to any redemption period, or during any period where there is an actual or perceived 
increased likelihood that the Securities may be redeemed (including where there are 
circumstances giving rise to a right to redeem for tax or regulatory reasons). 
As a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower 
than expected, and the redemption amount of the Securities may be lower than the purchase price 
for the Securities paid by the Securityholder. The Securityholder may thus not receive the total 
amount of the capital invested. In addition, Securityholders that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield 
than the redeemed Securities. Should the Securities at such time be trading well above the price 
set for redemption, the negative impact on the Securityholders' anticipated returns would be 
significant. 
(b) 
Securities subject to automatic redemption 
In accordance with General Conditions 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption) and 6.5 (Redemption for 
FATCA Withholding), the Issuer shall redeem the Securities upon the occurrence of a special tax 
event or (in relation to Swedish Securities and Norwegian Securities) in case of a FATCA 
Withholding. Such automatic redemption may negatively affect the value of the Securities and 
may lead to redemption at an amount or time less favourable for Securityholders. As a result, 
the Securityholder may thus not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
(c) 
Risks related to Early Redemption Trigger Events 
General Condition 6.2 (Early Redemption Trigger Events) and Annex 8 – Early Redemption 
Trigger Conditions provide for several Early Redemption Trigger Events (the Issuer Call Early

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
32 
 
Redemption Trigger, the Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger, the Knock-out Early 
Redemption Trigger, the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger, the Puttable Knock-out 
Early Redemption Trigger, the Target Early Redemption Trigger, the Knock-out Multi 
Underlying Redemption Trigger and the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger), which may limit 
the market value of Securities. On and prior to any Early Redemption Date, the market value of 
those Securities will generally not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower 
than the interest rate on the Securities. The yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Securities may be lower than the purchase price 
for the Securities paid for the Securities by the investor. As a consequence, part of the capital 
invested by the investor may be lost, so that the investor in such case would not receive the total 
amount of capital invested. Additionally, at the Early Redemption Date, an investor would 
generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. 
(d) 
Risks related to Redemption Methods 
The Redemption Method applicable to the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, may be different to the Redemption Method applicable to 
the Early Redemption Amount. Where Performance Redemption or Growth Redemption 
applies, the Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Final Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, will be calculated by reference to a Redemption Payoff. Securityholders 
should therefore also refer to the relevant risk factors set out below which apply to the 
Redemption Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable for determining the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be. The calculation of such Redemption Payoff may be linked to the 
value of one or more Underlying(s) that have been selected under the relevant Redemption 
Payoff. The performance of the Underlying(s) will consequently affect the Early Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount an investor will receive. 
As a result, the Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount may be less than the nominal amount of the Securities and Securityholders 
may lose all or part of the amount of the capital invested. 
(e) 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount 
Where a Security is subject to early redemption, it may (where specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be redeemed at its Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, which may be different from 
the amount due on the scheduled redemption date. Save in respect of Securities where the Fair 
Value Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a fixed percentage, the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount in respect of a Security will be an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Security (subject to a minimum of zero). Following the early redemption of the 
Securities, a Securityholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an equivalent 
rate of return to the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate or in worse investment conditions. 
(f) 
Redemption Unwind Costs 
Redemption Unwind Costs or Payoff Feature Unwind Costs, if applicable, reflect an amount, 
equal to such Security's pro rata portion of the value (determined in the currency in which the 
Securities are denominated) of any losses, expenses and costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates who may have hedged the price risk of the Securities and any loss of tax relief 
or other tax consequences of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related swap agreement 
or other hedging arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
33 
 
The investor has no way of knowing if the Securities have been hedged, the terms of any such 
hedge and the consequences of when such hedge is unwound or adjusted and so have no way of 
knowing what this amount will be and the effect on the amount paid on redemption of the 
Securities. 
(g) 
Risks related to Disruption Events 
Linked Interest Securities, Linked Redemption Securities, Bond Linked Securities, Credit 
Linked Securities and Preference Share Linked Securities may be subject to risks related to 
additional disruption events, market disruption events, disrupted days and other events that have 
a material effect on the Securities, if applicable (each as defined in the relevant Asset Conditions, 
the Disruption Events). 
The occurrence of any Disruption Event may result in the postponement of the relevant 
observation date relating to any Underlying or affected component Underlying of a Basket, the 
postponement of the relevant payment date for interest or redemption or the redemption of the 
Securities by the Issuer. The amount to be paid following any postponement of the payment date 
will not be adjusted to take into account any interest or other sum in respect of the postponement 
of the payment. 
Investors should be aware that the Calculation Agent has a large amount of discretion upon the 
occurrence of any Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the 
Conditions as it considers appropriate and may determine the fair market value of the relevant 
Underlying or good faith estimate of the level of the Index, as applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant Asset Conditions. 
Any postponement of the observation date or payment date or any amendment to the Conditions 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. The occurrences of any such event 
may also adversely affect the investors' investment schedule, timetable or plans in relation to 
which the payment dates of the Securities are connected. 
(h) 
Risks related to the necessity of the Regulator permission for the redemption before the 
Redemption Date of Securities that are "titres non-structurés" 
The redemption of Securities that are "titres non-structurés" (as defined in Article R.613-28 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) before the Redemption Date may be subject to prior 
written permission of the Regulator. Should the Regulator refuse to give its permission, the 
market value of the Securities may be affected negatively, and investors may incur losses in 
respect of their investments in the Securities. 
5.3. 
Risks relating to Alternative Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Alternative Currency Securities, the occurrence of an Alternative Currency Event 
may lead to postponement of payments under the Securities, payment in an alternative currency or early 
redemption of the Securities. As a result, Securityholders may be adversely affected and lose some of the 
capital invested.  
5.4. 
Risks relating to CNY Securities 
(a) 
CNY is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of 
Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of the 
Securities denominated in Renminbi 
In accordance with the Definitions Conditions, CNY Securities are a form of Alternative 
Currency Securities and may be issued under the Programme. CNY is not completely freely 
convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between CNY and 
foreign currencies.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
34 
 
Although from 1 October 2016, the CNY has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund, there is no assurance that the PRC government will 
liberalise control over cross-border remittance of CNY in the future or that new regulations in 
the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of CNY into or outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated 
outside the PRC in CNY, this may affect the overall availability of CNY outside the PRC and 
the ability of the relevant Issuer to source CNY to finance its obligations under CNY Securities.  
(b) 
There is only limited availability of CNY outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity 
of the Securities denominated in the CNY and the Issuer's ability to source CNY outside 
the PRC to service such Securities denominated in CNY 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border CNY fund flows, 
the availability of CNY outside the PRC is limited. While the People's Bank of China (the 
PBOC) has entered into agreements on the clearing of CNY business (the Settlement 
Agreements) with financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities (the CNY 
Clearing Banks), including but not limited to Hong Kong, and is in the process of establishing 
CNY clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current size of CNY 
denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
CNY business participating banks do not have direct CNY liquidity support from the PBOC. 
The offshore CNY market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations 
on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated 
or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended so as to have the effect of 
restricting availability of CNY offshore. The limited availability of CNY outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of the CNY Securities and, as a consequence, have an adverse effect on the 
value of such CNY Securities.  
(c) 
Payments with respect to Securities denominated in Renminbi may be made only in the 
manner designated in such Securities 
Securityholders may be required to provide certification and other information (including 
Renminbi account information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in 
accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong 
Kong or such other CNY Settlement Centre(s). All payments to investors with respect to 
Securities denominated in Renminbi will be made only (i) for so long as Securities denominated 
in Renminbi are represented by global securities or global registered securities held with the 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or any alternative 
clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or (ii) for so 
long as Securities denominated in Renminbi are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
Other than described in the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Issuer cannot be required 
to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, by 
cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
5.5. 
Risks related to Commodity Linked Securities 
Chapter 1 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions allows for Commodity 
Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal payable is 
dependent upon the value of a commodity. 
Securityholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Commodity Linked Securities (i) they 
may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different 
time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the 
movements in the value of the commodity(ies) may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
35 
 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant value of a commodity(ies) may affect the actual yield to Securityholders, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the value of the 
commodity(ies), the greater the effect on yield. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the value of the commodity(ies). The value of commodities may be 
affected by economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors 
affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which the relevant commodities may be traded. 
If a Market Disruption Event in relation to a commodity occurs, this may also have an adverse effect on 
the value or liquidity of the Securities.  
As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in value of a commodity may adversely 
affect the value of Commodity Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose all or part of 
their investment. 
5.6. 
Risks related to Index Linked Securities  
Chapter 2 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions allows for Index Linked 
Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest 
payable are dependent upon the level of an index or indices. 
Securityholders should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked Securities (i) they may 
receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different 
time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the 
movements in the level of the index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in the relevant index or indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of 
the index or indices may affect the actual yield of the Securities, even if the average level is consistent 
with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index, the greater the effect on 
yield. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices. The level of the index or indices 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
but not limited to the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the 
index or indices may be traded. Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the 
index or indices may adversely affect the value of Index Linked Securities and as a result, could lose all 
or part of their investment. 
5.7. 
Risks related to FX Linked Securities 
Chapter 3 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions allows for FX Linked Securities 
to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which 
may be different from the currency in which the Securities are denominated. Accordingly an investment 
in FX Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange investment. 
Securityholders should be aware that, depending on the terms of the FX Linked Securities (i) they may 
receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of nominal and/or interest (if applicable) may 
occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial 
portion of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing 
of changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in currency exchange rates, the greater 
the effect on yield.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
36 
 
Exchange rates between currencies are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international 
currency markets, which are influenced, by macro-economic factors, speculation and central bank and 
government intervention (including the imposition of currency controls and restrictions). Movements in 
currency exchange rates may be dependent upon economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the 
respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, fiscal and monetary policy, 
government debt, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and intervening measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures 
include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to 
replace an existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation 
or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer 
of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified currency. 
Any such measures could have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some currencies have been volatile. This volatility may be 
expected in the future. Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Security. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates will affect the value of FX Linked Securities. The market price of such 
Securities may be volatile and, if the amount of nominal and/or interest (if applicable) payable is 
dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of currency exchange rates.  
As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the exchange rate may 
adversely affect the value of FX Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose all or part 
of their investment. 
5.8. 
Risks related to Inflation Linked Securities 
Chapter 4 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions allows for Inflation Linked 
Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest is 
determined by reference to an inflation index or inflation indices.  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the inflation indices should be taken as an indication 
of future performance of such inflation index during the term of any Inflation Linked Securities. 
Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Index may adversely 
affect the value of Inflation Linked Securities and as a result, Securityholders could lose all or part of 
their investment. 
5.9. 
Risks related to Rate Linked Securities 
Chapter 5 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions allows for Rate Linked Securities 
to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon movements in benchmark rate. Accordingly an investment in Rate Linked Securities may 
bear similar market risks to a direct interest rate investment. 
Securityholders should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Rate Linked Securities (i) they may 
receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different 
time than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, 
movements in interest rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in other indices and the timing of changes in the interest rates may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in interest 
rates, the greater the effect on yield. 
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro-economic, political or 
financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. In recent years, interest rates 
have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may rise and/or become 
volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any interest rate in the past are not necessarily indicative,

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
37 
 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Security. Fluctuations in interest 
rates will affect the value of Rate Linked Securities. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and, if the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
is dependent upon movements in interest rates, may depend upon the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of interest rates. Movements in interest rates may be dependent upon economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the 
risk that changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of Rate Linked Securities and as a result, 
Securityholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
5.10. 
Risks related to ETF Linked Securities 
Chapter 6 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions Condition allows for ETF Linked 
Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal payable is 
dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in an exchange traded fund or exchange 
traded funds or, depending on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such a fund or funds, 
the relevant Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified amount of shares. As a result, 
Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the price of units or shares in an exchange traded 
fund or exchange traded funds may adversely affect the value of ETF Linked Securities and as a result, 
Securityholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
(a) 
Where the Underlying is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such exchange traded 
fund will not accurately track its underlying share or index 
Where the Securities are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such ETF is to track 
the performance of a share or an index, the Securityholders are exposed to the performance of 
such ETF rather than the underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, 
including to comply with certain tax and regulatory constraints, an ETF may not be able to track 
or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or index, which could give rise to 
a difference between the performance of the underlying share or index and such ETF. 
Accordingly, Securityholders who purchase Securities that are linked to an ETF may receive a 
lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying such ETF 
directly. 
(b) 
Action or non-performance by the management company, fund administrator or sponsor 
of an exchange traded fund may adversely affect the Securities 
The management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no involvement 
in the offer and sale of the Securities and will have no obligation to any purchaser of such 
Securities. The management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF may take any 
actions in respect of such ETF without regard to the interests of the purchasers of the Securities, 
and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of the Securities. In its day-to-
day operations and its investment strategy, an ETF will rely on the fund advisor, the investment 
advisor, the management company and/or on third parties providing services such as safekeeping 
of assets or acting as counterparty to derivatives or other instruments used by such ETF to 
employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services of any such 
persons or institutions may expose an ETF to financial loss. Failure of procedures or systems, as 
well as human error or external events associated with an ETF's management and/or 
administration may cause losses to an ETF and affect the market value of the Securities. 
(c) 
Determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of Potential Adjustment Events 
and Extraordinary Events may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event or an Extraordinary Event has occurred in 
relation to an underlying exchange traded fund or in relation to a share or unit of an underlying 
exchange traded fund, the Calculation Agent has discretionary authority under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities to make certain determinations to account for such event including

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
38 
 
to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and/or (ii) cause early redemption of the 
Securities, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. 
(d) 
Risks relating to physical settlement 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may determine that the 
specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without 
limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or 
market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of 
assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement date or 
(b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms of any 
transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect 
of the Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an 
obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Securities and, 
in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such Securities 
and as a result, the amount of nominal payable on redemption.  
(e) 
Risks associated with Depositary Receipts 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" apply, the return on the 
Securities will be linked in full or in part to depositary receipts (DRs). DRs represent underlying 
shares, and therefore Securityholders are exposed to the risks of an investment linked to 
underlying shares. The legal owner of the shares underlying the DRs is the custodian bank which 
is also the issuing agent of the depositary receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction under which 
the depositary receipts have been issued, there is a risk that such jurisdiction does not legally 
recognise the purchasers of the DR as the beneficial owner of the underlying shares. In the event 
the custodian becomes insolvent or that enforcement measures are taken against the custodian it 
is possible that an order restricting the free disposition of the underlying shares is issued. In this 
event, the purchaser of a DR may lose its rights to the underlying shares under the DR and the 
DR would become worthless. As a result, the value of and return on Securities linked to the DRs 
may be negatively affected. 
(f) 
Non-delivery of ETF Units will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where physical settlement applies to the Securities, if the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates have not received the ETF Units and/or cash for whatever reason, including as a result 
of a failure to deliver by a third party under the terms of any hedging transaction, such event will 
not constitute an Event of Default for the purpose of the Securities. In such circumstances 
settlement of the Securities, may be substantially delayed and/or may be in cash (in whole or in 
part).  
5.11. 
Risks related to Share Linked Securities 
Chapter 7 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions Condition allows for Share 
Linked Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal payable is 
dependent upon the price or changes in the price of shares, the relevant Issuer's obligation on redemption 
is to deliver a specified amount of shares. As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that changes 
in the price of shares may adversely affect the value of Share Linked Securities and as a result, 
Securityholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
(a) 
Limited anti-dilution protection 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to elements of the Securities as described in the 
Share Linked Asset Conditions. The Calculation Agent is not required to make an adjustment 
for every corporate event that may affect the underlying shares or depositary receipts. Those

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
39 
 
events or other actions by the issuer of underlying shares or depositary receipts or a third party 
may nevertheless adversely affect the market price of the underlying shares or depositary 
receipts and, therefore, adversely affect the value of the Securities. The issuer of underlying 
shares or depositary receipts or a third party could make an offering or exchange offer or the 
issuer of underlying shares or depositary receipts could take another action that adversely affects 
the value of the underlying shares or depositary receipts and the Securities but does not result in 
an adjustment. 
(b) 
Risks relating to physical settlement 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may determine that the 
specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without 
limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or 
market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of 
assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement date or 
(b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms of any 
transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect 
of the Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an 
obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Securities and, 
in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such Securities 
and as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption.  
(c) 
Non-delivery of Shares will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where physical settlement applies to the Securities, if the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates have not received the Shares and/or cash for whatever reason, including as a result of 
a failure to deliver by a third party under the terms of any hedging transaction, such event will 
not constitute an Event of Default for the purpose of the Securities. In such circumstances 
settlement of the Securities, may be substantially delayed and/or may be in cash (in whole or in 
part) which may affect Securityholders.  
5.12. 
Risks related to Fund Linked Securities 
Chapter 8 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions Condition allows for Fund 
Linked Securities to be issued. The fund units used as underlying assets of the Fund Linked Securities 
may be issued by any pooled investment vehicle or other similar type of arrangement, such as hedge funds 
or mutual funds (hereafter a Reference Fund). As a result, Securityholders are exposed to the risk that 
changes in the price of fund units may adversely affect the value of Fund Linked Securities and as a result, 
Securityholders could lose all or part of their investment. 
Statements in these risk factors concerning funds and fund managers also apply to any portfolio or basket 
of funds and any related portfolio manager. 
(a) 
Risks relating to underlying Reference Funds that are pooled investment vehicles 
Fund Interest units, and investments in pooled investment vehicles generally, are speculative 
and involve a high degree of risk. 
To the extent the underlying(s) of a Series of Securities include(s) a Fund Interest or Basket of 
Fund Interests for a Series of Securities, the Securities of such Series will be subject to some of 
the risks of an investment in a Reference Fund or the Basket Reference Funds. The lack of 
oversight and regulation associated with arrangements that are Reference Funds may increase 
the likelihood of fraud and negligence by the fund's managers and/or the investment advisors, 
their brokerage firms or banks.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
40 
 
Reference Funds may involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax 
information and may have high fees and expenses that may offset the Reference Fund's trading 
profits. 
Substantial redemptions on a Reference Fund on a particular day could require such Reference 
Fund to liquidate positions more rapidly than would be otherwise desirable. 
Reference Funds, including the funds on which Securities may be indexed, generally do not 
make information about their operations and holdings public. Even if the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor may have arrangements with a Reference Fund manager to obtain information 
required to calculate the value of the fund, it may not have access to the activities of the fund on 
a continuous basis or at all. There are currently no regulatory requirements compelling funds to 
release information of the kind that would allow the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to value a 
fund or to accurately determine the value of the fund units and, consequently, the Redemption 
Amount of the relevant Securities. 
(b) 
The use of leverage may increase the risk of loss in the value of the fund units 
The underlying funds may have recourse to leverage, i.e. borrow amounts that represent more 
than 100 per cent. of the value of their assets to invest further in assets that involve additional 
risks. Accordingly, a small downward movement in the value of a fund's assets may result in a 
significantly larger loss for the fund. 
(c) 
Fund managers may take risky investments notably because of the possibility to earn 
incentive compensation 
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors to Reference Funds may invest in and trade 
in a variety of financial instruments using sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and 
non-hedging purposes.  
While these investment strategies and financial instruments allow the fund managers and/or the 
investment advisors the flexibility to implement a range of strategies in an attempt to generate 
positive returns for the fund, they also create the risk of significant losses that may adversely 
affect the fund. 
The potential for a fund manager to earn performance-based compensation (including a manager 
that is affiliated with the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) may encourage such fund manager to 
trade in a more speculative manner than it otherwise would. Therefore, because the incentive 
compensation of the fund's managers and/or investment advisors to Reference Funds is often 
directly influenced by the performance of such funds, each fund manager may consequently 
have an incentive to take greater risks when making investments that may result in greater 
profits. By taking greater risks when making investments consequently there is greater scope for 
significant losses. In addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may receive 
management, advisory or performance fees even though the fund has not realised any gains. 
(d) 
The illiquidity of the underlying Reference Fund's investments or the occurrence of certain 
extraordinary events may cause the payment of the Final or Early Redemption Amount, 
any Instalment Amount or any Interest Amount to be reduced or delayed 
Any Interest Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount due to investors in Fund Linked Securities may be based on the redemption 
proceeds that would be paid in cash by the underlying Reference Fund to a hypothetical investor 
as a result of a valid and timely notice for redemption given by such hypothetical investor with 
effect as of the relevant valuation date. To meet a redemption request, the underlying Reference 
Fund would likely sell its own assets but such investments may not be readily saleable on or 
shortly after the valuation date for various reasons, including, but not limited to:

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
41 
 
(i) 
infrequent redemption opportunities allowed by such underlying Reference Fund (for 
example, many Reference Funds only allow monthly or quarterly liquidity); 
(ii) 
"gating", lock-ups, side pockets or discretionary redemption delays or suspensions 
imposed by such underlying Reference Fund (for example, many Reference Funds have 
provisions whereby redemption requests are scaled back if the aggregate amount of 
such requests reaches a predetermined limit); and 
(iii) 
such underlying Reference Funds' own investments may be illiquid. 
In these situations, (i) the payment of any Interest Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount may be postponed by the Calculation 
Agent to a day soon after the date on which the underlying Reference Fund pays all the 
redemption proceeds in respect of a valid and timely redemption order given after the occurrence 
of an event described above or to the maturity date of the Securities. If the redemption proceeds 
have not been paid by the underlying Reference Fund on the redemption date of the Securities, 
the payment of any interest Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or final redemption 
Amount may be postponed. 
If certain extraordinary events occur affecting an underlying Reference Fund, such as, but 
without limitation, the insolvency, nationalisation or merger of the underlying Reference Fund, 
a resignation or termination or replacement of the administrator, custodian, investment adviser 
or manager of the fund, or a breach by the underlying Reference Fund of its investment strategy, 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may decide to terminate soon after the occurrence of such 
extraordinary event, the exposure of the Securities to the underlying Reference Fund and pay all 
amounts due on the redemption date of the Securities on the basis of the redemption proceeds 
paid by the underlying Reference Fund in the liquidation of the exposure to such underlying 
Reference Fund. If the underlying Reference Fund is also subject to liquidity problems as 
described above, the postponement of the payment of amounts as described above may also 
apply. 
In the fund industry, it is likely that such delay would have an adverse impact on the amount 
payable to an investor under the Securities. 
(e) 
If the underlying Reference Fund(s) invest(s) through a master-feeder structure, the latter 
may have an adverse effect on the underlying Reference Fund(s) and, therefore, the 
Securities 
The underlying Reference Fund(s) may invest through a "master-feeder" structure. As such, the 
underlying Reference Fund(s) will contribute substantially part or all of its assets to the master 
Reference Fund and may do so alongside other investors, including other feeder funds. The 
relevant master fund may also establish or allow investment by additional investors or feeder 
funds in the future. 
The master-feeder fund structure, in particular the existence of multiple investment vehicles 
investing in the same portfolio, presents certain unique risks to investors. The underlying 
Reference Fund(s) may be materially affected by the actions of other investors, investment 
vehicles and feeder funds investing in the master fund, particularly if such investors have large 
investments in the master fund. For example, if a larger investment vehicle or entity with a large 
investment in the master fund redeems from the master fund, illiquidity in certain securities or 
markets could make it difficult for the master fund to liquidate positions on favourable terms to 
effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of the 
master fund. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-manager may need to liquidate the 
master fund's most liquid investments, leaving remaining investors (including the underlying 
fund(s)) invested in more illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund 
with a less diversified pool of investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the 
master fund, and, ultimately, the Securities. Conversely, the sub-manager may refuse a

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
42 
 
redemption request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse 
impact on the remaining investors of the master fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity 
of the master fund and, therefore, the underlying fund(s) and the Securities. 
5.13. 
Risks related to Future Linked Securities 
Chapter 9 of Annex 1 - Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions allows for Future Linked 
Securities to be issued. The Issuers may issue Securities where the amount of principal and/or interest 
payable are dependent upon movements in the price of selected future contracts. Accordingly, an 
investment in Future Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the relevant 
future contract(s). 
In respect of Future Linked Redemption Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) on 
redemption determined by reference to the value of one or more future contracts and/or Future Linked 
Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of one or more future contracts. 
An Extraordinary Event will occur if (a) the relevant exchange makes or announces (i) a modification to 
the future contract, (ii) a replacement of the future contract with a successor future contract, (iii) that the 
future contract will cease to be published permanently, (iv) that the future contract is no longer on the 
same exchange or no longer in the same format as it was on the Trade Date, or (b) the Calculation Agent 
determines that a deterioration in liquidity of the future contract since the Trade Date is likely to have a 
material impact on the Issuer's and its affiliates' hedging arrangements. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the relevant Issuer may (a) require the Calculation Agent 
to determine whether to make adjustments to the terms of the Securities to account for the event, (b) 
redeem the Future Linked Securities at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, or (c) where the 
Securities relate to a Basket of Futures, (i) partially redeem the Future Linked Securities in proportion to 
the affected future contracts or (ii) substitute the affected future contracts with replacements that satisfy 
specified criteria. 
In addition, if the published price of a future contract is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will 
be used if it is corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published 
less than four Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Future contracts have a predetermined expiration date. Holding a future contract until expiration will 
result in delivery of the physical underlying or the requirement to make or receive a cash settlement 
amount. If the applicable Final Terms for the Securities specify that "Roll Adjustment" applies, the 
Securities will be valued by reference to future contracts that have a delivery or expiry month that does 
not correspond with the term of the Securities. Consequently the future contracts are "rolled" which means 
that the future contract that is nearing expiration (the Active Future Contract) is sold before it expires 
and a future contract that has an expiration date further in the future (the Next Active Future Contract) 
is purchased, thus maintaining ongoing exposure to such underlying future contracts throughout the term 
of the Securities. The Calculation Agent will select a new future contract on each Rolling Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
On each rolling date, the price of the Active Future Contract may be lower than the price of the Next 
Active Future Contract if the future curve is in contango, and may be higher than the price of the Next 
Active Future Contract if the future curve is in backwardation. The Roll Adjustment may as a 
consequence have either a positive or negative impact on the value of the Securities. This may result in a 
partial or total loss of the investment in the Securities. 
In addition to the effects of contango and backwardation, each "roll" may generate costs that correspond 
to the expenses incurred in replacing the future contracts (transaction costs) and may have an adverse 
effect on the return of the Securities. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should be aware that in respect of Securities for which the 
applicable Final Terms specify that "Roll Adjustment" applies, the potential negative impact on the value 
of the Securities induced by the roll may lead to a performance of the Securities that is worse than the

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
43 
 
performance that would have been generated by Securities linked to the relevant Future(s) underlying 
asset(s). 
5.14. 
Risks related to Portfolio Linked Securities 
(a) 
Market value of Portfolio Linked Securities may be volatile 
The market value of Portfolio Linked Securities will fluctuate up or down depending on the 
performance of the relevant components of the Portfolio, which, without limitation, may be 
comprised of one or more of equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investment funds, 
exchange traded funds, commodities, credit, baskets of securities or indices, cash, other 
portfolios and trading strategies. Such performance may be affected by changes in the value of 
the different components in the Portfolio to which the relevant issue of Portfolio Linked 
Securities relates. This value may be affected by a range of factors, including (i) the economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or 
quotation system(s) on which any component comprising the Portfolio may be traded and (ii) 
risks highlighted in the Risk Factors relating to an individual type of underlying, which are 
included in the relevant Portfolio. In addition, there may be correlation between price 
movements of one component and the price movements of another component of the Portfolio 
that may have a negative impact on the value of the Portfolio. Consequently, prospective 
investors, when considering investing in Portfolio Linked Securities, should also consider the 
risk factors above applicable to the relevant type of portfolio components.  
Generally, if the performance of the Portfolio is negative, the value of the Portfolio Linked 
Securities may be adversely affected. While the composition of the Portfolio may be designed 
to change over time as a result of performance or other factors, there is no guarantee this feature 
will positively impact the value of the Portfolio Linked Securities (and it may have to opposite 
impact). Purchasers of Portfolio Linked Securities should be aware that Portfolio Linked 
Securities can be volatile and they may risk losing all or a substantial part of their investment if 
the value of the Portfolio falls.  
Finally, the Net Portfolio Level will be reduced by the deduction of a number of costs, which 
may include the Advisory Fee paid to the Weighting Advisor, the Distribution Fee paid to the 
Distributor and the Structuring Fee paid to the Calculation Agent. Additionally, there may be a 
Performance Fee paid to the Weighting Advisor applicable to positive performance of the Net 
Portfolio Level above the High Watermark. These deductions will reduce the performance of 
the Portfolio which, in turn, may negatively impact the value of the Portfolio Linked Securities. 
(b) 
Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio 
Holders of Portfolio Linked Securities linked to a Dynamic Portfolio are exposed to the risk of 
changes in the market value of such Securities resulting from both changes in the prices of the 
assets comprising the Dynamic Portfolio and recommendations for replacement or weighting of 
the assets comprising the Weighting Advisor's Portfolio. Consequently, depending on the 
performance of such Dynamic Portfolio and the market value of Securities linked to such 
Dynamic Portfolio, Securityholders may lose part or all of their investment in such Security.  
(c) 
Risks relating to the Weighting Advisor 
Portfolio Linked Securities are linked to a Portfolio that is actively managed by the Weighting 
Advisor pursuant to the Weighting Advisory Agreement. The relevant Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent have appointed the Weighting Advisor which shall aim to maximise the Portfolio Level 
in accordance with the Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions including, without limitation Portfolio 
Linked Asset Condition 4 and the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. Therefore, investors in Portfolio 
Linked Securities are reliant upon the skills and expertise of the Weighting Advisor to provide 
recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio throughout 
the life of the Securities. However, the Portfolio may not be successful, may not outperform any

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
44 
 
alternative strategy related to the Basket Constituents or may not achieve its target(s). The 
relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent are not responsible for, and shall have no liability in 
respect of, any acts, errors or omissions of the Weighting Advisor, whether resulting from 
negligence, bad faith or otherwise. The relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Weighting 
Advisor declines any liability in connection with the Portfolio level at any given time. 
Even though the relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent have appointed the Weighting 
Advisor, the Weighting Advisor does not act as an agent of either the relevant Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent and shall act in the exclusive interest of the Securityholders. Consequently, 
the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent are not liable for the decisions of the Weighting 
Advisor. The Weighting Advisor is exclusively responsible to the Securityholders for any 
recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio or for any 
fraud, negligence or misrepresentation. 
Finally, in the event of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, (i) there can be no 
assurance that a Substitute Weighting Advisor with the necessary skills and experience would 
be available and could be appointed on terms acceptable to the relevant Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent, (ii) the Portfolio Components may keep the same weightings as those on the 
date of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement for the rest of the life of the Portfolio 
Linked Securities, and/or (iii) the relevant Issuer may elect to treat such event as an Early 
Redemption Event and early redeem the Securities at their Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount.  
The occurrence of any of these events may impact on the market value of the Notes and may 
result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested in the Notes.  
(d) 
Risk of conflict of interests between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, and the 
Weighting Advisor and the Securityholders 
The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor, may engage in 
trading and other business activities relating to the Portfolio Components without regards to the 
Securities and that are not for the Securityholders' accounts or on behalf of the Securityholders. 
Such trading and other business activities could create conflicts between the interests of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Weighting Advisor on the one hand, and 
the interests of the Securityholders on the other hand, which could have an adverse impact on 
the value of and return on the Securities.  
(e) 
The Portfolio is notional only, securityholders will have no claim against or interest in any 
Portfolio Components 
Portfolio Linked Securities are linked to a Portfolio that is notional only, meaning that the 
relevant Issuer is under no obligation to purchase, hold or sell the Portfolio Components in order 
to hedge any Portfolio Linked Securities. Securityholders will not have any legal or beneficial 
rights of ownership in the Portfolio Components. For example, where the Portfolio Components 
is a share, Securityholders will have no voting rights, no rights to receive dividends or other 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the Portfolio Components. In addition, 
Securityholders will have no claim against any share issuer, index sponsor, fund issuer, fund 
sponsor or any other third party in relation to a Portfolio Component; such parties have no 
obligation to act in your interests. Accordingly, Securityholders may receive a lower return on 
the Securities than they would have received had they invested directly in the Portfolio 
Components. 
5.15. 
Risks related to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities 
An investment in Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities will entail significant risks not associated with an 
investment in a conventional debt security. On redemption of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption 
Securities, Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) determined by reference to the price, value or

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
45 
 
level of two (2) or more types of Underlyings. Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Securities pay interest 
calculated by reference to the price, value or level of two (2) or more types of Underlyings. The 
Underlyings being a commodity, index, FX rate, inflation index, benchmark rate, ETF, share or fund 
interest, please refer to the risk factors above.  
5.16. 
Risks related to Credit Linked Securities 
In accordance with Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions), the Issuers may issue Securities where the 
amount of nominal and/or interest (if applicable) payable are dependent upon whether certain default 
events (Credit Events) have occurred in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, if so, on the value 
of certain specified assets of such Reference Entity/Entities or where, if such events have occurred, on 
redemption the relevant Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. The holders of CLSs will 
accordingly be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such Securities. 
Where cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to any 
Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Securities in a reduced nominal 
amount or at zero (0) and (if applicable) in a reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated. 
Where physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Securities based on the valuation (or by delivery) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a market value substantially less than their par 
amount. 
Under certain circumstances, interest will cease to accrue and in no event shall interest accrue on any 
period commencing after the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
Prospective investors in any such Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities (CLSs) (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (if applicable), (ii) 
payment of nominal or interest (if applicable) or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different 
time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
(a) 
Leveraged CLSs may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain triggers 
The Issuer may early redeem Leveraged CLSs in whole, but not in part, at the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount if (a) "Fair Market Value Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a CLS of the relevant 
Series would be, assuming that such Series of CLSs would be redeemed in full on such date at 
the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, less than the Fair Market Value Trigger 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (b) "Reference Entity Spread Trigger" is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Reference Entity Spread (in the case of a 
Single Reference Entity CLS) or weighted average Reference Entity Spread in respect of all the 
relevant Reference Entities (in the case of an Nth-to-Default CLS or a Linear Basket CLS) 
exceeds the Reference Entity Spread Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms or (c) 
"Reference Entity Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred exceeds the 
Reference Entity Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective investors in any such Securities should be aware that they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment in case of such early redemption. 
(b) 
Payments on the Securities may be deferred or suspended 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit 
loss has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, (ii) as at the end of the scheduled 
credit protection period for the Securities a Credit Event or a potential Credit Event has occurred, 
may have occurred or may occur, or (iii) pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, payment of the redemption amount of the Securities and/or interest 
(if applicable) on the Securities may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
46 
 
compensation to the holders of the Securities and in particular no interest shall accrue on such 
deferred amount. Holders return on the Securities would in such case be reduced. 
(c) 
Suspension of obligations will suspend payment of nominal and interest 
In certain circumstances, pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determination Committee 
all of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under each CLS (including any obligation to deliver 
any notices, pay any interest, nominal or settlement amount or to make any delivery) shall be 
and remain suspended until ISDA or, as the case may be, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determination Committee has resolved the matter in 
question or not to determine such matters. The Calculation Agent will provide notice of such 
suspension as soon as reasonably practicable; however, any failure or delay by the Calculation 
Agent in providing such notice will not affect the validity or effect of such suspension. No 
interest shall accrue on any payments which are suspended in accordance with the above. 
(d) 
Physical delivery 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer may determine that the 
specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which, for any reason, (including, without 
limitation, failure or restrictions of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, 
court order, market conditions, contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions, failure of a holder 
to provide the required information, or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to 
the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to deliver on the 
specified settlement date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not 
received under the terms of any transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such 
affiliate to hedge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities. Any such 
determination may delay settlement in respect of the Securities and/or cause the obligation to 
deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in 
either case, may affect the value of the Securities and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, 
will affect the timing of the valuation of such Securities and, as a result, the amount of principal 
payable on redemption. 
(e) 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
Where the Securities are redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event by reference to 
an auction sponsored by ISDA, the relevant Issuer or its affiliates may act as a participating 
bidder in any such auction and, in such capacity, may take certain actions which may influence 
the Auction Final Price including (without limitation) submitting bids, offers and physical 
settlement requests with respect to the obligations of the Reference Entity. If the relevant Issuer 
or its affiliates participate in an Auction, then they will do so without regard to the interests of 
Securityholders, and such participation may have a material adverse effect on the outcome of 
the relevant Auction and/or on the CLSs. Securityholders will not, solely by virtue of holding 
Securities, have any right to submit bids and/or offers in relation to any CLS for the purposes of 
any Auction. 
The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an Auction may be less than the market value 
that would otherwise have been determined in respect of the specified Reference Entity or its 
obligations.  
Following a "Restructuring" Credit Event in relation to which ISDA sponsors multiple 
concurrent Auctions, but where there is no auction relating to credit derivative transactions with 
a maturity of the Securities, if the Calculation Agent exercises the right of the buyer of credit 
risk protection under the Securities to elect that the Auction Final Price is determined by 
reference to an alternative Auction, the Auction Final Price so determined may be lower than 
the amount which would have been determined based on quotations sought from third party 
dealers.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
47 
 
Prospective investors should note that the use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect the 
returns. 
(f) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
If the Securities are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the 
affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained will be "bid-side" ― that is, they will be reduced 
to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be 
available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity 
in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected Reference 
Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Accordingly, any quotations 
so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be 
determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash flows of such 
Obligations. Quotations will be deemed to be zero (0) in the event that no such quotations are 
available.  
Prospective investors should note that the use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect the 
returns. 
(g) 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver Risk" 
The Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be valued or 
delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity where Cash Settlement or 
Physical Settlement applies. It is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be 
obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted 
to be selected pursuant to the Securities. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence 
greater losses for investors in the Securities. 
(h) 
Rights associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions which are members of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe 
no duty to the Securityholders and have the ability to make determinations that may materially 
affect the Securityholders, such as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession Event. A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may make determinations without action or 
knowledge of the Securityholders. 
Securityholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee nor any control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent provided for in the Securities, will be 
subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the DC 
Rules. 
Securityholders may have no recourse against either the institutions serving on a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any 
duty of care or liability arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of 
advice under the DC Rules, except in the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. 
Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee do not owe 
any duty to the Securityholders and the Securityholders will be prevented from pursuing claims 
with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the DC Rules. 
Investors should note that the DC Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent 
or input of the Securityholders and the powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
48 
 
(i) 
Non-delivery of Deliverable Obligations and Hedge Disruption Event will not constitute an 
Event of Default 
Where Physical Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method, if as a result of a Hedge 
Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its affiliates have not received the Deliverable 
Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, such event will not constitute 
an Event of Default for the purposes of the Securities. In such circumstances settlement of the 
Securities may be substantially delayed and/or may be in cash (in whole or in part) which may 
negatively impact the return on the Securities.  
(j) 
Calculation Agent may modify terms of the Securities 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the 
prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions (including, but not limited to 
changes that affect any CDS hedging transaction), modify the terms of the Securities to the 
extent it determines necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer in order to ensure 
consistency with such terms or conventions. If the Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the 
Securities, it will do so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Securities and any 
such modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Securities. 
5.17. 
Risks related to Bond Linked Securities 
In accordance with Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions), the Issuers may issue Securities where the amount 
of nominal and/or interest (if applicable) payable are dependent upon whether certain events (Bond 
Events) have occurred in respect of one or more Bonds and, if so, on the value of the relevant Bond or 
where, if such events have occurred, on redemption the relevant Issuer's obligation is to deliver the Bond 
issued by the issuer of the Bond (the Bond Issuer). 
The holders of BLSs will be exposed to the credit of one or more Bonds, which exposure shall be, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such Securities.  
Upon the occurrence of any specified Bond Event with respect to a Bond, the Securityholders may suffer 
significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in the Bond. More generally, 
prospective investors in any such Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Bond 
Linked Securities (BLSs) (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (if applicable), (ii) 
payment of nominal or interest (if applicable) or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different 
time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
(a) 
BLSs may be redeemed early upon the occurrence of certain triggers 
The Issuer may early redeem BLSs in whole, but not in part, at the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount if "Fair Market Value Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a BLS of the relevant 
Series would be, assuming that such Series of BLSs would be redeemed in full on such date at 
the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, less than the Fair Market Value Trigger 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Prospective investors in any such Securities should be 
aware that they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment in case of such early 
redemption. 
(b) 
Payments on the Securities may be deferred or suspended 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Bond Event has occurred and the related 
Realisable Amount or Hedge Amount has not been determined as at the relevant date for 
payment or (ii) where a potential failure to pay exists as at the scheduled redemption of the 
Securities, payment of the redemption amount of the Securities and/or interest on the Securities 
may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of 
the Securities and interest (if applicable) will cease to accrue on the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
49 
 
immediately preceding the Event Determination Date. In no event shall interest accrue on any 
period commencing after the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
(c) 
Physical delivery 
Where the Securities provide for physical delivery of the affected Bond, the relevant Issuer may 
determine that the Bonds to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court 
order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the 
delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified settlement 
date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms 
of any transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge the relevant 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in 
respect of the Securities and/or cause the obligation to deliver the Bond to be replaced by an 
obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect the value of the Securities and, 
in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the valuation of such Securities 
and as a result, the amount of nominal payable on redemption.  
Prospective investors should note that the use of Physical Settlement may adversely affect the 
returns. 
(d) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Securityholders 
If the Securities are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Bond Event, the Calculation 
Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of the Bonds (unless the Bond has been 
redeemed or an Exchange Event has occurred). Quotations obtained will be "bid-side" ― that 
is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer. Such 
quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as 
a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of 
the affected Bond Issuer (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related 
cash flows. Quotations will be deemed to be zero (0) in the event that no such quotations are 
available.  
Prospective investors should note that the use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect the 
returns.  
(e) 
Non-delivery of Bonds will not constitute an Event of Default 
Where Physical Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method, if the relevant Issuer and/or any 
of its affiliates have not received the Bonds and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, 
such event will not constitute an Event of Default for the purpose of the Securities. In such 
circumstances settlement of the Securities, may be substantially delayed and/or may be in cash 
(in whole or in part). 
5.18. 
Risks related to Preference Share Linked Securities 
(a) 
Securityholders are exposed to Preference Share Linked Securities 
The Preference Share Issuer may issue Preference Share Linked Securities where the Final 
Redemption Amount (as defined in the Preference Share Linked Conditions) is dependent upon 
changes in the market value of the relevant Preference Shares, which may fluctuate up or down 
depending on (A) the performance of a specified index or basket of indices, share or basket of 
shares, exchange traded funds, currency or basket of currencies, debt instrument or basket of 
debt instruments, commodity or basket of commodities or to such other underlying instruments, 
bases of reference or factors (the Preference Share Underlying) as set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Preference Shares (the Preference Share Terms) and (B) the financial

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
50 
 
condition and standing of the Preference Share Issuer. If as a result of the performance of the 
Preference Share Underlying(s), the market value of the Preference Shares decreases, the value 
of the Preference Share Linked Securities will be adversely affected.  
This could negatively affect the value of the Preference Share and therefore the value of the 
Preference Share Linked Securities. 
In addition, an investment in Preference Share Linked Securities does not confer any legal or 
beneficial interest in the Preference Shares or any Preference Share Underlying or any voting 
rights, right to receive dividends or other rights that a holder of the Preference Shares or any 
Preference Share Underlying may have. This means that potential losses in value of the 
Securities cannot be compensated by other income. 
Investors should be aware that the Preference Share Linked Securities are not principal 
protected, they are exposed to the performance of the relevant Preference Shares and accordingly 
they risk losing all or a part of their investment if the value of the Preference Shares does not 
move in a positive direction.  
(b) 
Adjustments or early redemptions 
In certain circumstances (such as the Issuer receiving notice from the Preference Share Issuer or 
the Preference Share Determination Agent that the Preference Shares will be redeemed early 
following the occurrence of certain events in relation to the Preference Shares or the Preference 
Share Issuer (such as an illegality, a change in law that results in the Preference Share Issuer 
being subject to additional regulation or an external event affecting an underlying asset to which 
the Preference Shares are linked)), the Issuer will redeem the Preference Share Linked Securities 
early at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the Preference Share Linked 
Conditions, as determined by it or the Calculation Agent without the consent of the holders of 
the Preference Share Linked Securities. The Calculation Agent may determine the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event in relation to the Preference Share 
Linked Securities. Upon such determination, the relevant Issuer may, at its option redeem the 
Preference Share Linked Securities in whole at the Early Redemption Amount. Preference Share 
Linked Securities can also be early redeemed upon the occurrence of a Preference Share Early 
Redemption Event, in which case, they shall be redeemed at the Auto-call Redemption Amount. 
If certain events occur in relation to the relevant Preference Share Underlying, the Preference 
Share Issuer and/or the Preference Share Determination Agent (as applicable) may make 
adjustments to certain of the terms of the Preference Shares as it determines appropriate or, if it 
determines that it is unable to make any such adjustment, terminate the Preference Shares at their 
market value less any costs associated with the early termination of the Preference Shares 
including the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements relating to the Preference Shares or 
the Preference Share Linked Securities. Preference Share Linked Securities will be subject to 
early termination if a Preference Share Early Termination Event (as defined in the Preference 
Share Linked Conditions) occurs. Upon the occurrence of a Preference Share Early Termination 
Event, the relevant Issuer will redeem the Preference Share Linked Securities at the Early 
Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount may be less (and in certain circumstances, 
significantly less) than investors' initial investment in the relevant Securities and could be as low 
as zero (0). 
5.19. 
Risks related to unfunded or highly leveraged Securities 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure of a Security to 
the applicable underlying and can therefore magnify both returns and losses. Whilst the use of leverage 
allows for potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the applicable underlying 
moves in the anticipated direction, it will conversely magnify losses when such underlying moves against 
expectations of investors. When a Security incorporates a leverage mechanism, potential investors should 
note that such Securities will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
51 
 
may be higher than those of a similar security which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only 
invest in leveraged Securities if they fully understand the effects of such leverage that may be embedded 
in the Securities and should expect in some circumstances not to receive any payment in respect of the 
Redemption Amount. 
5.20. 
Risks related to Payoff Features 
In accordance with Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions), the Securities may be subject to the application 
of a Payoff Feature. The application of a Payoff Feature may mean that Securities are, in turn, subject to 
the application of Linked Interest and/or Linked Redemption, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Linked Interest Rate and/or Redemption Payoff determined under the Linked Interest or Linked 
Redemption may be linked to the value of the Underlying(s) that have been selected under the relevant 
Standard Interest Payoffs, Combination Interest Payoffs, Standard Redemption Payoffs and/or 
Combination Redemption Payoffs. Negative performance of the Underlying(s) will consequently affect 
the value of the Linked Interest Rate and/or Redemption Payoff determined under the Linked Interest or 
Linked Redemption. Principal and/or interest paid as a result of the application of the relevant Payoff 
Feature may be less (and in certain circumstances, significantly less) than investors' initial investment in 
the relevant Securities and could be as low as zero (0). 
(a) 
Additive Payoff Feature 
The Additive Payoff Feature sets out that any Payoff Feature may be combined with one or more 
other Payoff Features. Accordingly where Additive Payoff Feature apply, investors should refer 
to the relevant Payoff Feature Conditions included in the combination. This combination results 
in the payoff being all the more complex and investors should be aware that the result may be 
that the relevant Security does not perform as they may expect and that they could lose all or 
part of their investment. 
(b) 
Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature and Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature 
For each Interest Payment Date on which the sum of the Interest Amounts paid or accrued up to 
and including such Interest Payment Date is equal to or greater than the Global Cap Amount, no 
Interest Amount will be payable. 
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment Date may be reduced by (in the 
case of the Final Redemption Amount) an amount equal to the Global Cap Amount or (in the 
case of each Instalment Redemption Amount) the Instalment Cap. The value of an underlying 
may therefore negatively affect the amount payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment 
Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are calculated by reference to the value of an 
underlying. 
(c) 
Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature and Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature 
For a specified Interest Payment Date on which the sum of the Interest Amounts paid or accrued 
up to and including such Interest Payment Date is less than the Global Floor Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date will be adjusted so that the sum of such Interest 
Amounts will equal the Global Floor Amount.  
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be, 
may be increased by an amount equal to the Global Floor Amount. The value of an underlying 
may therefore negatively affect the amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final 
Instalment Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are calculated by reference to the 
value of an underlying. 
(d) 
Currency Performance Payoff Feature

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
52 
 
Where Currency Performance Payoff Feature is applicable, the relevant Linked Interest Rate or 
Redemption Payoff, or part thereof, will be adjusted by multiplying the relevant percentage by 
an amount equal to 1 (one) minus the performance of the Reference Currency with respect to a 
Strike Level. This adjustment may impact the market value of the Securities and result in the 
investor receiving less than the amount invested. 
(e) 
Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding may request or elect (as the case may be in accordance with the relevant applicable 
terms and conditions) to change: 
(i) 
the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 and/or 
(ii) 
the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked Redemption1 to Linked 
Redemption2. 
Such request (in respect of a change from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2) or election is 
irrevocable upon the giving of an Investor Interest Switch Notice or Investor Redemption Switch 
Notice, as applicable. If the investor requests and the Issuer agrees (in respect of a change from 
Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2), or the investor elects, to switch, there is no guarantee that 
Linked Interest2 or Linked Redemption2, as applicable, will remain the most beneficial way of 
calculating the interest or the redemption for subsequent periods, as applicable and accordingly 
the return may be lower than the investor may expect. 
(f) 
Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
The relevant Issuer may elect to change: 
(i) 
the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 and/or 
(ii) 
the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked Redemption1 to Linked 
Redemption2. 
If the relevant Issuer elects to exercise such option this may negatively affect the Linked Interest 
Rate and/or the Redemption Payoff, as applicable, and therefore the value of the Securities. 
(g) 
Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature 
In the event of a Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature or Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature being applicable, upon the occurrence of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event or a 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Event: 
(i) 
if the Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature is applicable, the method of calculating 
the Linked Interest Rate will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked 
Interest2, and/or 
(ii) 
if the Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is applicable, the method of 
calculating the Redemption Payoff with respect to the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will automatically switch from 
Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2. 
The switch may not be beneficial for investors and this feature may negatively impact the value 
of the Securities. 
(h) 
Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
53 
 
The basis on which interest is calculated will switch automatically from Linked Interest1 to 
Linked Interest2 if a Target Interest Switch Event occurs.  
Linked Interest2 may be a less beneficial way of calculating the Linked Interest Rate in 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods and this may also negatively affect the value of the 
Securities. 
(i) 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature and Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding may request to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying used to 
determine the interest amounts and the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the event the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature is applicable 
to the interest amounts, for current interest accrual periods; and/or  
(ii) 
in the event the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature is 
applicable to the redemption amount, for the purpose of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be. 
The Issuer has sole discretion to decline to give the relevant level, meaning that the 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding would not be able to fix the relevant Underlying on the date they request. The Issuer 
may continually decline to fix the relevant Underlying Value and so the Securityholder may 
never be able to exercise its option. 
If the Securityholder elects to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying, such 
decision shall be irrevocable upon the giving of the Shout Option Exercise Notice and there is 
no guarantee that the value will be more beneficial compared to the values that may be 
achievable subsequently. Such election may affect the value of the Securities. 
(j) 
Memory Interest Payoff Feature 
In the event that the Linked Interest Rate in any Interest Accrual Period is zero (0), where the 
Linked Interest Rate in any subsequent Interest Accrual Period is greater than zero (0), such 
Linked Interest Rate will be increased by a factor reflecting the number of previous consecutive 
Interest Payment Dates to which no interest was paid. There is no guarantee that the relevant 
Linked Interest Rate will reflect a market rate and the value of the Securities may substantially 
decrease. Furthermore there is no guarantee that the Linked Interest Rate will be greater than 
zero (0) in which case the Interest Amounts payable under the Securities may be zero (0). 
(k) 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature and Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature 
If the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature 
applies, the interest amounts payable under the Securities and/or the amounts payable on 
redemption may be paid in a currency that is different to the currency in which the Securities are 
denominated. If more than one Interest Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms the 
relevant Issuer may, at its discretion, choose from any one of the currencies specified and the 
investor will not know what currency interest amounts payable under the Securities will be paid 
in prior to the relevant payment date. If more than one Redemption Currency is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of a Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment 
Date, the relevant Issuer may, at its discretion, choose from any one of the currencies specified 
and the investor will not know what currency the amount payable on such date will be paid in 
prior to the relevant payment date. The relevant Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate or Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate, as the case may be, may be volatile and investors may

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
54 
 
receive a lower interest amount or Redemption Payoff payable on redemption than expected. 
Investors should also refer to the risks set out under "Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" 
for a general discussion as to risks involved in conversion. 
(l) 
Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature 
If Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature applies, the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding may request to change the basis on 
which interest is calculated. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer will notify the 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding of the manner in which it would propose to change the basis on which interest is 
calculated and the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities outstanding may agree with the Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is 
no guarantee that any change in the basis on which interest is calculated will be beneficial for 
Securityholders. 
(m) 
Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature 
If Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature applies, the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. 
of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding may request to change the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. Following 
receipt of such request, the Issuer will notify the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding of the manner in which it would propose 
to change the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, and the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Securities outstanding may agree with the Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is 
no guarantee that any change in the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, will be beneficial for Securityholders. 
(n) 
Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature 
The amount payable as interest may accrue throughout the life of the Securities based on 
observations and determinations throughout the life of the Securities but will be paid as a single 
amount on the Single Interest Payment Date. Where Securities are redeemed prior to the Single 
Interest Payment Date, there is no guarantee that the amount payable on such redemption date 
will take into account (i) any accrued but unpaid interest, or (ii) the amount that would have been 
payable as interest if the Securities had not been redeemed early, which may affect the market 
value of the Securities. 
(o) 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature and Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
In the event of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature being applicable, upon 
the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event, the method of calculating the 
Linked Interest Rate will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2. 
In the event of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature being applicable, 
upon the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event, the method of 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Amount, as the case may 
be, will automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2. 
The switch may not be beneficial for investors and this feature may negatively impact the value 
of the Securities. 
(p) 
Reserve Interest Payoff Feature 
In the event of a Reserve Interest Payoff Feature being applicable, the Linked Interest Raten is 
calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve Accrual

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
55 
 
Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period, as the lesser of (a) the Cap and (b) 
the sum of the Linked Interestn and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The 
Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the 
Final Reserve Accrual Period as the sum of the Linked Interest Raten and Reserven-1 for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. There is no guarantee that this Payoff Feature will be beneficial 
for Securityholders. 
(q) 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature 
Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities 
outstanding may request to substitute a Bond by delivering a notice on or before a Bond Switch 
Option Expiry Date. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer shall provide the relevant Bond 
Switch Option Pricing, reflecting the cost or gain of effecting the switch of Bonds requested by 
the Securityholders, the difference between the market value of the replaced Bond and the 
replacing Bond and the resulting adjusted Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities. The 
Securityholders have the ability to request to fix the Bond Switch Option Pricing at a particular 
level; the Issuer has sole discretion to decline such request meaning the Securityholders holding 
100 per cent. Of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding would not be able 
to fix the relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing. The Issuer may continually decline to fix the 
relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing at the level requested by Securityholders. 
If the investor elects, and the Issuer agrees, to fix the Bond Switch Option Pricing at a particular 
level, it is irrevocable upon the giving of the Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice and there is 
no guarantee that the Bond Switch Option Pricing will be more beneficial compared to a Bond 
Switch Option Pricing that may be achievable subsequently. 
5.21. 
Risks related to Secured Securities 
(a) 
Limitation of the Collateral Assets  
The security provided for a Series of Secured Securities is limited to the Collateral Assets 
constituting the Collateral Pool applicable to such Series and, in the case of a Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool, to all Series of Secured Securities that are secured by the same Collateral Pool. 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets will be sufficient to ensure that, following 
enforcement, the amounts available for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available 
to be delivered by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) will be sufficient to 
pay all amounts due to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Securities 
(see "Shortfall on Realisation of Collateral Assets and limited recourse of Securityholders"). As 
a result, investors may lose a substantial part, or all, of their investment. 
(b) 
Diverse interests of Securityholders in case of Multiple Series Collateral Pools 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Securities specify that 
"Multiple Series Collateral Pool" will be applicable, security over the Collateral Pool may be 
shared by a number of Series of Secured Securities.  
In such circumstances, on the enforcement of the security created over the relevant Collateral 
Pool, to the extent there is a deficit in the amounts available to be paid to the Securityholders, 
the Securityholders of each Series of Securities which is secured on the same Collateral Pool 
will suffer a proportionate loss in their investment. The Issuer has no obligation to obtain the 
consent of existing Securityholders before issuing a new Series of Secured Securities linked to 
a Collateral Pool where Multiple Series Collateral Pool applies and so, depending on the number 
of Series issued, a Securityholder may find a large number of different Securityholders who will 
all have an interest in the relevant Collateral Pool. 
Where more than one series of Secured Securities is secured by the same Collateral Pool, the 
value of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool may not reflect the relevant Secured Securities 
Market Value of a particular series of Secured Securities (or the aggregate Secured Securities

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
56 
 
Market Value of the series of Secured Securities secured by the relevant Collateral Pool) as 
accurately as if the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool were held in respect of a single series 
of Secured Securities only. 
Where more than one Series of Secured Securities is secured by the same Collateral Pool, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) will be obliged to consider the interests 
of all Securityholders from each such Series as a single class regardless of which of the relevant 
Series they belong to. As a consequence, to the extent that the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent (as applicable) requests instructions from the Securityholders or the Securityholders are 
entitled to exercise a discretion, a Securityholder may be less able to direct the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent (as applicable) (including as to the manner in which enforcement of the 
applicable security takes place) or influence the outcome of such discretion than would be the 
case if such holder held a Secured Security which was secured on a segregated Collateral Pool 
that did not secure other Series of Secured Securities. 
(c) 
Absence of Collateral Monitoring 
Where Secured Securities are subject to Collateral Monitoring, on each Collateral Test Date, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent (or, where Self-Monitoring is applicable, the Collateral Manager) 
shall verify whether the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to the Required Collateral Value 
for such Collateral Pool, taking into account any Haircut to be applied to the Collateral Assets. 
Where it is not possible to provide such verification, the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor (or 
the Collateral Manager on their behalf) may be required to deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
additional or replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Account such that after such 
adjustment of Collateral Assets the test referred to above will be satisfied. Investors, 
nevertheless, will be exposed to a decline in the Collateral Value prior to any such adjustment. 
Prior to such adjustment there is also a risk that the Collateral Assets may not meet the Eligibility 
Criteria, all of which is expected to impact the value of the Securities. 
Where Secured Securities are not subject to Collateral Monitoring, there will be no on-going 
monitoring of the composition of the Collateral Pool and Securityholders are therefore exposed 
to a decline in the value of the Collateral Assets, possibly to zero (0). 
(d) 
Low Frequency of Collateral Test Dates where Collateral Monitoring is applicable 
In order to ensure that a Series of Secured Securities to which Collateral Monitoring applies is 
collateralised in accordance with its terms, the Collateral Value and the Required Collateral 
Value will be determined on the Issue Date, on each periodic Collateral Test Date thereafter as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and on any additional date which is deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date pursuant to the terms of the Secured Security Conditions. Where Self-
Monitoring is applicable, Collateral Test Dates will not apply unless a Collateral Substitution is 
currently in effect in accordance with the Secured Security Conditions. The lower the frequency 
of the periodic Collateral Test Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and hence the 
greater the period of time in between each such periodic Collateral Test Date the more likely it 
is that upon enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, the proceeds of enforcement that a 
Securityholder will receive or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is 
applicable, the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, will be less than the amounts due to 
Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. Securityholders are 
therefore exposed to a decline in the value of the Securities as a result. 
Where Secured Securities are not subject to Collateral Monitoring, there will be no periodic 
adjustments to the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool during the life of the relevant Secured 
Securities other than on any date which is deemed to be a Collateral Test Date pursuant to the 
terms of the Secured Security Conditions. In this case, if the security created under the relevant 
Pledge Agreement is enforced, the Collateral Assets available for distribution or delivery to

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
57 
 
Securityholders on enforcement, may be less than the amounts due to Securityholders in respect 
of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
(e) 
Substitution of Collateral Assets 
If Collateral Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or 
Third Party Chargor (or the Collateral Manager on their behalf) may withdraw and/or replace 
Collateral Assets from any Collateral Account provided that following such adjustment the 
applicable Collateral Test continues to be satisfied. The Issuer or Third Party Chargor (or the 
Collateral Manager on their behalf) may give instructions for the substitution of Collateral Assets 
any number of times over the term of the Secured Securities and is not required to obtain the 
consent of the Collateral Monitoring Agent (where applicable in relation to a Series of Secured 
Securities) or any other party prior to effecting the proposed substitution of Collateral Assets. 
Until any further adjustments to the Collateral Assets have occurred, the value of Collateral 
Assets held in a Collateral Account securing a Series of Secured Securities may be less than it 
would have been were it not for the substitution of Collateral Assets. 
(f) 
Early redemption or cancellation at the option of the Issuer upon a Collateral Disruption 
Event 
Secured Securities will be subject to Collateral Disruption Events (as defined in the Secured 
Security Conditions) which may increase the possibility (in comparison with Securities, which 
are not secured) of the Secured Securities being redeemed or cancelled early. Upon the 
occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all of the relevant Secured Securities at their Early Redemption 
Amount following the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event. Following the early 
redemption of the Secured Securities, a Securityholder may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an equivalent rate of return to the Secured Securities being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate or in worse investment conditions.  
(g) 
Secured Security Acceleration Event and enforcement of the security 
Following the occurrence of a Secured Security Event of Default, all the Secured Securities of 
the relevant Series may (upon action of a holder of such Secured Securities) become immediately 
due and repayable at their applicable Early Redemption Amount.  
Following such occurrence, a Secured Security Acceleration Event may occur and the 
Securityholders will be entitled to claim for any outstanding amounts due to them in accordance 
with the Secured Security Conditions under the terms of, and subject to, the Guarantee. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) is only obliged to enforce a Pledge 
Agreement after having received a Collateral Enforcement Notice from a Securityholder. A 
Securityholder is only entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement Notice to the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent (as applicable) if neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts 
due to such Securityholder within a determined period following the occurrence of the relevant 
Secured Security Acceleration Event. 
The existence of such period means that there will be a delay between the occurrence of a 
Secured Security Acceleration Event and the enforcement of the corresponding Pledge 
Agreement during which period there may be a depreciation in the value of the relevant 
Collateral Assets, thus reducing the amount available to satisfy the claims of Securityholders 
upon realisation of the Collateral Assets or the value of Collateral Assets available to be 
delivered to the Securityholders. 
Where the Collateral Assets consist of debt securities, shares or other tradable securities, 
liquidation of all the Collateral Assets simultaneously may increase the risk (and accordingly 
affect the value of the Securities) that the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets may be 
less than the sums due to the relevant Securityholders under the relevant Secured Securities

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
58 
 
because liquidation of all the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Pool at the same time could, in 
particular market circumstances, lead to a reduction in the market value of some or all of the 
Collateral Assets. 
(h) 
Entitlement of Securityholders on enforcement and subordination to payment of expenses 
and other payments 
Following the enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the rights of Securityholders to be paid 
amounts from the proceeds of such enforcement and the realisation of the related Collateral 
Assets or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, to be 
delivered Collateral Assets, will be limited to the applicable Early Redemption Amount. 
The Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Secured Security may be equal to its Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount, which is likely to be different from the amount due on the scheduled 
redemption date. The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in respect of a Security will be 
for these purposes an amount equal to the fair market value of the Security (subject to a minimum 
of zero) as at (or about) the date of early redemption, taking into account, without limitation, (i) 
the deduction of the Hedge Amount and (ii) in the case of the Bond Linked Securities, the value 
of the relevant Bond but disregarding (1) the financial condition of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and (2) any collateral which has been, or is required to be, delivered in connection 
with such Security. 
A Securityholder's entitlement to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of any Secured 
Security in respect of which a Secured Security Acceleration Event has occurred will be 
subordinated to and therefore rank behind claims relating to any amounts payable to Secured 
Parties ranking prior to the Securityholders in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and any rights of preference existing by operation of law. 
(i) 
Shortfall on Realisation of Collateral Assets and limited recourse of Securityholders 
The security provided for a Series of Secured Securities is limited to the Collateral Assets 
constituting the Collateral Pool applicable to such Series together with the Issuer's right, benefit, 
interest and title, present and future, in, under and to the Charged Documents (to the extent they 
relate to such Series). The value realised for the Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool 
or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, the value of the 
Collateral Assets delivered, upon enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement may be less 
than the amounts due to Securityholders in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Securities 
and as a result, investors may lose a substantial portion of their investment. The level of risk will 
particularly depend on whether Collateral Monitoring is applicable and the relevant Eligibility 
Criteria. 
The Collateral Assets may suffer a fall in value between the time at which the relevant Pledge 
Agreement becomes enforceable and the time at which the Collateral Assets are realised in full 
or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, delivered. In 
extraordinary circumstances, the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Pool available 
at the time at which a Pledge Agreement becomes enforceable could lose all or a substantial 
proportion of their value by the time of realisation and distribution or delivery, as applicable. 
If there is any shortfall in amounts due to a Securityholder in accordance with the Secured 
Security Conditions then such Securityholder shall have no further claim against the Issuer 
(where such Issuer is Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL), any Third Party 
Chargor or the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) in respect of such amounts 
which remain unpaid following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, payments of nominal and/or interest in respect of the Securities). In such 
a scenario, Securityholders will be able to claim under the terms of the Guarantee against the 
Guarantor for any unpaid amounts and any such shortfall will therefore constitute an unsecured 
claim by such Securityholder against the Guarantor. If the value realised for the Collateral Assets

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
59 
 
or the value of any Collateral Assets delivered is less than the amounts due to the Securityholders 
under their Securities, they will be exposed to the creditworthiness of Crédit Agricole CIB for 
the remaining amount due to them. 
(j) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement 
If Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified in respect of a Series of 
Secured Securities, upon enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent (as applicable) will not sell, or cause to be sold, the Collateral Assets (unless 
there is a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than in order to pay 
any amounts payable to Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Securityholders in 
accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms) but will procure 
delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to each Securityholder in the manner set out in the 
Secured Security Conditions. 
If a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event occurs or exists on the relevant 
Collateral Delivery Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Business Day on which 
there is no Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event. If such Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event continues for a continuous period of 20 Business Days (or 
such other period as specified in the Final Terms) after the original Collateral Delivery Date, the 
Security Trustee, the Security Agent (as applicable) or the Disposal Agent on its behalf will 
procure the sale of such Collateral Assets in lieu of delivery of the relevant Collateral Assets 
Entitlement.  
Any event above described may impact the value of the Securities and the amount received by 
a Securityholder following such sale of Collateral Assets may be lower than the amount, which 
a Securityholder would have received if the relevant Collateral Assets had been delivered to it 
and the Securityholder held the relevant Collateral Assets to the redemption date of such assets 
or sold such assets at a different point in time. 
(k) 
Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Collateral Assets in the event of the insolvency of 
any relevant party 
The insolvency of the Issuer will constitute a Secured Security Event of Default, which may 
trigger early redemption of any Secured Securities issued by the Issuer. In these circumstances, 
or in the event of the insolvency of any Third Party Chargor, the Guarantor or any Collateral 
Arrangement Party (for these purposes, each a relevant party), the realisation of the Collateral 
Assets may be delayed either by the appointment of an insolvency administrator or other 
insolvency official in relation to the relevant party or by measures ordered by a competent court. 
Such delay could adversely affect the position of the Securityholders in the event of a 
depreciation in the value of the Collateral Assets during such period. 
In addition, in the case of an insolvency of a member of the Group, it is possible that the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Collateral Arrangement Parties that are members of the Group may each 
be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead to a delay in the administrative processes involved 
in the realisation of the Collateral Assets and consequently affect the market value of the 
Securities. 
The Disposal Agent and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) are (unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) part of the same group (and one of the Eligible 
Custodians, which could be appointed as the Custodian for a given Series of Secured Securities, 
is also part of the same group) and in the event of the insolvency of one such entity it is possible 
that another of those entities may also be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead to a delay in 
the realisation of the Collateral Assets. The Custodian Terms for each Custodian, the Collateral 
Monitoring Service Terms, the Disposal Agency Agreement, each Security Trust Deed and each 
Secured Security Agreement will contain provisions permitting the replacement of the 
Custodian, Collateral Monitoring Agent, Disposal Agent and Security Trustee or the Security

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
60 
 
Agent (as applicable), as applicable, in certain circumstances, including following insolvency, 
as further provided in such agreements and the Secured Security Conditions. 
Where the Custodian is Euroclear or Clearstream, the Collateral Assets in respect of a Series of 
Secured Securities will be held in a Collateral Account which will be an account in the Euroclear 
system for the account of the Pledgee. The Collateral Account will be subject to a pledge from 
the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor, as the case may be, in favour of the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent (as applicable), which will hold the Collateral Assets in the Collateral 
Account as trustee or agent (as applicable) for amongst others, the Securityholders. In the event 
that the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) defaults on its obligations as 
security trustee, the Collateral Assets will be returned to the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor. 
In such circumstances, the Securityholders would cease to benefit from security over any 
Collateral Assets in the Collateral Account until such time as a replacement Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent (as applicable) is appointed. Pending the appointment of a replacement 
Security Trustee, there is no obligation on the Issuer or the Third Party Chargor to hold such 
Collateral Assets in a segregated account for the Securityholders or otherwise provide collateral 
for the Issuer's obligations in respect of the relevant Secured Securities. 
(l) 
Non-Placed Security Notification Error 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Crédit Agricole 
CIB (including in, but not limited to, its capacity as a market maker) may waive its rights to 
receive the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Secured Securities (or 
where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets Series Entitlement) following the 
enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement. As a consequence, the Required Collateral Value 
shall only take into account the value of the Secured Securities that have not been subject to such 
waiver and this may affect the value of the Securities. 
Upon any transfer of Non-Placed Securities, the holders thereof shall notify the Collateral 
Manager. The Collateral Business Day following such notification will be deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date and on such date the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall determine the 
revised Required Collateral Value and any required adjustments to the Collateral Assets 
necessary to ensure that the Collateral Test will be satisfied. Until any such adjustments to the 
Collateral Assets have occurred, the value of Collateral Assets held in the Collateral Account 
may be less than the Required Collateral Value. 
If the number of Non-Placed Securities actually held on a Collateral Test Date is less than the 
number of Non-Placed Securities notified to the Collateral Manager (such event being a Non-
Placed Security Notification Error), then the Required Collateral Value calculated on such 
Collateral Test Date will be lower than would otherwise be the case if there was no such Non-
Placed Notification Error. If the relevant security were to be enforced prior to the correction of 
a Non-Placed Security Notification Error, the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets 
available to be distributed, or where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is 
applicable the value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered, to Securityholders will be 
less than would have been the case in the absence of such Non-Placed Security Notification 
Error. Investors return and the value of the Securities may accordingly be impacted. 
5.22. 
Risks related to Green and Social Securities 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Securities may provide that such Securities will 
constitute Green Securities which will be issued in accordance with the Green Bond Framework of the 
Crédit Agricole S.A. group (the Crédit Agricole Group) or Social Securities which will be issued in 
accordance with the Social Bond Framework of the Crédit Agricole Group. In such case, it will be the 
relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of such Securities 
to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social 
Assets, as described in the relevant Final Terms, and in the Green Bond Framework and Social Bond

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
61 
 
Framework respectively, as applicable, which are generally new or existing investments (including loans) 
relating to certain categories of environmentally or socially beneficial or sustainable projects.  
The classification or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of a “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or 
equivalently labelled project is still under development. Concerning environmentally, sustainable or 
“green” investments, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) was adopted by the Council and the European 
Parliament on 18 June 2020. The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification 
system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a common language for 
determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change 
mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no 
significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. 
However, the EU Taxonomy Regulation or the Commission Delegated Regulation specified above 
remain subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities and other 
environmental objectives.  
As a result, the definition of a "green" project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives 
related to climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project 
to qualify as a "green" project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of 
finalisation. However, there is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or 
market consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as 
"social" or "sustainable" project or a project labelled as equivalent. 
Accordingly, a green, social or sustainable project, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the 
Securities are to be applied may, for reasons beyond the relevant Issuer’s control, not meet investors’ 
expectations regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled or 
categorized performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation). Also 
adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts may occur during the implementation of any green, 
social or sustainable project. In addition, whilst a project may be satisfactorily green, social or sustainable 
at the time an investment is made or funding is provided, it may not continue to meet the requirements or 
expectations over time, including because of matters related to the project itself and/or because of matters 
related to advancements in scientific understandings or legislative developments. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Securities or Social 
Securities in, or substantially in, the manner described in the "Use of Proceeds" section, for reasons 
beyond the relevant Issuer’s control, the relevant green, social or sustainable project or activity associated 
with the applicable Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as the case may be, may not be capable 
of being implemented in, or substantially in the manner anticipated and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and, accordingly, the proceeds of the relevant Green Securities or Social Securities may not be 
in whole or in part disbursed for such projects. Any such green, social or sustainability related project (or 
combination of them) may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the relevant Issuer, and the project (or any project(s) 
resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Securities 
or Social Securities) may be disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the relevant Issuer and any 
actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which 
proceeds of the Securities may have been applied and the relevant Securities, will not: (i) give rise to any 
claim of a Securityholder against the relevant Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant 
Securities; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem such Securities or be a relevant 
factor for the relevant Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Securities. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Securities or Social Securities as intended, any 
withdrawal of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such opinion 
or certification or any change to the Green Bond Framework or the Social Bond Framework, as

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
62 
 
applicable, of the Crédit Agricole Group may have an adverse effect on the value of Green Securities or 
Social Securities, and may result in adverse consequences for Securityholders, including those who have 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
5.23. 
Risks related to Partly Paid Securities 
The relevant Issuer may issue Securities where the issue price is payable in more than one part payment 
by the investor. Failure by the investor to pay any subsequent part payment could result in an investor 
losing some or all of his, her or its investment. 
5.24. 
Risk related to sustainability 
"Sustainability risk" is an environmental, social or governance event or condition (including, but not 
limited to, environmental risks including those arising from climate change which may be physical risks 
or risks associated with the transition to net zero, natural resource depletion, environmental degradation 
and loss of biodiversity, social risks including those arising from diverse stakeholder expectations, social 
inequality, human rights issues and population displacement and governance risks including management 
and reporting failures or legal and compliance breaches) that, if it occurs, could cause an actual or 
potential material negative impact on the value of an investment. Sustainability risk can arise regardless 
of whether an investment is designated as "sustainable", "social", "green" or an equivalent label and the 
relevant event or condition may cause an impact in relation to the Issuer, the Securities and any 
Underlying(s), including an underlying index or price source which is connected to the value or interest 
payable in respect of the Securities. However, sustainability risk should be given particular weight when 
assessing Securities relating to Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets.  
In addition, sustainability risk may increase the volatility and/or magnify pre-existing risks in respect of 
the Securities, the Issuer and/or any Underlying(s), including indices or price sources. Sustainability risk 
may be particularly acute if it occurs in an unanticipated or sudden manner and may cause investors to 
reconsider the suitability of their investment in the Securities, creating further downward pressure on the 
value of the Securities.  
Evolving laws, regulations and industry norms (both among Member States and internationally) may 
impact the sustainability of the Issuer, the Securities and any Underlying(s), particularly in respect of 
environmental and social factors. Any changes to such measures could have a negative impact on the 
Issuer, the Securities or the Underlying(s) which may result in a material loss in value. Relevant events 
or conditions which give rise to sustainability risk may not be specific to the Issuer, the Securities or the 
Underlying(s) and may arise in respect of a specific country, region or globally, therefore adversely 
impacting markets and issuers across several countries or regions.  
Evolving laws, regulations and industry norms (both among the Member States and internationally) may 
also impact the sustainability of the Issuer, the Securities and any Underlying(s) by altering the conditions 
that must be achieved for a product to be deemed "sustainable", "social", "green" or equivalent. As such, 
any green or social project, towards which proceeds of the Securities are to be applied, may, for reasons 
beyond the relevant Issuer’s control, not meet investor expectations regarding any "sustainable", "social", 
"green" or equivalent performance objectives, including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and/or the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 
2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the EuGB Regulation).  
Assessment of sustainability risk requires subjective judgements, which may include consideration of 
sustainability-related data, including third party data that is incomplete or inaccurate. Therefore, adverse 
social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts may occur during the implementation of any green or 
social (or combination of any green and social) or sustainable project. Any opinion or certification given 
in connection with the Issuer, the Securities and/or the Underlying(s) by a third party or as a result of 
third party data may not be suitable or reliable for any purpose. This includes opinions and certifications 
relating to Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets, Green Securities or Social Securities. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
63 
 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, nor should any such opinion or certification be deemed to be a 
recommendation by any party to buy, sell or hold any Securities or other products. All Securities, whether 
or not they are specifically identified as "sustainable", "social", "green" or an equivalent label, are exposed 
to sustainability risks to a varying degree.

--- Page 64 ---
Outstanding Non-Exempt Offers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
64 
 
OUTSTANDING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS THAT GO BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Under this Base Prospectus, Non-exempt Offers of Securities which are indicated in the table below have been 
started or continued on the basis of the Base Prospectus of the Issuers dated 10 May 2023 for the Programme (the 
2023 Base Prospectus) and may be continued after the end of the validity of the 2023 Base Prospectus. 
ISIN 
Country 
Issuer 
Non-exempt Offer name 
Date of the 
beginning of the 
Non-exempt Offer 
Date of the end of 
the Non-exempt 
Offer 
Publication of 
Final Terms and 
Summary 
XS2707001017 
Poland 
CACIB FS 
Green –102%Capital 
Protected Bull Note on 
Solactive Transatlantic 
Artificial Intelligence 60 
EUR Index 4% ARIndex 
25/03/2024 
18/05/2024 
Final Terms: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=75329a40-
4f4f-4d59-a318-
b48b4b540458 
 
Summary: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=8a8c15cf-
af61-4aed-bd2e-
ffc632481d37 
 
XS2738053466 
Austria 
CACIB FS 
Crédit Agricole Multi 
Memory Express Anleihe 
Österreich 24 - 29 
17/04/2024 
14/05/2024 
Final Terms: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=6758c984-
4d0a-4604-85f6-
abf5a24f4231 
 
Summary: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=18f0b295-
8841-4142-aa67-
7eec85b9d912  
 
XS2738059075 Germany 
CACIB FS 
- 
22/04/2024 
17/05/2024 
Final Terms: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=aa91efe0-
0626-4784-8828-
6f0e73063440 
 
Summary: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=6e76c75b-
dac7-4510-bfc7-
4729f6c2e4fc

--- Page 65 ---
Outstanding Non-Exempt Offers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
65 
 
 
SE0021924404 
Sweden 
CACIB FL 
- 
19/04/2024 
23/05/2024 
Final Terms: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=6ef66c2a-
1276-446a-89bf-
66acbab8de20 
 
Summary: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=74bf5b40-
857e-4ef1-a19a-
a2f560ba1bfe 
 
XS2738071872 
Austria 
CACIB FS 
Crédit Agricole MSCI 
World Garant 24-31 
30/04/2024 
29/05/2024 
Final Terms: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=28b2cdfa-
c1cd-4e44-9d3e-
faf007c6f968 
 
Summary: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=f100506e-
c3e4-4115-b26e-
fb502021b510 
 
XS2738080782 
Hungary 
CACIB FS 
Credit Agricole Protect 
Express One Star Premium 
Care EUR 24-27 
03/05/2024 
31/05/2024 
Final Terms: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=673ec56a-
660e-402e-a09c-
58e50549c64a 
 
Summary: 
https://www.docu
mentation.ca-
cib.com/Document
/DownloadDocum
ent?id=b39b05f3-
f654-41c3-a05e-
a120d4f0eaf9

--- Page 66 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
66 
 
RETAIL CASCADES 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuers have not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuers have not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuers is 
unauthorised and none of the Issuers nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers accepts 
any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer (as such term is defined below), an investor is offered Securities by a 
person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the potential investor should check with such person whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person 
is. If a potential investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents, such investor should take legal advice. 
In the context of any offer of Securities from time to time in Austria, Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Croatia, 
Luxembourg, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Portugal, the Netherlands, Finland, Romania, 
Slovak Republic, Sweden or Spain (the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions) that is not made within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer), the relevant 
Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph 2 below) offers to grant its consent, to the use of this Base 
Prospectus as so supplemented in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of any Securities during the offer period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period) and in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms by: 
1. 
if Specific Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any financial intermediary named therein (the Initial Authorised Offeror), subject to the 
relevant conditions set out in such Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/PublicFinalTerm?region=EU and identified as an "Additional Authorised Offeror" (the 
Additional Authorised Offeror) in respect of the Non-exempt Offer; and/or 
2. 
if General Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any financial intermediary (the General 
Authorised Offeror) which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II, including under any 
applicable implementing measure in each relevant jurisdiction and (b) accepts the relevant Issuer's offer 
of consent by, publishing on its website or on the website of the Initial Authorised Offeror (if any) that it 
is using this Base Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of the relevant 
Issuer and that it accepts the Authorised Offeror Terms set out below relating to the use of the consent 
and the other conditions attached thereto. 
Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and agrees, represents, 
warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer of the Securities: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the Rules) from time to time 
including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or 
suitability of any investment in the Securities by any person and disclosure to any potential 
investor and will immediately inform the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and the 
Dealers if at any time such financial intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be 
in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply 
with such Rules in all aspects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer;

--- Page 67 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
67 
 
(c) 
consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
ensure that any fee or rebate (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Securities does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or 
potential investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation 
of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Securities under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with and takes appropriate steps in relation to applicable anti-money laundering, fight 
against terrorism, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules (including taking 
appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each 
potential investor prior to initial investment in any Securities by the potential investor), and will 
not permit any application for the Securities in circumstances where the financial intermediary 
has any suspicion as to the source of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer(s), the Guarantor, as applicable, and the relevant Issuers or 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the relevant Issuers, the Guarantor, 
as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the relevant Issuers, the Guarantor, 
as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, fight against 
terrorism, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuers 
and/or the relevant Dealer(s); 
(h) 
ensure it does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as may 
be amended or supplemented by the Issuers from time to time) and the applicable Final Terms 
or make any representation in connection with the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of 
interest in, the Securities; 
(i) 
agree that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any announcement 
published by the Issuer at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with this Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Final Terms, and (in any case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in 
compliance with the Rules and must state that such General Authorised Offeror has provided it 
independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the Issuer has not accepted any 
responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(j) 
ensure that no holder of Securities or potential investor in Securities shall become an indirect or 
direct client of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any 
applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by 
the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary 
shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(k) 
co-operate with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and the relevant Dealer in 
providing any information (including without limitation documents and records maintained 
pursuant to paragraph (g) above) upon written request from the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, 
as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer as is available to such financial intermediary or which 
is within its power and control from time to time together with such further assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and/or the relevant Dealer in 
connection with any request or investigation by any regulator, any complaint received in relation 
to the Securities or which the relevant Issuer, Guarantor and/or the relevant Dealer may require 
to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements as soon as is reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any regulator or regulatory process 
pursuant to which such information has been requested by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer;

--- Page 68 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
68 
 
(l) 
during the primary distribution period of the Securities: (i) not sell the Securities at any price 
other than the Issue Price (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) not sell the 
Securities otherwise than for settlement on the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms); and (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant 
Dealer); 
(m) 
make available to each potential investor in the Securities this Base Prospectus (as supplemented 
as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable information 
booklet provided by the relevant Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any 
information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(n) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus, the applicable 
Final terms or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer, ensure that such communication (i) is fair, clear and not misleading 
and complies with the Rules, (ii) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the relevant Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as 
applicable, nor the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and (iii) 
does not, without the prior written consent of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, 
or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo registered by 
an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a 
proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer or the Guarantor as guarantor of the 
Securities on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
(o) 
agree and undertake to indemnify each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as applicable, and 
the relevant Dealer (in each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, 
employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, 
charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any 
defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of 
them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, 
including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure 
by such financial intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the 
making by such financial intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use 
by it of any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant Dealer; 
(p) 
agree and accept that: 
(i) 
the contract between the relevant Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the relevant Issuer's offer to use this Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the 
Authorised Offeror Contract), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law; 
(ii) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer and each relevant Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised

--- Page 69 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
69 
 
Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the 
financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms; 
(q) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, as 
applicable, or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or subject the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, as applicable, or the relevant Dealer(s) to any requirement to obtain or make any 
filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and 
(r) 
satisfy any further conditions specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case for so long as they are authorised to make such offers under MiFID II. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in 1 and 2 above are together referred to herein as Authorised Offerors. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers, the Guarantor or the Issuers shall have any obligation to ensure 
that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability in 
this respect. 
The Issuers accept responsibility, in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) in such Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
to whom an offer of any Securities is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made in compliance 
with all the conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus and/or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. However, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within twelve (12) months from the date 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF. 
In the event the applicable Final Terms designate Authorised Offeror(s) to whom the Issuers have given its 
consent to use this Base Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuers may also give consent to Additional 
Authorised Offeror(s) so long as they are authorised to make such offers under MiFID II (also an Authorised 
Offeror) after the date of the applicable Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information 
in relation to such Additional Authorised Offeror(s) who are unknown at the time of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the applicable Final Terms at https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/PublicFinalTerm?region=EU.  
If the Final Terms specify that General Consent is applicable, any General Authorised Offeror is required, 
for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website or on the website of the Initial 
Authorised Offeror (if any) that it is using this Base Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt Offer with the 
consent of the Issuers and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of 
any Non-exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base 
Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Securities. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Securities from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and 
sales of the Securities to a potential investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such potential investor including as to price 
allocations and settlement arrangements (the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The Issuers will 
not be a party to any such arrangements with potential investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer 
or sale of the Securities and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not, and any applicable Final Terms will not, 
contain such information and a potential investor must obtain such information from the Authorised Offeror. The 
Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to potential investors by that Authorised

--- Page 70 ---
Retail Cascades 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
70 
 
Offeror at the time the Non-exempt Offer is made. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers or 
other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 71 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
71 
 
USER'S GUIDE 
 
TO THE 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS 
and 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
Capitalised terms used in this User's Guide are defined in the Definitions Conditions of the Base Prospectus or in the 
particular section where the capitalised terms are first used herein. Definitions are designated by the capitalised term being 
in bold text.

--- Page 72 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
72 
 
OVERVIEW OF THIS USER'S GUIDE 
This User's Guide aims to: 
 
Provide potential investors with an overview of the principal documentation relating to Securities issued 
pursuant to the Programme. (Please refer to the section of this User's Guide entitled Documentation (see 
page 73). 
 
Help potential investors understand how the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, that are set out in 
the Base Prospectus and split into different sections, are structured. (Please refer to the section of this 
User's Guide entitled Structure of the Terms and Conditions (see page 77). 
 
Help potential investors identify and navigate the sections of the Terms and Conditions that may be 
relevant to a particular Series of Securities and the circumstances in which a particular Series of Securities 
may be subject to Early Redemption. (Please refer to the remaining sections of this User's Guide.) 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS USER'S GUIDE DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A GUIDE TO THE TERMS OF EACH SERIES 
OF SECURITIES OR A GUIDE AS TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ANY ONE 
SERIES OF SECURITIES. THIS USER'S GUIDE IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY THE 
DETAILED CONTENTS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS (AS THE SAME MAY BE SUPPLEMENTED 
FROM TIME TO TIME) AND, IN RELATION TO ANY PARTICULAR SERIES OF SECURITIES, THE 
APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (AS COMPLETED BY THE APPLICABLE FINAL 
TERMS). AS SUCH, IT IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR READING THE BASE PROSPECTUS (AS THE 
SAME MAY BE SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) AND THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, 
THAT PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD READ AND ENSURE THEY UNDERSTAND BEFORE 
MAKING ANY DECISION TO INVEST IN SECURITIES. 
THE CROSS-REFERENCES PROVIDED IN THIS USER'S GUIDE ARE ONLY AN INDICATION OF 
THE MAIN SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE SUBJECT MATTER BEING 
DESCRIBED. THIS DOES NOT PRECLUDE OTHER SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND/OR THE FINAL TERMS HAVING A BEARING ON THE RETURN DUE TO INVESTORS OR 
THEIR RIGHTS UNDER THE SECURITIES AND THIS USER'S GUIDE SHOULD BE READ IN THIS 
LIGHT. 
SECURITIES CAN BE VOLATILE INSTRUMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND FULLY THE NATURE OF THE SECURITIES AND 
MUST BE FULLY PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A TOTAL LOSS OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES.

--- Page 73 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
73 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE 
Introduction 
Various types of Securities may be issued under the Programme and these are described in more detail in the Base 
Prospectus. Potential investors should read and ensure they understand the suite of documentation pursuant to 
which different types of Securities will be offered pursuant to the Base Prospectus. An overview of the 
documentation is set out below. 
Documentation 
 
The Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus contains information regarding: 
 
the form of the Securities; 
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 
 
the Issuers and the Guarantor; 
 
the principal risks associated with an investment in the Securities. 
The Base Prospectus may be supplemented by the Issuers. As such, potential investors should ensure that when 
reviewing the Base Prospectus, they also review each supplement (if any) to the Base Prospectus. Potential 
investors should also be aware that some information in the Base Prospectus is incorporated into it by reference 
and therefore may need to be accessed separately. 
 
Final Terms 
The Final Terms set out information specific to a particular Series of Securities and complete the contractual terms 
and conditions for that Series of Securities. In certain cases, summary information relating to the Issuer and the 
Securities will be appended to the Final Terms in what is referred to as an "Issue Specific Summary".  
 
The Guarantees 
Where Securities are issued by Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions or Crédit Agricole CIB Finance 
Luxembourg S.A., they will be guaranteed by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank pursuant to a 
guarantee governed by English, Irish or French law as applicable, the forms of which are set out from page 934, 
939 and 944, respectively, of the Base Prospectus.  
 
Documentation relating to Secured Securities 
The Issuers have entered into the additional documents pursuant to which Secured Securities can be issued under 
the Programme. Further detail on these documents is set out in the section below entitled "Secured Securities". 
 
The Agency Agreement 
The Issuers have entered into an agency agreement (the Agency Agreement) pursuant to which they have 
appointed (i) in respect of Securities for which "English Law" or "Irish Law" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch and (ii) in respect of Securities for which "French Law" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, Crédit Agricole CIB, to act as their agents in performing certain operational duties 
in connection with the Securities. The Agency Agreement also includes the form of certain notices that may be 
delivered either to or from Securityholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of a Series of Securities. 
 
The Programme Agreement 
The Issuers have entered into a programme agreement pursuant to which they have agreed with the Dealers referred 
to in the Base Prospectus the terms on which they will issue and subscribe for Securities, respectively.

--- Page 74 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
74 
 
 
The Deed of Covenant 
The Issuers have entered into deeds of covenant, governed by English law or Irish law as applicable, pursuant to 
which Securityholders will, subject to the conditions thereof and the terms and conditions of the Securities, be 
contractually entitled to take proceedings against the relevant Issuer in the event that the Securities have become 
due and repayable but have not been repaid in full and become void as a consequence.

--- Page 75 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
75 
 
How to navigate into the Base Prospectus 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
RISK FACTORS 
RETAIL CASCADES 
BASE PROSPECTUS -USER GUIDE 
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES  
GENERAL CONDITIONS  
DEFINITIONS CONDITIONS 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
 
Sections which provide 
general information on the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuers 
and the Securities 
ANNEX 1 – ASSET CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 11 – PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
Sections applying to the 
Securities depending on the 
Underlying asset(s) of the 
Securities. 
 
 
 
ANNEX 2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS  
ANNEX 3 – BOND LINKED CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 10 – SECURED SECURITY CONDITIONS 
 
Sections applying to the 
Securities depending on the 
Credit Risk of the Securities 
 
 
 
ANNEX 4 – ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 5 – STANDARD PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 6 – COMBINATION PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 7 – PAYOFF FEATURE CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 8 – EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER CONDITIONS 
ANNEX 9 – REDEMPTION METHOD CONDITIONS 
 
Sections setting out various 
redemption/payoff formulae 
for structured Securities 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
 
Section 
relating 
to 
the 
Issuers 
 
 
 
>

--- Page 76 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
76 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB-ASSOCIATED 
INDICES  
 
Section relating to custom 
indices 
 
 
 
FORM OF ENGLISH GUARANTEE 
FORM OF IRISH GUARANTEE 
FORM OF FRENCH GUARANTEE 
 
Sections relevant to the 
Securities depending on the 
Issuer or depending on 
Guarantor of the Securities 
 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
TAXATION 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Sections providing 
additional information 
 
 
 
 
>

--- Page 77 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
77 
 
STRUCTURE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
The chart below illustrates the various sets of terms and conditions that may be relevant to Securities issued under 
the Programme. The section of this User's Guide entitled Additional Terms and Conditions contains further 
information on the different sets of optional terms and conditions referred to in the diagram. 
Terms and Conditions 
General Conditions (including standard interest provision)  
Definitions Conditions 
Alternative Currency Conditions 
Interest & 
Payoff 
Structured 
Interest 
Interest  
Combination Interest Payoff Conditions (Annex 6, Part A)  
Standard Interest Payoff Conditions (Annex 5, Part A)  
Payoff 
Payoff Feature Conditions (Annex 7) 
Redemption 
Standard Redemption Payoff Conditions (Annex 5, Part A, Part B) 
Combination Redemption Payoff Conditions (Annex 6, Part B)  
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions (Annex 8)  
Preference Share Linked Securities (Annex 11)  
Redemption Method Conditions (Annex 9)  
Fallbacks 
related 
to 
the 
Underlying 
Product-
specific 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Asset Linked Conditions (Annex 1): 
 
Commodities: Chapter 1 (please see pages 406-414 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
Indices: Chapter 2 (please see pages 415-427 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
FX Rates: Chapter 3 (please see pages 428-445 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
Inflation Indices: Chapter 4 (please see pages 446-451 of the 
Base Prospectus) 
 
Benchmark Rates: Chapter 5 (please see pages 452-462 of the 
Base Prospectus) 
 
ETFs: Chapter 6 (please see pages 463-485 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
Shares: Chapter 7 (please see pages 486-516 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
Funds: Chapter 8 (please see pages 517-534 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
Futures: Chapter 9 (please see pages 545-572 of the Base 
Prospectus) 
 
Multi-Asset Baskets: Chapter 10 (please see pages 594-601 of 
the Base Prospectus)

--- Page 78 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
78 
 
Credit Exposure 
Credit Linked Conditions (Annex 2) 
Secured Security Conditions (Annex 10) 
Bond Linked Conditions (Annex 3) 
Sections of the Terms and Conditions underlined will apply in respect of each Series of Securities. The rest of the 
Sections of the Terms and Conditions are optional and may or may not be applicable to a particular Series of 
Securities.

--- Page 79 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
79 
 
THE FINAL TERMS 
A Final Terms document is prepared in connection with each Series of Securities for the purposes of setting out 
the elections that complete the Terms and Conditions applicable to that Series of Securities and to provide certain 
issue-specific and related information. 
The Final Terms is split into two parts (Part A and Part B). The diagram below summarises the broad function of 
Part A and Part B of the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Securities and provides an overview of the different 
sections of those two parts. 
Part A 
Part B 
 
Elections relating to Preference 
Share Linked Linked Securities (if 
applicable) 
General Elections relating to the 
Securities  
Elections relating to Interest 
Elections relating to Redemption 
Other Elections which complete the 
General Conditions and any 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
Elections relating to Credit Linked 
Securities (if applicable) 
Elections relating to Bond Linked 
Securities (if applicable) 
Elections relating to Secured 
Linked Securities (if applicable) 
Ratings 
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved 
Reasons for the Offer, estimated 
net proceeds and total expenses 
Yield of the Securities 
Performance of Underlying 
Part B: Specific 
disclosure in 
respect of the 
Securities 
Part A: Elections 
which complete 
the Terms and 
Conditions of the 
Securities 
Distribution 
Operational Information 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
Listing and admission to trading 
Additional details may be 
completed in an Annex to the Final 
Terms 
Elections relating to the 
Underlying(s) (if applicable)

--- Page 80 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
80 
 
INTEREST 
Interest on Securities may be determined by reference to a fixed rate or a floating rate or may be structured as a 
zero coupon security, which effectively bears interest by being issued at a discount to its face value. For the 
purposes of this User's Guide, Securities of this type are referred to as Securities that bear General Interest. 
Securities may alternatively bear interest determined by reference to an Underlying Asset and/or by reference to a 
formula. For the purposes of this User's Guide, Securities of this type are referred to as Securities that bear 
Structured Interest. 
The table below summarises the sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus that will be 
relevant to holders of Securities bearing General Interest or Structured Interest.  
Securities bearing General Interest 
 
Securities bearing Structured Interest 
Fixed Rate Securities 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities is determined 
principally by reference to: 
 
Floating Rate Securities 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities is 
determined principally by reference to: 
 
Zero Coupon Securities 
Interest on Zero Coupon Securities is 
determined principally by reference to: 
 
 
Understanding 
how 
Structured 
Interest 
is 
determined 
Structured Interest will be determined by reference to 
one or more Underlying Assets. 
Information relating to the Underlying Asset(s) will 
be specified in paragraph 23 of the Final Terms. 
Paragraph 23 is split into various sub-paragraphs that 
relate to different types of Underlying Assets. The 
terms and conditions relating to Underlying Assets are 
set out in separate chapters in Annex 1 (the Asset 
Conditions). 
The calculation used to determine the Structured 
Interest will be either a Standard Interest Payoff or 
based on one or more Standard Interest Payoffs and 
certain other factors (a Combination Interest 
Payoff). 
The terms and conditions used to determine the 
various Standard Interest Payoffs are set out in 
separate chapters in Part A of Annex 5 (the Standard 
Interest Payoff Conditions). 
The terms and conditions used to determine the 
various Combination Interest Payoffs are set out in 
separate chapters in Part A of Annex 6 (the 
Combination Interest Payoff Conditions). 
Information relating to the Combination Interest 
Payoff (if any) will be set out in paragraph 12(h) of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Information relating to the Standard Interest Payoff(s) 
(if any) will be set out in paragraph 12(i) of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed 
Rate Securities) 
The elections specified in paragraph 10 of 
the applicable Final Terms 
+ 
General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Securities) 
The elections specified in paragraph 11 of 
the applicable Final Terms 
+ 
General Condition 4.4 (Interest on Zero 
Coupon Securities) and 4.7 (Cessation of 
Accrual of Interest) 
The election specified in paragraph 13 
"Zero Coupon Security" of the applicable 
Final Terms 
+ 
General Condition 4.3 (Interest on Linked 
Interest Securities) 
The elections specified in paragraphs 12 
and 23 of the Final Terms. 
+

--- Page 81 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
81 
 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO STANDARD INTEREST 
PAYOFFS 
The table below lists each of the Standard Interest Payoffs that may apply to Securities issued under the Programme 
and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions can be 
found in the Base Prospectus. 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of 
the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference in 
the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Standard Fixed Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 1 
693 
Paragraph 
12(i)(i) 
Standard Floating Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 2 
694 
Paragraph 
12(i)(ii) 
Standard Floater Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 3 
695 
Paragraph 
12(i)(iii) 
Standard Inverse Floater 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 4 
697 
Paragraph 
12(i)(iv) 
Standard 
Participation 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 5 
699 
Paragraph 
12(i)(v) 
Standard Range Accrual 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 6 
700 
Paragraph 
12(i)(vi) 
Standard Power Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 7 
704 
Paragraph 
12(i)(vii) 
Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 8 
706 
Paragraph 
12(i)(viii) 
Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 9 
708 
Paragraph 
12(i)(ix) 
Standard ABF Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 10 
712 
Paragraph 
12(i)(x)

--- Page 82 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
82 
 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of 
the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference in 
the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual 
Performance 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 11 
716 
Paragraph 
12(i)(xi) 
Standard 
Digital/Performance 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 12 
718 
Paragraph 
12(i)(xii) 
Standard 
Performance 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 13 
720 
Paragraph 
12(i)(xiii) 
Standard Steepener With 
Reserve Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 14 
721 
Paragraph 
12(i)(xiv) 
Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 15 
725 
Paragraph 
12(i)(xv) 
Standard 
Fixed 
Daily 
Interest 
Standard Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 5, 
Part A, 
Chapter 16 
728 
Paragraph 
12(i)(xvi)

--- Page 83 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
83 
 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO COMBINATION INTEREST 
PAYOFFS 
The table below lists each of the Combination Interest Payoffs that may apply to Securities issued under the 
Programme and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions 
can be found in the Base Prospectus. 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant section 
of the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference 
in the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of 
the Final 
Terms 
Combination 
Addition 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 1 
754 
Paragraph 
12(h)(i) 
Combination 
Capitalisation Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 2 
756 
Paragraph 
12(h)(ii) 
Combination 
Digital 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 3 
758 
Paragraph 
12(h)(iii) 
Combination 
Division 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 4 
760 
Paragraph 
12(h)(iv) 
Combination 
Multiplication Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 5 
762 
Paragraph 
12(h)(v) 
Combination 
Ratchet 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 6 
764 
Paragraph 
12(h)(vi) 
Combination 
Range 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 7 
766 
Paragraph 
12(h)(vii) 
Combination Snowrange 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 8 
769 
Paragraph 
12(h)(viii) 
Combination 
Subtract 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 9 
772 
Paragraph 
12(h)(ix) 
Combination Maximum 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 10 
774 
Paragraph 
12(h)(x) 
Combination Minimum 
Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 11 
776 
Paragraph 
12(h)(xi) 
Combination 
Payoff-
Linked Digital Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 12 
778 
Paragraph 
12(h)(xii) 
Combination 
Ladder 
Ratchet Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 13 
779 
Paragraph 
12(h)(xiii) 
Combination 
Digital 
Performance Interest 
Combination 
Payoff 
Interest 
Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 14 
781 
Paragraph 
12(h)(xiv)

--- Page 84 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
84 
 
 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO INTEREST PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
The table below lists each of the Interest Payoff Features that may apply to Securities issued under the Programme 
and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions can be 
found in the Base Prospectus. 
Payoff 
Type of 
payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant section 
of the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference 
in the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of 
the Final 
Terms 
Issuer Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 2 
819 
Paragraph 14 
Knock-out Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 3 
823 
Paragraph 14 
Target Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 4 
825 
Paragraph 14 
Memory 
Interest 
Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 5 
827 
Paragraph 14 
Dual 
Currency 
(Interest) 
Payoff Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 6 
829 
Paragraph 14 
Reset Option Interest Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 7 
830 
Paragraph 14 
Single Interest Payment Date 
Payoff Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 8 
834 
Paragraph 14 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Interest 
Switch 
Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 9 
835 
Paragraph 14 
Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in 
Interest 
Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 10 
837 
Paragraph 14 
Global Cap Interest Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 11 
840 
Paragraph 14 
Global Floor Interest Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 12 
841 
Paragraph 14 
Reserve 
Interest 
Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part A, 
Chapter 13 
842 
Paragraph 14 
Additive 
Payoff 
Feature 
Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest  
Annex 7, Part C, 
Chapter 1 
842 
Paragraph 14

--- Page 85 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
85 
 
Currency Performance Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest  
Annex 7, Part D, 
Chapter 1 
842 
Paragraph 14  
Bond Switch Option Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Interest 
Annex 7, Part E, 
Chapter 1 
842 
Paragraph 14

--- Page 86 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
86 
 
REDEMPTION 
A Series of Securities may be redeemed on its scheduled redemption date or in scheduled instalments by repayment 
of the nominal amount outstanding in respect of such Series of Securities (subject to certain adjustments, as set 
out in the applicable Terms and Conditions). For the purposes of this User's Guide, Securities of this type are 
referred to as Securities that are subject to General Redemption. A Series of Securities may alternatively be 
redeemed on its scheduled redemption date or in scheduled instalments by payment of an amount determined by 
reference to an Underlying Asset and/or a formula. For the purposes of this User's Guide, Securities of this type 
are referred to as Securities that are subject to Structured Redemption. 
The table below summarises the sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus that will be 
relevant to holders of Securities subject to General Redemption or Structured Redemption.  
Securities subject to General 
Redemption 
 Securities subject to Structured Redemption 
The 
amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
is 
determined 
principally by reference to: 
 The amount payable on redemption is determined principally by reference to: 
 
 
+ 
 
 
 
+ 
 
+ 
 
+ 
 
 
Understanding how Structured Redemption is determined 
 
Structured Redemption amounts will be determined by reference to one or 
more Underlying Assets. 
 
Information relating the Underlying Asset(s) will be specified in paragraph 
23 of the Final Terms. Paragraph 23 is split into various sub-paragraphs that 
relate to different types of Underlying Assets. The terms and conditions 
relating to Underlying Assets are set out in separate chapters in Annex 1 
(the Asset Conditions). 
 
The calculation used to determine a Structured Redemption amount will be 
either (1) a Standard Redemption Payoff, (2) based on one or more Standard 
Redemption Payoffs and certain other factors (a Primary Combination 
Redemption Payoff) or (3) based on one or more Standard Redemption 
Payoffs, one or more Primary Combination Redemption Payoffs and certain 
other factors (a Combination Redemption Payoff). 
 
The terms and conditions used to determine the various Standard 
Redemption Payoffs are set out in separate chapters in Part B of Annex 5 
(the Standard Redemption Payoff Conditions). 
 
The terms and conditions used to determine the various Combination 
Redemption Payoffs are set out in separate chapters in Part B of Annex 6 
(the Combination Redemption Payoff Conditions). 
 
Information relating to the Combination Redemption Payoff (if any) will be 
set out in paragraph 16(i)(i)(A) of the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Information relating to the Standard Redemption Payoff(s) (if any) will be 
set out in paragraph 16(i)(i)(B) of the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
 
The elections specified in paragraphs 16 and 23 of the applicable Final Terms 
Redemption Method Condition 3 (Performance Redemption) or 4 (Growth 
Redemption) of Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions) 
The elections specified in 
paragraph 16 of the applicable 
Final Terms 
Redemption 
Method 
Condition 2 
(Standard 
Redemption) 
of 
Annex 9 
(Redemption 
Method 
General 
Condition 
6.1 
(Redemption by Instalments 
and Final Redemption) 
General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption)

--- Page 87 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
87 
 
REDEMPTION METHOD 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Security that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts (such Securities being Instalment Securities) shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the relevant Instalment Amount corresponding to such Instalment Date. 
For Standard and Structured Redemption Products there are 3 different formulas set out below to choose from 
depending on the product. 
 
Paragraph 
Formula 
1 
Standard Redemption 
Reference Price x Nominal Amount 
2 
Performance Redemption 
(Reference Price + Redemption Payoff) x Nominal Amount 
3 
Growth Redemption 
(Reference Price x Redemption Payoff) x Nominal Amount 
 
A Standard Redemption (Condition 2 (Standard Redemption) of Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)) 
method does not involve a Payoff; a Referenced Price (usually a percentage) will be mentioned in the Term Sheet.  
A Structured Redemption involves either a Performance Redemption or a Growth Redemption, respectively 
Condition 3 and 4 of Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). A Structured Redemption requires a Payoff 
that can either be a Standard Redemption Payoff or a Combination Redemption Payoff.  
Standard Redemption Payoff (Annex 5 Part B) and the Combination Redemption Payoff (Annex 6 Part A) are 
enumerated in the following below charts.

--- Page 88 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
88 
 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO STANDARD REDEMPTION 
PAYOFFS 
The table below lists each of the Combination Redemption Payoffs that may apply to Securities issued under the 
Programme and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions 
can be found in the Base Prospectus.  
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemptio
n 
Relevant 
section of 
the 
Additiona
l Terms 
and 
Condition
s 
Page 
reference 
in the 
Base 
Prospectu
s 
Relevant Section of the 
Final Terms 
Standard 
Fixed 
Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 1 
729 
Paragraph (16(i)(i)(B)(I)) 
Standard 
Floater 
Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 2 
730 
Paragraph 
(16(i)(i)(B)(II)) 
Standard 
Participation 
Redemption 
Standard Payof
f 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 3 
732 
Paragraph 
(16(i)(i)(B)(III)) 
Standard Digital to 
Participation 
Redemption 
Standard Payof
f 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 4 
733 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(B)(16(i)(i)(B)(IV)
) 
Standard 
ABF 
Redemption 
Standard Payof
f 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 5 
735 
Paragraph 
(16(i)(i)(B)(V)) 
Standard 
Digital/Performanc
e Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 6 
738 
Paragraph 16(i)(i)(B)(VI) 
Standard 
Performance 
Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 7 
740 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(B)(VII) 
Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual 
Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 8 
740 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(B)(VIII) 
Standard 
Target 
Volatility 
Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 9 
745 
Paragraph 16(i)(i)(B)(IX)

--- Page 89 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
89 
 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemptio
n 
Relevant 
section of 
the 
Additiona
l Terms 
and 
Condition
s 
Page 
reference 
in the 
Base 
Prospectu
s 
Relevant Section of the 
Final Terms 
Standard 
Drop-
Back Redemption 
Standard 
Payoff 
Redemptio
n 
Annex 5, 
Part B, 
Chapter 10 
749 
Paragraph 16(i)(i)(B)(X)

--- Page 90 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
90 
 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO COMBINATION 
REDEMPTION PAYOFFS 
The table below lists each of the Combination Redemption Payoffs that may apply to Securities issued under the 
Programme and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions 
can be found in the Base Prospectus.  
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of 
the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference 
in the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Combination 
Addition 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 1 
783 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(I) 
Combination 
Capitalisation 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 2 
785 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(II) 
Combination 
Digital 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 3 
787 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(III) 
Combination 
Division 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 4 
789 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(IV) 
Combination 
Multiplication 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 5 
791 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(V) 
Combination 
Ratchet 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 6 
793 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(VI) 
Combination 
Range 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 7 
795 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(VII) 
Combination 
Subtract 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, Part 
B: 
Chapter 8 
798 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(VIII) 
Combination Maximum 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 9 
800 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(IX) 
Combination Minimum 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 10 
802 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(X)

--- Page 91 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
91 
 
Payoff 
Type of payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant 
section of 
the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
Page 
reference 
in the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of the 
Final Terms 
Combination 
Complex 
Digital 
Basket 
Contingency Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 11 
804 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(XI) 
Combination 
Payoff-
Linked 
Digital 
Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 12 
808 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(XII) 
Combination 
Digital 
Performance Redemption 
Combination 
Payoff 
Redemption 
Annex 6, 
Part B, 
Chapter 13 
810 
Paragraph 
16(i)(i)(A)(XIII)

--- Page 92 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
92 
 
QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO REDEMPTION PAYOFF 
FEATURES 
The table below lists each of the Redemption Payoff Features that may apply to Securities issued under the 
Programme and is intended to act as a quick reference guide to where the related Additional Terms and Conditions 
can be found in the Base Prospectus. 
Payoff 
Type of 
payoff 
Applicable 
to interest 
or 
redemption 
Relevant section of 
the Additional Terms 
and Conditions 
Page 
reference 
in the Base 
Prospectus 
Relevant 
Section of 
the Final 
Terms 
Global Floor 
Redemption Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 2 
846 
Paragraph 22 
Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 3 
847 
Paragraph 22 
Investor Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 4 
849 
Paragraph 22 
Issuer Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 5 
852 
Paragraph 22 
Knock-out 
Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 6 
854 
Paragraph 22 
Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in 
Redemption Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 7 
856 
Paragraph 22 
Reset Option 
Redemption Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 8 
859 
Paragraph 22 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part B, 
Chapter 9 
861 
Paragraph 22 
Additive Payoff 
Feature Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part C, 
Chapter 1 
863 
Paragraph 22 
Currency Performance 
Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
Payoff 
Feature 
Redemption 
Annex 7, Part D, 
Chapter 1 
864 
Paragraph 22

--- Page 93 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
93 
 
EARLY REDEMPTION 
A Series of Securities may be redeemed before its scheduled redemption date on the occurrence of certain events 
(for the purposes of this User's Guide, Early Redemption Events). The Early Redemption Events, which are 
applicable to a Series of Securities only to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, are set out in the 
General Conditions and certain of the Additional Terms and Conditions. 
The table below summarises which sections of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus will be 
relevant to holders of Securities that may be redeemed before their scheduled maturity in addition to the sections 
of the Terms and Conditions set out in the Base Prospectus relating to Events of Default, disruption and similar 
events (as referred to below). 
Early Redemption Events 
Redemption for tax reasons (General Condition 6.3) 
Special Tax Redemption (General Condition 6.4) 
Redemption for FATCA Withholding (General Condition 6.5) 
Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales (General Condition 6.6) 
Clean-up Call Option (General Condition 6.7) 
Illegality and Force Majeure (General Condition 19) 
Early Redemption Trigger Events (General Condition 6.2) 
Information and elections relating to any Early Redemption Trigger Events relating to a Series of Securities 
will be specified in paragraph 16(a)(iv) of the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions that govern all of the Early Redemption Trigger Events that may be applicable to a 
Series of Securities are set out in separate chapters in Annex 8 of the Additional Terms and Conditions (the 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions). 
The Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are set out as follows: 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 1 
(page 870) 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 2 
(page 872) 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 3 
(page 875) 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 4 
(page 876) 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 5 
(page 878) 
Target Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 6 
(page 881) 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 7 
(page 883) 
 
Events of Default 
In addition to any Early Redemption Events that apply in respect of a Series of Securities, a Securityholder shall 
be entitled to declare any Securities held by it to be forthwith due and payable following the occurrence of an 
Event of Default in respect of those Securities. The Events of Default that will apply in respect of a Series of 
Securities are set out in General Condition 10.

--- Page 94 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
94 
 
Disruption and similar events 
The Terms and Conditions of certain types of Securities (such as Securities that are linked to an Underlying Asset 
and Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Securities) may provide for those Securities to be redeemed 
following the occurrence of certain other events (such as "Market Disruption Events" and "Additional Disruption 
Events"). The specific events that may trigger early redemption of Securities are set out in the applicable Additional 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 95 ---
User’s Guide 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
95 
 
SECURED SECURITIES 
This section of the User's Guide provides additional information in respect of Securities that are secured by the 
relevant Issuer (or an affiliate thereof) in favour of the relevant Securityholders. Securities of this type are referred 
to in the Terms and Conditions as Secured Securities and will be secured in respect of a segregated pool of 
Collateral Assets. 
Investors in Secured Securities should note that the Secured Conditions contain specific provisions relating to:  
 
Collateral Monitoring and Adjustments to Collateral Assets (Secured Security Condition 4.4); 
 
Substitution of Collateral Assets (Secured Security Condition 4.6); 
 
Third Party Chargor (Secured Security Condition 4.9); and 
 
Acceleration, Enforcement and Realisation (Secured Security Condition 6). 
Also, the Issuers have entered into the following additional documentation: 
 
 
An Additional Security Document means any additional security document which is entered into by the Issuer and/or any Third Party Chargor in 
respect of a Series of Secured Securities in order to create a security interest over the Collateral Account and/or over the Collateral Assets therein. 
Additional Security Documents 
 
The Collateral Management Agreement is the Agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Collateral Manager 
and the Issuers. 
Collateral Management Agreement 
 
The Custodian Agreement is the agreement governed by Luxembourg law between, inter alia, Citibank Europe plc, Luxembourg Branch (in its 
capacity as Custodian) and the Issuers. 
Custodian Agreement 
 
The Disposal Agency Agreement is the agreement between, inter alia, the Disposal Agent and the Issuers, as amended, restated and/or supplemented 
from time to time. 
Disposal Agency Agreement 
 
The Valuation Agency Agreement is the agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Valuation Agent and the 
Issuer. 
Valuation Agency Agreement 
 
The Pledge Agreement is a pledge agreement governed by Luxembourg law or Belgium law (as applicable) between the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Third Party Chargor (where Third Party Security is applicable), the relevant Custodian, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) 
creating security over Collateral Assets contained in one or more Collateral Accounts in favour of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable) (as Pledgee) on behalf of itself (where applicable) and the relevant Securityholders (which such security interest will be held by the 
Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Trust Deed or by the Security Agent pursuant to the Security Agency Agreement (as applicable)) and/or, if 
any Collateral Assets are not held in Luxembourg or Belgium and/or require a different security interest, any Additional Security Document. 
Pledge Agreement 
 
Security Trust Deed is a security trust deed governed by English law and entered into by the relevant Security Trustee and the Issuer on the Issue 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities. 
Security Trust Deed 
 
The Euroclear, Clearstream and BNY tri-party custody agreements are the agreements entered into between, inter alia, the Issuer (or the Third Party 
Chargor), the relevant Security Trustee and/or the Security Agent and each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream Banking S.A. and The Bank of 
New York Mellon SA/NV, respectively. These agreements document the custodian arrangements and collateral monitoring services in respect of a 
relevant Series of Secured Securities where Euroclear, Clearstream or BNY as the case may be, acts as custodian and collateral monitoring agent. 
Euroclear, Clearstream and BNY tri-party custody agreements 
 
The Security Agency Agreement is a security agency agreement governed by French law and entered into by the Security Agent (or, as applicable, 
the Series Security Agent) and the Issuer on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities. 
Security Agency Agreement

--- Page 96 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
96 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This section incorporates selected publicly available information that should be read in conjunction with this 
Base Prospectus. 
Documents 
The following documents (see hyperlinks in blue below), which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier are 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English-language version of Crédit Agricole CIB's 2023 Document d'enregistrement universel 
(https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2024-03/URD_CACIB_2023_EN.pdf) (the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document), including (on pages 271 to 396 of the 2023 Registration Document) the annual 
consolidated audited financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB for the financial years ended 31 
December 2023;  
(b) 
the English-language version of Crédit Agricole CIB's 2022 Document d'enregistrement universel 
(https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2023-03/URD_CACIB_2022.pdf) (the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document), including (on pages 247 to 370 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document) 
the annual consolidated audited financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022; 
(c) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS's 2022 and 2023 Report and Financial Statements, including (on pages 3 to 83 
and pages 3 to 100 respectively thereof) the annual audited financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS 
for 
the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=9e51b058-121e-43c9-8364-0be0314eed6b) and 31 
December 
2023 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=4e22b2be-9f6e-4d06-98b5-81f8089f58cd) and the 
auditors' report thereon;  
(d) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL's 2022 and 2023 Report and Financial Statements, including (on pages 3 to 50 
and pages 3 to 51 respectively thereof) the annual audited financial statements of Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
for 
the 
financial 
years 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=70b17f9e-d7b7-402a-bb33-b85581eb46af) and 31 
December 
2023 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuerInformation/DownloadDocument?id=00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000) and the 
auditors' report thereon; 
(e) 
the sections entitled "Form of the Final Terms" and "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in 
the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 10 May 2023 (https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=42450660-5ed9-403d-9f7a-8291616c5a2f) 
(the 
2023 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the first supplement thereto dated 13 November 2023 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=95c5ad44-0547-
4333-9d5a-cd082c19d79a) ; 
(f) 
the sections entitled "Form of the Final Terms" and "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in 
the base prospectus relating to the Programme dated 10 May 2022 (https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=40e7e567-73e7-4895-ab43-66b5a8ea153a) 
(the 
2022 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement thereto dated 17 February 2023 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=0cb09cba-2cf3-
437f-b3ca-75f22177b420); 
(g) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme 
dated 
7 
May 
2021 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=ecb6b85d-a99b-4a90-b04d-b4e67bf09fb7) (the 2021

--- Page 97 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
97 
 
Base 
Prospectus), 
as 
supplemented 
by 
the 
supplement 
thereto 
dated 
12 
July 
2021 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=76269316-e776-
47ac-999a-d92e29e37c18); 
(h) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus dated 7 May 
2020 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=a9d86f07-
1b48-4b25-818a-ab718f02b881) (the Base Prospectus 2020), as supplemented by the supplement thereto 
dated 
18 
December 
2020 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=b2a58cba-7448-4590-a0f0-51737e905fb0); 
(i) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus dated 8 May 
2019 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=4297eaa0-
4cc6-4d2a-8771-fc370d8cbe24), as supplemented by the supplements thereto dated 19 November 2019 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=1adf61cb-bf10-
43e3-9616-450ee8bb1395) 
and 
5 
February 
2020 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib. 
com/IssuanceProgram/ DownloadDocument?id=11ec21e8-c977-4910-a023-1ef61c50da4e) (the 2019 
Base Prospectus); 
(j) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus dated 9 May 
2018 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=e8ab43b4-
17ff-4c91-803e-c598b5a6e7f8), as supplemented by the supplements thereto dated 12 June 2018 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=ea3adeee-f2f2-
4424-8161-fa918dace92f), 
18 
June 
2018 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=0ac8470a-7810-4c20-9d2e-264b0a5a1ff0) and 13 
November 2018 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id= 
6c26d567-ea50-49c5-accf-1eef848267bc) (the 2018 Base Prospectus); 
(k) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 10 May 2017 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-05/2017-05-12-
CACIB-FINAL-PROSPECTUS.pdf) (the 2017 Base Prospectus); 
(l) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 11 May 2016 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/2016-05-13-bp-11-
may-2016_0.pdf) (the 2016 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplements thereto dated 8 July 
2016 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=93fd310b-
c00b-4db3-b637-7ced32eeb6de), 16 August 2016 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/Issuance 
Program/DownloadDocument?id=bbec8273-2efe-4127-b10c-38b257b47b80), 
17 
November 
2016 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=80a6c9d7-63fb-
4e73-8464-88aba214a7d7) 
and 
16 
December 
2016 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=058b9ed0-5362-4051-baf6-4cef03bb76e6); 
(m) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 6 July 2015 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-04/ApprovedBP-
6July2015_0.pdf) (the 2015 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement thereto dated 6 
October 
2015 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=ffe9a617-993c-4252-a5d3-f367869d128a); 
(n) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 25 June 2014 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-01/2014-06-27-base-
prospectus-25-june-2014_0.PDF) (the 2014 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement 
thereto 
dated 
9 
September 
2014 
(https://www.documentation.ca-
cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id=86bbff05-0c53-42b0-a315-5fac66b1e4da); and 
(o) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out in the base prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 21 June 2013 (https://www.ca-cib.com/sites/default/files/2017-04/2013-06-23-base-
prospectus-va_0.pdf) (the 2013 Base Prospectus), as supplemented by the supplement thereto dated 19

--- Page 98 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
98 
 
September 2013 (https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram/DownloadDocument?id= 
f4b0b7bf-94bd-4101-8357-176312e125c5). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, 
except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of Crédit Agricole CIB. This Base Prospectus and copies of the documents incorporated by reference are available 
on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) and (ii) on Crédit Agricole CIB's website 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Where only certain sections of a document referred to above 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, the parts of the document, which are not incorporated by 
reference, are either not relevant to prospective investors in the Securities or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base 
Prospectus has been delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents deemed to 
be incorporated herein by reference unless such documents have been modified or superseded as specified above. 
Requests for such documents should be directed to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor at its/their offices set out 
at the end of this Base Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available, for Securities admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, from the specified office in Luxembourg of CACEIS 
Bank, Luxembourg Branch (the Luxembourg Listing Agent). 
Crédit Agricole CIB takes responsibility for any free translations, which may be included in the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document or the 2023 Universal Registration Document. Note that only the French versions of the 
2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2023 Universal Registration Document have been submitted to the 
Autorité des marchés financiers. Crédit Agricole CIB FS takes responsibility for any free translations, which may 
be included in the Crédit Agricole CIB FS 2022 Report and Financial Statements or the Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
2023 Report and Financial Statements.  
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of there being any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Securities and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuers, and the rights attaching to the Securities and the reason for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuers, be required to, prepare if appropriate a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue, listing and admission to trading on a regulated 
market, of Securities. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
is set out in the following cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be 
disclosed by the Issuers as a result of Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing 
the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the Commission Delegated Regulation) and not referred to in the cross-
reference table below is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not applicable to the 
Issuers.

--- Page 99 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
99 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
This section provides a cross reference of where information may be found in other documents. 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
Page number (of the 
2023 Universal 
Registration Document 
unless otherwise stated)  
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE 
459 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
2.1 
Statutory Auditors 
460 
 
Issuer's Audit Committee (including names of committee members) 
460 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
176 to 186 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
4.1 
History and development of the issuer. 
17 to 18 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer. 
274, 444, 450 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the issuer, its registration number and legal 
identity identifier ('LEI'). 
274, 444, 450 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite. 
444, 450 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which the 
issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of business if different 
from its registered office) and website of the issuer, if any. 
274, 444, 450 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer's solvency. 
451 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to an issuer at the request or with the cooperation 
of the issuer in the rating process. 
15, 179 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the issuer's activities. 
450 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
19 to 23, 163 to 164, 342 
to 343, 451 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the 
issuer's position within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this helps to 
clarify the structure. 
4, 5, 8, 9

--- Page 100 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
100 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
Page number (of the 
2023 Universal 
Registration Document 
unless otherwise stated)  
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
166 to 167, 451 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the 
following persons and an indication of the principal activities performed 
by them outside of that issuer where these are significant with respect to 
that issuer. 
120 to 141 
9.2 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of the 
persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests and or other 
duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there are no such conflicts, 
a statement to that effect must be made.  
142 to 144 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
360 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S 
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering the latest two financial 
years (or such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation) and the 
audit report in respect of each year. 
271 to 440 
247 to 414 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
 
 
(a) 
the balance sheet: 
281 to 282 
257 to 258 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
(b) 
the income statement: 
279 
255 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
(c) 
the cash flow statement: 
285 
261 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document

--- Page 101 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
101 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
Page number (of the 
2023 Universal 
Registration Document 
unless otherwise stated)  
 
(d) 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes: 
287 to 303 
263 to 279 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
(e) 
Statutory Auditors' report: 
388 to 394 
363 to 369 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document. 
 
 
(a) 
Income statement 
279 
255 of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(b) 
Net income and other comprehensive income 
280 
256 of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(c) 
Balance sheet - Assets 
281 
257 of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(d) 
Balance sheet - Liabilities 
282 
258 of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(e) 
Change in shareholder's equity 
283 to 284 
259 to 260 of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(f) 
Cash flow statement 
285 
261 of the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document

--- Page 102 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
102 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
Page number (of the 
2023 Universal 
Registration Document 
unless otherwise stated)  
11.1.7 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information 
statements may not be older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document. 
271 
247 of the 2022 
Universal Registration 
Document 
 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
388 to 394 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
225 to 228 
11.5 
Significant change in the issuer's financial position 
451 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
12.1 
Share Capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of the shares of 
which it is composed with details of their principal characteristics, the 
part of the issued capital still to be paid up with an indication of the 
number, or total nominal value and the type of the shares not yet fully 
paid up, broken down where applicable according to the extent to which 
they have been paid up. 
152 
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, and a description 
of the issuer's objects and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
274; 444 to 449; 450 
14. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
451

--- Page 103 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
103 
 
 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
 
Report and Financial 
Statements (page 
number) 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 
3-100 
Independent auditor's report 
5-8 
Balance sheet - Assets 
9 
Income statement 
11 
Cash flow statement 
12 
Notes to the annual accounts 
14-98 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 
3-83 
Independent auditor's report 
5-8 
Balance sheet - Assets 
9 
Income statement 
11 
Cash flow statement 
12 
Notes to the annual accounts 
13-80 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
10

--- Page 104 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
104 
 
 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
 
Report and Financial 
Statements (page 
number) 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023 
3-51 
Independent auditor's report 
11-15 
Balance sheet - Assets 
17 
Income statement 
16 
Cash flow statement 
19 
Notes to the annual accounts 
20-51 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
18 
Audited annual financial statements, related notes and audit report for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022 
3-50 
Independent auditor's report 
11-15 
Balance sheet - Assets 
17 
Income statement 
16 
Cash flow statement 
19 
Notes to the annual accounts 
20-50 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
18

--- Page 105 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
105 
 
Form of the Final Terms included in the 2023 Base Prospectus 
The section of the 2023 Base Prospectus related to the form of the Final Terms of the Securities and listed below 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. This does not include the introduction paragraph of such 
Final Terms which is not incorporated by reference. In relation thereto, the introduction paragraph in the form of 
Final Terms contained in this Base Prospectus must be used in place of the introduction paragraph in such former 
Final Terms. 
Subject to the immediately following section, the sections of the 2023 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated 
by reference are not relevant for the investor or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus.  
Form of the Final Terms 
Pages 118 to 288 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Pages 15 and 16 of the first supplement dated 13
November 2023

--- Page 106 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
106 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Subject to the above, only the sections of the 2023 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2023 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 290 to 366 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 367 to 401 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 402 to 601 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 602 to 668 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 669 to 688 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 689 to 690 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 691 to 749 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 750 to 810 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 811 to 867 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 868 to 883 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 884 to 887 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 888 to 922 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 923 to 928 of the 2023 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 13 November 2023 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Page 402 to 601 of the 2023 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of the supplement dated 
13 November 2023

--- Page 107 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
107 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Subject to the above, only the sections of the 2022 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2022 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 264 to 335 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 336 to 370 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 371 to 571 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 572 to 636 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 637 to 656 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 657 to 658 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 659 to 717 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 718 to 778 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 779 to 834 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 835 to 848 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 849 to 852 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 853 to 886 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 887 to 891 of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 17 February 2023 
General Conditions 
Page 295 of the 2022 Base 
Prospectus 
Page 21 of the supplement dated 
17 February 2023 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 344, 368 and 369 of the 
2022 Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of the supplement dated 
17 February 2023

--- Page 108 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
108 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2021 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplement thereto dated 12 July 2021) 
Subject to the above, only the sections of the 2021 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2021 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 266 to 338 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 339 to 373 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 374 to 532 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 533 to 603 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 604 to 624 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 625 to 626 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 675 to 687 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 688 to 751 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 752 to 814 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 815 to 830 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 831 to 834 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 835 to 867 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 868 to 873 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 12 July 2021  
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions  
Pages 571 and 572 of the 
2021 Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of the 
supplement dated 12 
July 2021  
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 617 and 618 of the 
2021 Base Prospectus 
Pages 3-4 of the 
supplement dated 12 
July 2021

--- Page 109 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
109 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2020 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplement thereto dated 18 December 2020) 
Subject to the above, only the sections of the 2020 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2020 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 253 to 312 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 313 to 344 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 345 to 491 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 492 to 563 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 564 to 584 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 585 to 586 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 587 to 645 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 646 to 709 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 709 to 772 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 773 to 788 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 789 to 792 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 793 to 825 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 826 to 831 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 18 December 2020 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions  
Pages 793 and 825 of the 
2020 Base Prospectus 
Pages 22 to 23 of the 
supplement dated 18 
December 2020

--- Page 110 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
110 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2019 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplements thereto dated 19 November 2019 and 5 February 2020) 
Subject to the above, only the sections of the 2019 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2019 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 552 to 612 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Definitions Conditions 
Pages 613 to 638 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 639 to 784 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 785 to 856 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 857 to 877 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 878 to 879 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 880 to 998 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 999 to 1077 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1078 to 1148 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1149 to 1169 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1170 to 1173 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 1174 to 1206 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
Pages 1207 to 1212 of the 2019 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 19 November 2019 
General Conditions 
Pages 553 and 565 of the 
2019 Base Prospectus 
Pages 11 to 13 of the 
supplement dated 19 
November 2019 
Annex Conditions (Annex 1) – Chapter 5: Rate 
Linked Asset Condition 
Page 691 of the 2019 Base 
Prospectus 
Page 
13 
of 
the 
supplement dated 19 
November 2019 
 
Supplement dated 5 February 2020 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
Page 836 and 821 of the 
2019 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 to 4 of the 
supplement 
dated 
5 
February 2020

--- Page 111 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
111 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2018 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplements thereto dated 12 June 2018, 18 June 2018 and 13 November 2018) 
Subject to the above, only the sections of the 2018 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and listed below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2018 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 456 to 535 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 537 to 655 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 656 to 725 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 726 to 746 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 747 to 748 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 749 to 866 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 867 to 946 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 947 to 1000 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1001 to 1024 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1025 to 1028 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 1029 to 1054 of the 2018 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 12 June 2018 
Standard Payoff Conditions (Annex 5): Part A: 
Chapter 19: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
Pages 810 to 813 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 and 3 of the 
supplement dated 12 June 
2018 
Annex Conditions (Annex 1) – Chapter 5: Rate 
Linked Asset Condition 
Pages 583 to 590 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Pages 10 and 11 of the 
supplement dated 12 June 
2018 
 
Supplement dated 18 June 2018 
Annex Conditions (Annex 1) – Chapter 5: Rate 
Linked Asset Condition 
Pages 583 to 590 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Pages 2 and 3 of the 
supplement dated 18 June 
2018 
 
Supplement dated 13 November 2018 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions  
Pages 656 to 725 of the 
2018 Base Prospectus  
Pages 2 to 4 of the 
supplement 
dated 
13 November 2018

--- Page 112 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
112 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Only the sections of the 2017 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and listed 
below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2017 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 389 to 459 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 460 to 562 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 563 to 632 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 633 to 654 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 655 to 657 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 658 to 767 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 768 to 849 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 850 to 906 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 907 to 931 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 932 to 935 of the 2017 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 936 to 962 of the 2017 Base Prospectus

--- Page 113 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
113 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in the 2016 Base Prospectus (as amended by the 
supplements thereto dated 8 July 2016, 16 August 2016, 17 November 2016 and 16 December 2016) 
Only the sections of the 2016 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and listed 
below are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2016 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 447 to 513 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 514 to 611 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 612 to 681 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 682 to 703 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 704 to 706 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 707 to 999 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 1000 to 1109 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1110 to 1176 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1177 to 1197 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1198 to 1201 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
Pages 1202 to 1228 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 8 July 2016 
General Conditions 
Pages 450, 490 and 493 
of 
the 
2016 
Base 
Prospectus 
Pages 2 and 3 of the 
supplement dated 8 July 
2016 
 
Supplement dated 16 August 2016 
General Conditions 
Page 493 of the 2016 
Base Prospectus 
Pages 
10-11 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
16 
August 2016 
Annex 6 – Combination Paid Condition 
Pages 1045 to 1047 of the 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Pages 
7-9 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
16 
August 2016 
 
Supplement dated 17 November 2016 
General Conditions 
Pages 448, 450, 452, 455, 
458, 463, 464, 466, 473, 
474, 476 to 479, 485, 
486, 490, 507 and 508 of 
the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Pages 11 to 15 of the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016

--- Page 114 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
114 
 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 521 to 523, 531 to 
533, 541, 542, 553 to 
555, 558, 559, 576, 577, 
597 to 599 and 609 to 611 
of 
the 
2016 
Base 
Prospectus 
Pages 13 to 15 of the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Page 612 of the 2016 
Base Prospectus 
Page 
15 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 691 to 703 of the 
2016 Base Prospectus 
Page 
15 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
17 
November 2016 
 
Supplement dated 16 December 2016 
General Conditions 
Pages 448, 449, 452, 455, 
466, 473, 479, 480, 486 
and 507 of the 2016 Base 
Prospectus 
Pages 5 to 8 of the 
supplement 
dated 
16 
December 2016

--- Page 115 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
115 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the 2015 Base Prospectus (as amended by the supplement 
thereto dated 6 October 2015) 
Only the sections of the 2015 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and listed below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2015 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 410 to 469 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 470 to 560 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 561 to 630 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 631 to 651 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 652 to 654 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 655 to 924 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 925 to 1031 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1032 to 1098 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1099 to 1119 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1120 to 1123 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Note Conditions 
Pages 1124 to 1150 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 6 October 2015 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1066-1067 of the 
2015 Base Prospectus 
Pages 
9-10 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
6 
October 2015 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1078-1079 of the 
2015 Base Prospectus 
Pages 
10-11 
of 
the 
supplement 
dated 
6 
October 2015

--- Page 116 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
116 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the 2014 Base Prospectus (as amended by the supplement 
thereto dated 9 September 2014) 
Only the sections of the 2014 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and listed below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2014 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 389 to 450 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 451 to 496 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 497 to 630 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
Pages 631 to 651 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 652 to 654 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 655 to 978 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 979 to 1062 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 1063 to 1121 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 1122 to 1142 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 1143 to 1146 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 10 – Secured Note Conditions 
Pages 1147 to 1174 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 9 September 2014 
General Conditions 
Page 420 of the 2014 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of the supplement 
dated 9 September 2014 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 476 and 477 of the 
2014 Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of the supplement 
dated 9 September 2014 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Page 1026 of the 2014 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of the supplement 
dated 9 September 2014

--- Page 117 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
117 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the 2013 Base Prospectus (as amended by the supplement 
thereto dated 19 September 2013) 
Only the sections of the 2013 Base Prospectus related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and listed below 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The sections of the 2013 Base Prospectus that are not incorporated by reference are not relevant for the investor 
or are covered by other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
General Conditions 
Pages 384 to 442 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Pages 443 to 483 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
Pages 484 to 541 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 3 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
Pages 542 to 544 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 4 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Pages 545 to 771 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 5 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Pages 772 to 831 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 6 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Pages 832 to 888 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Pages 889 to 908 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 8 – Redemption Method Conditions 
Pages 909 to 912 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
 
Supplement dated 19 September 2013 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Page 894 of the 2013 
Base Prospectus 
Pages 3 to 7 of the 
supplement 
dated 
19 
September 2013 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Page 897 of the 2013 
Base Prospectus 
Pages 7 to 8 of the 
supplement 
dated 
19 
September 2013 
Annex 7 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Page 900 of the 2013 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of the Supplement 
dated 19 September 2013 
 
Any information incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be deemed amended or replaced for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent such information is not consistent with a statement made in the Base 
Prospectus or any supplement to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 118 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
118 
 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
This section provides information on the form of the Securities. 
Save in the case of Dematerialised Securities or French Law Securities, each Tranche of Securities will be in either 
bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered form, without interest coupons attached. 
Bearer Securities will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S) and Registered Securities will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption 
from registration provided by Regulation S and, solely with respect to U.S. Securities, within the United States in 
reliance on Rule 144A of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Securities 
Each Tranche of Securities will be in bearer form (Bearer Securities) and will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global security (a Temporary Bearer Global Security) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
a permanent global security (a Permanent Bearer Global Security, and together with the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security, the Bearer Global Securities) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Securities relate to a Series of CMU Securities, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a sub-custodian of the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the CMU) appointed 
for that purpose by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the HKMA); or 
(b) 
otherwise: 
(i) 
if the Global Securities are notes intended to be issued in new global Note (NGN) form or 
certificates intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg); or 
(ii) 
if the Global Securities are not intended to be issued in NGN form (and are therefore intended 
to be issued in classic global note (CGN) form), be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the 
case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
Whilst any Bearer Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Security, payments of nominal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Securities due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Security if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security is intended to be issued in CGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) 
to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Bearer Security are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or to the Hong Kong Paying Agent (in the case of Securities cleared through 
the CMU). 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is expected to be 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Security is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Security will, subject to certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above (unless such certification has already been given), be exchangeable (free of charge) 
upon a request as described therein, either (i) for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security of the same Series 
or (ii) if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for delivery of definitive Bearer Securities (Definitive Bearer 
Securities) of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) following the expiration of such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, except that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive Definitive 
Bearer Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Bearer Global Security is issued in respect of a 
Tranche of Bearer Global Securities described as Partly Paid Securities in the applicable Final Terms, such Bearer 
Global Security may be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Security and (if applicable) coupons, receipts and/or 
talons as described above only if the final part payment on all such Partly Paid Securities then outstanding has

--- Page 119 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
119 
 
been paid. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Security will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
nominal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Security or for Definitive Bearer 
Securities is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of nominal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Security if the Permanent Bearer Global Security is intended to be issued in CGN form 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Securities with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, except that, if the relevant Permanent Bearer 
Global Security is issued in respect of Partly Paid Securities, such Permanent Bearer Global Security may be 
exchanged for Definitive Securities and (if applicable) coupons, receipts and/or talons as described above only if 
the final part payment on all such Partly Paid Securities then outstanding has been paid. For these purposes, 
Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) have been 
closed for business or the CMU (in the case of Securities cleared through the CMU) has been closed for business, 
in each case for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor 
clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which are as a result of legislative changes in the domicile of the relevant Issuer and which would not be suffered 
were the Securities in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in such Permanent Bearer Global Security) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Securities 
cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) or the CMU (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Security) may give notice to the Hong Kong Paying Agent (in the 
case of Securities cleared through the CMU), in each case requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of Securities cleared through the CMU) the Hong Kong Paying Agent, requesting exchange. 
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Hong Kong Paying Agent, as applicable. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Securities, which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to such Bearer Securities: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, AS AMENDED." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Securities, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of nominal in respect of such Securities, receipts or interest 
coupons. 
Securities, which are represented by a Permanent Bearer Global Security, will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU, as the case 
may be. 
Registered Securities 
Securities in registered form (Registered Securities) and sold in reliance on Regulation S (the Regulation S 
Securities), which will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a 
global security in registered form (a Regulation S Global Security). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global

--- Page 120 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
120 
 
Security may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided 
in General Condition 1.3 (Transfer) and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Security will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche of U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB may only be offered 
and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons in private transactions to "qualified 
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (QIBs). The Registered Securities 
of each Tranche of U.S. Securities sold to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A (the Rule 144A Securities) will be 
represented by a global security in registered form (a Rule 144A Global Security and, together with a Regulation 
S Global Security, the Registered Global Securities). 
Registered Global Securities either: 
(a) 
will be deposited with a custodian (the Custodian) for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, the 
Depository Trust Company (DTC) and in the case of a Regulation S Global Security, for the accounts of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg); or 
(b) 
if the Registered Global Securities (A) are intended to be held under the new safekeeping structure (NSS), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, and if the 
Registered Global Securities are not intended to be held in the NSS, will be deposited with a common 
depositary, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Securities in fully 
registered form. 
The Rule 144A Global Securities and the Regulation S Global Securities will be subject to certain restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of nominal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Securities will be made to 
the person shown on the Register (as defined in General Condition 5.4(a) (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Securities. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Securities or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of nominal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Securities in definitive form will 
be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in General Condition 5.4(a) 
(Payments in respect of Registered Securities)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that General Condition.  
Interests in a Registered Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
Definitive Registered Securities without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (a) an Event of Default (as defined in General 
Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (b) in the case of Securities registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the relevant Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue 
to act as depository for the Securities and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (c) in the case of Securities registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (in the case of Securities cleared 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg), the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact 
done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (d) the relevant Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Securities represented by the 
Registered Global Security in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in

--- Page 121 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
121 
 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (d) above, the relevant Issuer 
may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days 
after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Security or in the form of a Definitive 
Registered Security (if available) and Definitive Registered Securities may, subject to compliance with all 
applicable restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Securities in the form of an interest in 
a Registered Global Security (if available). No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Security will 
be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Securities are also subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription 
and Sale". 
Dematerialised Securities 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms and for the purpose of allowing clearing of Securities in alternative 
clearing systems, any Series may, in full but not in part, be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form (Dematerialised Securities) in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction of such 
alternative clearing system and the rules and regulations of such alternative clearing system. 
Securities designated as "Swedish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Swedish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (1998:1479 (as amended)) (in 
Swedish: lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and all other 
applicable Swedish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish central 
securities depository (in Swedish: central värdepappersförvarare) from time to time (the Swedish CSD Rules) 
designated as the relevant clearing system for the Swedish Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is 
expected to be Euroclear Sweden AB) (the Swedish CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities, coupons, 
receipts, talons or certificates will be issued in respect of Swedish Securities and the provisions relating to 
presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical bearer instruments shall not apply. Payments of nominal, 
interest (if any) or any other amounts on any Swedish Security will be made through the Swedish CSD in 
accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Securities designated as "Norwegian Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Norwegian Securities) will be 
issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act (in Norwegian: Verdipapirsentralloven av 15. mars 2019 nr.6) and all other laws, regulations 
and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the relevant central securities depository (in Norwegian: 
verdipapirsentral) from time to time (the Norwegian CSD Rules) designated as relevant clearing system for the 
Norwegian Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as 
Euronext Securities Oslo)) (the Norwegian CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will 
be issued in respect of Norwegian Securities and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement 
of such bearer instruments shall not apply. 
Securities designated as "Finnish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Finnish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (in Finnish: Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017), the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (in Finnish: Laki arvo-osuustileistä 
827/1991, as amended) and all other applicable Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by the Finnish central securities depository from time to time (the Finnish CSD Rules) designated 
as the relevant clearing system for the Finnish Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be 
Euroclear Finland Oy) (the Finnish CSD). No Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued 
in respect of Finnish Securities. Payments or any other amounts on any Finnish Security will be effected by the

--- Page 122 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
122 
 
Finnish Issuing Agent in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. The Finnish CSD will not have qualified 
intermediary status. 
When appropriate, the following legend will apply in respect of all Dematerialised Securities, which have an 
original maturity of more than one year and on all payments relating to such Dematerialised Securities: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE, AS AMENDED." 
French Law Securities  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, French Law Securities are issued either in dematerialised form or in materialised 
form. Dematerialised French Securities are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), 
in which case they will be recorded in the books of Euroclear France or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
this case, at the option of the relevant Holder of the French Law Securities, either in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré), in which case they will be registered in the books of an Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or 
by an agent (établissement mandataire) acting on behalf of the Issuer. Materialised French Securities are issued in 
bearer materialised form. The Materialised French Securities in bearer form are numbered in series and issued 
with Coupons and, where applicable, with a Talon attached, except in the case of Zero Coupon Securities for which 
references to Coupons and Talons are not applicable.  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of CMU Securities, the Hong Kong Paying Agent, shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Securities is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Securities, 
the Securities of such further Tranche shall be assigned a Common Code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP 
and CINS number which are different from the Common Code and ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Securities 
of any other Tranche of the same Series. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of nominal or interest on such nominal amount of such Securities, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Security 
shall be treated by the Issuers, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Registered Global Security, DTC or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by such 
Registered Global Security for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and such Securities except to the extent 
that in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its 
participants or beneficial owners through participants.  
For so long as any of the CMU Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of the CMU, each 
person (other than the CMU) who is for the time being shown in the records of the CMU as the holder of a particular 
principal amount of such CMU Securities (in which regard a CMU Instrument Position Report (as defined in the 
CMU Rules) or other statement by the CMU as to the identities and interests of persons credited with interests in 
the Global Security and the principal amount of the CMU Securities standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuers, the

--- Page 123 ---
Form of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
123 
 
Guarantor and their agents as the holder of that principal amount of CMU Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the CMU Securities, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Global Security shall be treated by the Issuers, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of the CMU 
Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security, and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
With respect to French Law Securities, Holder or holder of any French Law Securities or, where applicable, 
Holder of French Law Securities means (A) in the case of Dematerialised French Securities, the person whose 
name appears on the account of the relevant Account Holder, of the Issuer or of the Registration Agent (if 
applicable) as the holder of these French Law Securities, or (B) in the case of Materialised French Securities, the 
bearer of any Definitive Materialised French Security in bearer form and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating 
to it. 
Any reference herein to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any relevant clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Where General Condition 10 (Events of Default) applies to Securities, a Security may be accelerated by the holder 
thereof in certain circumstances described in General Condition 10 (Events of Default). In such circumstances, 
where any Security is still represented by a Global Security and the Global Security (or any part thereof) has 
become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Securities and payment in full of 
the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Security then the Global 
Security will become void at 8.00 p.m. (Paris time) on such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such 
Global Security credited to their accounts with DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the 
CMU, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of 
statements of account provided by DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU on 
and for the Securities governed by English law, subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the English Law Deed 
of Covenant) dated on or about 10 May 2024 and for the Securities governed by Irish law, subject to the terms of 
a deed of covenant (the Irish Law Deed of Covenant) dated on or about 10 May 2024 executed by each of the 
Issuers. In addition, holders of interests in such Global Security credited to their accounts with DTC may require 
DTC to deliver Definitive Securities in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Security in 
accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
Securities designated as "EUI Securities" will be issued and held in registered uncertificated form in accordance 
with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the 
time being in force (the EUI Regulations) and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical 
document of title. The EUI Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the EUI Regulations. Title to 
the EUI Securities is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate securities. The Operator is Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited. 
In respect of dematerialised CREST depository interests (CDIs), investors will hold CDIs constituted and issued 
by CREST Depository Limited and representing indirect interests in the Securities. The CDIs will be issued and 
settled through CREST. Except for Securities governed by English Law, neither the Securities nor any rights 
thereto will be issued, held, transferred or settled within the CREST system otherwise than through the issue, 
holding, transfer and settlement of CDIs. Holders of CDIs will not be entitled to deal directly in Securities and 
accordingly all dealings in the Securities will be effected through CREST in relation to holding of CDIs.

--- Page 124 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
124 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
This section sets out a pro forma for the Final Terms. 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms, which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes/Certificates (the Securities), 
issued under the Programme. 
[The Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 expires on 10 May 2025. The updated Base Prospectus shall be available 
on the website of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com) and (ii) Crédit Agricole CIB 
(www.ca-cib.com) and for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of Crédit Agricole CIB.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market. Possible wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that 
Securities are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk 
tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to be professional investors only (i.e. 
it does not include EEA retail investors)) 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][ and 
pure execution services][, subject to the suitability and appropriateness obligations of the Distributor (as defined below) 
under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market. Possible wording could include, for example, "The 
target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients 
which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a Distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to include EEA 
retail investors) 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Securities, 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market. Possible wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that 
Securities are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk 
                                                   
1  
Include this paragraph for Securities being offered on a continuous basis or where the public offer extends beyond the expiry of the approval of 
the Base Prospectus and no new final terms are being produced.

--- Page 125 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
125 
 
tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (for the purposes of this paragraph, a Distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR), 
and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of EUWA; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Securities to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][ and 
pure execution services][, subject to the suitability and appropriateness obligations of the Distributor (as defined below) 
under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules (as defined below), as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market. 
Possible wording could include, for example, "The target market assessment indicates that Securities are incompatible with 
the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-
demand full repayment of the amounts invested]"]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, as applicable].] (Include this legend alternative if the target market is intended to include UK retail investors) 
[PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] (Include this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged 
product" for the purpose of the PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document will not be made available or the issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason) 
[PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS WITHOUT KID – The Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA) without an updated key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation).] (Include this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the PRIIPS 
Regulation and a key information document will be made available) 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a

--- Page 126 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
126 
 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] (Include this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged product" for the purpose of the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document will not be made available or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
UK retail investors for any other reason) 
[UK PRIIPs Regulation – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS WITHOUT KID – The 
Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK) without an updated key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA) (as amended, the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation).] (Include this legend alternative if Securities are a "packaged product" for the 
purpose of the UK PRIIPS Regulation and a key information document will be made available) 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the SFA) – [To insert notice if the Securities are not classified as "capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products" pursuant to Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA or "Specified Investment Products" (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]]2 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland - No key information document according to the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (the FinSA) or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been prepared in relation to the 
Securities, and, therefore, the Securities may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the 
FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a 
professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5 (5) FinSA) or Article 5 (1) 
FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management 
agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.] (Include this legend if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative 
character" for the purpose of the FinSA and are offered in Switzerland and a key information document under Article 58 
FinSA (Swiss key information document) or Article 59(2) FinSA (key information document required by PRIIPS Regulation) 
will not be made available or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to private clients in Switzerland without an asset 
management agreement for any other reason) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland without KID - The Securities are not intended to be offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the FinSA) in Switzerland 
without an updated key information document according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA in 
relation to the Securities. For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) 
a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5 (5) FinSA) or Article 5 
(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management 
agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]. (Include this legend alternative if Securities are debt instruments with a 
"derivative character" for the purpose of the FinSA and are offered in Switzerland and a key information document under 
                                                   
2  
Applicable in the case of Securities offered to persons in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether they have received the necessary 
product classification from the relevant Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 127 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
127 
 
Article 58 FinSA (Swiss key information document) or Article 59(2) FinSA (key information document required by PRIIPS 
Regulation) will be made available) 
[The Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the [Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (the FinSA)/FinSA, and these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Securities may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available to investors in 
Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the FinSA or where such offer or distribution does 
not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither these Final Terms, nor the Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA.] (Include if Securities are offered 
in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities are not filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry 
on the list according to Article 64(5) of the FinSA.) 
 
[The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). They are neither subject to authorisation nor supervision by the Swiss 
Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and investors in Securities will not benefit from 
protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority and are exposed to the risk of the Issuer 
and Guarantor (if applicable).] (Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland.) 
 
FINAL TERMS DATED [●] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Securities] 
under the Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme 
by 
[CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK] 
[CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS] 
[CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB FINANCE LUXEMBOURG S.A.] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [Insert for Crédit Agricole CIB: 1VUV7VQFKUOQSJ21A208]/[Insert for Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS: 969500HUHIE5GG515X42]/[Insert for Crédit Agricole CIB FL: 529900XFWQOQK3RQS789] 
[guaranteed by CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK] 
(include where the Issuer is Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus 
Regulation][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation)] and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 and the supplement(s) (if any) to the Base Prospectus published and approved on 
or before the date of these Final Terms and any supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and 
approved before the Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s)) (provided that to the extent any such Supplement 
(i) is published and approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions such 
changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Securities to which these Final Terms relate) which together 
constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the Base Prospectus) in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.] / 3[This document does not constitute final terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 and the supplement(s) (if any) to the Base Prospectus published and approved on or before 
the date of these Final Terms and any supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved 
before the Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s)) (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is 
published and approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions such changes 
                                                   
3  
Include if Securities are Exempt Securities

--- Page 128 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
128 
 
shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Securities to which these Final Terms relate) (together, the Base 
Prospectus). The issue of Exempt Securities does not require the publication of a base prospectus pursuant the Prospectus 
Regulation since the issue of Exempt Securities is exempted under Prospectus Regulation.] / 3[[This document does not 
constitute final terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation) and has not been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF).] 
These Final Terms [will be] and the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] dated [●]] ([together,] the 
Base Prospectus) [has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to 
Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] [A summary of the issue of the Securities is annexed to these 
Final Terms.]4 The Base Prospectus and any Supplement are available for viewing [on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
website (www.luxse.com)] [and] [during normal business hours at the registered office of Crédit Agricole CIB and on its 
website ([https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram])].] [In addition5, the Base Prospectus and any 
Supplement are available for viewing [at/on] []].] 
[The validity of the above mentioned Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024, under which the Securities described in these 
Final Terms [are issued][are continuously offered], ends on 10 May 2025. From this point in time, these Final Terms are to 
be read together with the latest base prospectus of the Issuer for its Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme, 
including the information incorporated by reference in the latest base prospectus from the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 
2024, under which these Securities were initially issued. The latest base prospectus of the Issuer for its Structured Debt 
Instruments Programme from time to time will [be published on [●][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com)]] [and] [be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of Crédit Agricole 
CIB ([https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram]) and the specified office of the [Principal Paying 
Agent/French Paying Agent].]] (Include this paragraph for Securities being offered on a continuous basis or where the 
public offer extends beyond the expiry of the approval of the Base Prospectus and no new final terms are being produced) 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated [10 May 2023, as supplemented by the supplements dated 13 November 2023] [10 May 2022, as 
supplemented by the supplement dated 17 February 2023] [7 May 2021, as supplemented by the supplement dated 12 July 
2021] [7 May 2020, as supplemented by the supplement dated 18 December 2020] [8 May 2019, as supplemented by the 
supplements dated 19 November 2019 and 5 February 2020] [9 May 2018, as supplemented by the supplements dated 12 
June 2018, 18 June 2018 and 13 November 2018] [10 May 2017] [11 May 2016, as supplemented by the supplements dated 
8 July 2016, 16 August 2016, 17 November 2016 and 16 December 2016] [6 July 2015, as supplemented by the supplement 
dated 6 October 2015] [25 June 2014, as supplemented by the supplement dated 9 September 2014] [21 June 2013, as 
supplemented by, the supplement dated 19 September 2013] (the Terms and Conditions) which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 and the supplement(s) (if any) to the Base Prospectus published and 
approved on or before the date of these Final Terms and any supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been 
published and approved before the Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s)) which together constitute a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation including the Terms and Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference therein in order to obtain all the relevant information (the 2023 Base Prospectus). [This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus.] / 6[[This document does not constitute final 
terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus 
Regulation) and has not been filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF).] These Final 
Terms [will be] and the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 [and the supplement[s] dated [●]] ([together,] the Base 
Prospectus) [has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 
64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.] [A summary of the issue of the Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]7 
                                                   
3  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities are or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited with a 
review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
4  
Only required for Securities with a denomination of less than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
5  
If the Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated market. 
6  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities are or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited with a 
review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
7  
Only required for Securities with a denomination of less than € 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency).

--- Page 129 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
129 
 
The Base Prospectus and any Supplement are available for viewing [on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com)] [and] [during normal business hours at the registered office of Crédit Agricole CIB and on its website 
([https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram]). [In addition8, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement are 
available for viewing [at/on] []].]] 
[(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions 
for completing the Final Terms.)] 
[(When adding information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant 
new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)] 
[(If the Securities have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, then the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.)] 
[(This Form of the Final Terms includes placeholders indicating that the "Relevant Standard Interest Payoff", "Relevant 
Standard Redemption Payoff", "Relevant Combination Interest Payoff" or "Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff" 
will be added when the Final Terms are completed for a Series of Securities. For these purposes: 
(a) 
"Relevant Standard Interest Payoff" means any one of the following Standard Interest Payoffs as set out in Part A 
of the Standard Payoff Conditions: 
Standard Fixed Interest, Standard Floating Interest, Standard Floater Interest, Standard Inverse Floater Interest, 
Standard Participation Interest, Standard Range Accrual Interest, Standard Power Interest, Standard Digital to 
Participation Interest, Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest, Standard ABF Interest, Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Performance Interest, Standard Digital/Performance, Standard Performance Interest, Standard Steepener 
With Reserve Interest, Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest or Standard Fixed Daily Interest:; 
(b) 
"Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff" means any one of the following Standard Redemption Payoffs as set out 
in Part B of the Standard Payoff Conditions: 
Standard Fixed Redemption, Standard Floater Redemption, Standard Participation Redemption, Standard Digital 
to Participation Redemption, Standard ABF Redemption, Standard Digital/Performance Redemption, Standard 
Performance Redemption, Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption, Standard Target Volatility Redemption or 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption; 
(c) 
"Relevant Combination Interest Payoff" means any one of the following Combination Interest Payoffs: 
Combination Addition Interest, Combination Capitalisation Interest, Combination Digital Interest, Combination 
Division Interest, Combination Multiplication Interest, Combination Ratchet Interest, Combination Range Interest, 
Combination Snowrange Interest, Combination Subtract Interest, Combination Maximum Interest, Combination 
Minimum Interest, Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest, Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest or 
Combination Digital Performance Interest; and 
(d) 
"Relevant Combination Redemption Payoff" means any one of the following Combination Redemption Payoffs as 
set out in Part B of the Combination Payoff Condition: 
Combination Addition Redemption, Combination Capitalisation Redemption, Combination Digital Redemption, 
Combination Division Redemption, Combination Multiplication Redemption, Combination Ratchet Redemption, 
Combination Range Redemption, Combination Subtract Redemption, Combination Maximum Redemption, 
Combination Minimum Redemption, Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption, Combination 
Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption or Combination Digital Performance Redemption.)] 
[(This Form of the Final Terms includes placeholders in certain places indicating that relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions should be inserted from the applicable provisions of the Conditions, including (where relevant) the Definitions 
                                                   
8  
If the Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated market.

--- Page 130 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
130 
 
Conditions. Where this applies, when completing the applicable Final Terms by inserting formulas from the Conditions, 
together with the related variables and their values, such formulas may be inserted with the variables replaced with the 
specific values to be assigned to such variables.)] 
[These Final Terms relate to the multiple series of Securities as set out in Part [G] (Specific Provisions for Each Series). 
References herein to "Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Securities that are the subject of these 
Final Terms and references to "Security" shall be construed accordingly.] 
(Where the Final Terms cover more than one series of Securities, a table in Part [G] should be provided for all variables 
which will differ across the multiple series of Securities. The relevant line item for any such variable in Part [G] should 
include the following language: "See the Specific Provisions for Each Series in Part [G]".)] 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Type of Securities: 
[Notes][Certificates] 
 
(c) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]  
 
 
(d) 
Date on which the Securities become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable][The Securities shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche][Title of Securities]] [The Securities will become 
fungible with the Securities referred to above on [insert 
date][the Issue Date][the date of exchange of the Temporary 
Bearer Global Security for interests in the Permanent Bearer 
Global Security][which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]] 
2. 
(a) 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
(N.B. if Swedish Securities, only SEK or EUR) 
(b) 
Alternative Currency Conditions: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 4][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
CNY Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if it is an Alternative Currency Security 
denominated in CNY or if Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff 
Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
applicable and the Interest Currency or Redemption 
Currency is CNY) 
 
(ii) 
CNY Settlement Centre(s): 
[Hong 
Kong 
Special 
Administrative 
Region][Taiwan][Singapore][●] 
(Only applicable if CNY Securities) 
 
(iii) 
Scheduled Payment Currency 
Jurisdiction: 
[●]/[Hong Kong (Only applicable if "CNY" is the Scheduled 
Payment Currency)] 
 
(iv) 
Scheduled Payment Currency: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Alternative Currency: 
[As per the Alternative Currency Conditions (if U.S. 
dollar)][●]

--- Page 131 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
131 
 
(Only applicable if CNY Securities) 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent responsible 
for making calculation and 
determinations 
pursuant to 
Annex 4 
(Alternative 
Currency Conditions): 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] [(Where Securities are fungible with an existing tranche, 
indicate the Aggregate Nominal Amount for each tranche 
and the aggregate amount in respect of each Tranche for the 
Series Aggregate Nominal Amount)]. 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount][[●] per 
Certificate] [plus accrued interest from [(insert date)]] 
(In the case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
[The Issue Price of Partly Paid Securities will be payable in 
more than one instalment. See paragraph [8(f)] below.] 
(Include in the case of partly paid Securities) 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[[●] and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof 
up to and including [●].] [No Securities in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
[Calculation of interests and redemption based on the 
Specified Denomination: Applicable] (only applicable for 
French Law Securities, if specified as applicable) 
(In respect of Dematerialised French Securities, there shall 
be one Specified Denomination only) 
[Calculation of Interest and Redemption based on the 
Specified Denomination: Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Securities, this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be made.) 
 
 
(If an issue of Securities is (i) NOT admitted to trading on an 
European Economic Area regulated market; and (ii) only 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation the €1,000 minimum denomination 
may not be required.) 
 
 
(Securities must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent) in order to benefit from the wholesale 
exemption set out in article 1(4)(c) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.) 
 
(b) 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[Applicable. The Minimum Trading Size is [●] in aggregate 
nominal amount][Not Applicable]

--- Page 132 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
132 
 
(Specify the relevant minimum amount for the purposes of 
General Condition 1.3 (Transfer). Note that this will apply to 
acquisition and trading of the Securities.) 
 
(c) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. N.B.: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denomination.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Trade Date(s): 
[●] (Where multiple Trade Dates are relevant, specify all 
Trade Dates and distinguish as necessary) 
 
(c) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date][●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Securities, for example Zero Coupon Securities.) 
7. 
Redemption Date: 
[(Specify date)]] 
 
 
[(Credit Linked Securities:) [(specify date)], subject to the 
provisions of Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final Terms] 
(If Credit Linked Securities are used in combination with 
another type of Security, use the option above for Credit 
Linked Security) 
 
 
[(Bond Linked Securities:) [(specify date)], subject to the 
provisions of Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and 
paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final Terms] 
(If Bond Linked Securities are used in combination with 
another type of Security, use the option above for Bond 
Linked Security) 
(A Series of Securities can be both Credit Linked Securities 
and Bond Linked Securities) 
 
 
[(Preference Share Linked Securities:) [(specify date)], 
subject to the provisions of Annex 11 (Preference Share 
Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Preference Share Linked 
Securities" of these Final Terms] 
 
 
Subject to any early redemption date. 
 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza): 
 
[●] 
(Italian Listed Certificates only) 
8. 
Type of [Notes][Certificates]: 
(Select each that applies) 
 
(a) 
Interest: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
133 
 
 
 
[Fixed Rate Security] 
 
 
[Floating Rate Security] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon Security] 
 
 
[Commodity Linked Interest Security] [Index Linked Interest 
Security] [Inflation Linked Interest Security] [FX Linked 
Interest Security] [Rate Linked Interest Security] [ETF 
Linked Interest Security] [Share Linked Interest Security] 
[Fund Linked Interest Security] [Future Linked Interest 
Security] [Portfolio Linked Interest Security] [Multi-Asset 
Basket Linked Interest Security]] 
 
 
(If interest is linked to more than one type of Underlying, 
specify Portfolio Linked Interest Security if [applying a 
strategy to the basket of Underlyings], otherwise select 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security) 
 
 
[(Further particulars specified below in "PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE" [and in 
"PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
INTEREST"])] 
[Negative Interest: Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Other than Partly Paid Securities that are Zero Coupon 
Securities, interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up 
nominal amount of the Partly Paid Security.] 
(Include in the case of Partly Paid Securities) 
 
(b) 
Redemption: 
[Standard Redemption] (include if redemption is not linked 
to an Underlying) 
 
 
[Credit Linked Security] 
 
 
[Bond Linked Security] 
 
 
[Preference Share Linked Security] 
 
 
[Instalment Security] 
 
 
[Commodity Linked Redemption Security] [Index Linked 
Redemption Security] [Inflation Linked Redemption 
Security] [FX Linked Redemption Security] [Rate Linked 
Redemption Security] [ETF Linked Redemption Security] 
[Share Linked Redemption Security] [Fund Linked 
Redemption Security] [Future Linked Redemption Security] 
[Portfolio Linked Redemption Security] [Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Redemption Security]] 
 
 
(If redemption amount is linked to more than one type of 
Underlying, specify Portfolio Linked Interest Security if 
[applying a strategy to the basket of Underlyings], otherwise 
select Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security)

--- Page 134 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
134 
 
 
 
[(Further particulars specified below in "PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION" [and in "PAYOFF 
FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION"])] 
 
 
[The Securities are "titres non-structurés" as defined in 
Article R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and subject to Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Please see paragraphs 15 (Redemption Determination Date) 
and 32(e) below for further information relating to the 
Securities.] 
[To be included where securities are intended to be MREL 
eligible and meet the relevant criteria] 
 
(c) 
[U.S. Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (N.B. U.S. Securities can be 
issued only subject to additional U.S. regulatory analysis 
and, if required, additional disclosure.)] 
 
(d) 
[Other: 
[[Swedish 
Securities][Norwegian 
Securities][Finnish 
Securities] 
[Italian 
Certificates][Italian 
Notes][EUI 
Securities] 
(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
"OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION")] 
[Alternative 
Currency Securities (Further particulars specified below in 
"Alternative Currency Conditions")] 
 
(e) 
[Additional 
U.S. 
Regulatory 
Disclosure: 
[Not Applicable][] (N.B. Relevant where U.S. Securities 
are to be issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL.) 
[Investment Company Act status]] 
 
(f) 
Partly Paid Securities Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable as per Conditions [4.13 and 
7.3] of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
 
(Insert amount of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be made and 
consequences of failure to pay) (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Part Payment Amount(s): 
[Insert the part payment amount(s)] 
 
(ii) 
Part Payment Date(s): 
[Insert the part payment date(s)] 
9. 
[Date [Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance 
of 
Securities[ and English Guarantee][ and Irish 
Guarantee][and French Guarantee] obtained: 
[●] (N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Securities or related Guarantee, any issues of Securities by 
Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS constituting 
obligations under French law require the prior authorisation 
of the Board of Directors in accordance with article L. 228-
40 of the French Code de commerce.) 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 135 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
135 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows (using the same variables only) as necessary 
where a line item is used multiple times) 
10. 
Fixed Rate Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Applicable for the purposes 
of Standard Fixed Interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[(For One-off Coupon Securities) [One-off Coupon 
applies]] 
 
 
[(For Credit Linked Securities) [Applicable subject to 
Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Credit 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms]] 
 
 
[(If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is Applicable) 
[Applicable subject to Part A, Chapter 7 of Annex 7 (Payoff 
Feature Conditions) and paragraph "PAYOFF FEATURES 
(IF ANY) RELATING TO INTEREST" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[(For Bond Linked Securities) [Applicable subject to 
Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Bond 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms]] 
 
(a) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
[Applicable to all Interest Accrual Periods][where One-off 
Coupon applies alongside other fixed rate interest, include 
the following: (except in respect of the One-off Coupon for 
which no Interest Accrual Period applies)] 
[Applicable to the following Interest Accrual Periods: 
[●]][where One-off Coupon applies alongside other fixed 
rate interest, include the following: (except in respect of the 
One-off Coupon for which no Interest Accrual Period 
applies)] 
[(For Securities that have a One-off Coupon but no other 
Fixed Interest) [No Interest Accrual Period applies for the 
purposes of the One-off Coupon] 
 
(b) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly] in arrears] 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date set out in the table 
below, the corresponding percentage specified as “Rate of 
Interest” below: 
Interest Payment Dates  Rates of Interest 
[…] 
[…]% 
(Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) 
] 
[(for Securities with a One-off Coupon) [●] payable on the 
Interest Payment Date specified below]

--- Page 136 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
136 
 
 
 
[Premium: [●] per cent. All references in the Conditions to 
"Rate of Interest" shall be construed as references to 
"Premium"] (for Italian Listed Certificates only) 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year from and including [●] up to and including 
the Redemption Date] [(each a Premium Payment Date) 
and all references in the Conditions to "Interest Payment 
Date" shall be construed as references to "Premium Payment 
Date"] (for Italian Listed Certificates only) 
[Securities for which One-off Coupon has been specified: 
[(specify Interest Payment Date, which may be by reference 
to a scheduled Interest Payment Date for interest payments 
in the normal course) [●]] 
 
(d) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per [Calculation] Amount][As determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with General Condition 
4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities)] 
(Applicable to Securities in definitive form in accordance 
with General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Securities)) 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in][on][●][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Applicable to Securities in definitive form) 
 
(g) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(N.B.: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only appropriate 
for Fixed Rate Securities denominated in euros) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] (N.B.: Only include where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA). If Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
is not applicable delete this paragraph)

--- Page 137 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
137 
 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or redemption date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
 
(N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest accrual periods which are not of equal duration)] 
 
 
(h) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
Interest Accrual Periods will be [adjusted][unadjusted] 
[(For Securities with a One-off Coupon) [Not Applicable]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
the purposes of adjustment of 
"Interest Accrual Periods" in 
accordance 
with 
sub-
paragraph (h) above: 
[Not Applicable][Floating Rate Convention] [Following 
Business Day Convention] [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Specify only if "Interest Accrual Periods will be adjusted" 
is indicated in sub-paragraph (h) above) 
11. 
Floating Rate Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Applicable for the purposes 
of Standard Floating Interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[(For Credit Linked Securities) [Applicable subject to 
Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Credit 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms]] 
[(If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is Applicable) 
[Applicable subject to Part A, Chapter 7 of Annex 7 (Payoff 
Feature Conditions) and paragraph "PAYOFF FEATURES 
(IF ANY) RELATING TO INTEREST" of these Final 
Terms]] 
 
 
[(For Bond Linked Securities) [Applicable subject to 
Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Bond 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms]] 
 
(a) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Redemption Date] 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 138 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
138 
 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Often second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Accrual Period if EURIBOR) 
 
(e) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination][ISDA Determination] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[●] (insert relevant designated period)  
[EURIBOR][SHIBOR]][●] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate, in the case of 
SHIBOR, http://www.shibor.org) 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[●] 
[11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the case of EURIBOR)] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market: 
[●] [As specified in Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it will be the EURO-zone inter-
bank market (in the case of EURIBOR)) 
 
(v) 
Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, unless "Not 
Specified" is selected, in which case the Calculation Agent 
is obliged to select the relevant Reference Banks) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If any of the rows below is not applicable delete the relevant 
row or specify “Not Applicable”) 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
Applies to: [All Interest Accrual Periods][The following 
Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to some Interest 
Accrual Periods only, repeat on subsequent rows until all 
relevant Interest Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
(iii) 
Reset Date: 
[●][First 
day 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate Option is based 
on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day [falling in][[immediately following][immediately

--- Page 139 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
139 
 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate, otherwise the Reset Date is set as the last day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified) 
 
(iv) 
[Rate Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
(C) 
Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Compounding with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate)

--- Page 140 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
140 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
(C) 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(vii) 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
 
(viii) 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
 
(vii) 
Unweighted Average Floating 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Weighted Average Floating 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Straight Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 141 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
141 
 
 
(x) 
Flat Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Spread Exclusive 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Compounding Date 
[●] 
 
(xiii) 
Floating Negative Interest 
Rate Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Zero Interest Rate Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Zero Interest Rate Method 
Excluding Spread: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Standard Index Method 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
All-In Compounded Index 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Compounded Index Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Compounded Index Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable: (specify)][Not Applicable]  
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
(xx) 
Successor Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) 
Successor Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
(xxii) 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[In accordance with the Floating Rate Matrix][●] 
 
(xxiii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Day Count Basis: 
[●] 
 
(xxv) 
Rounding 
[●] 
 
(xxvi) 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
[●] 
 
(xxvii) Impacted Index: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum[, applicable [generally][for [●] 
Interest Accrual Periods]]] 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [for [●] Interest Accrual Periods]

--- Page 142 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
142 
 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [for [●] Interest Accrual Periods] 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] (N.B.: Only include where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or redemption date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
 
(N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest accrual periods which are not of equal duration)] 
 
(l) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
Interest Accrual Periods will be [adjusted][unadjusted] 
(Specify which, if any, Interest Accrual Periods will be 
subject to Linear Interpolation in accordance with General 
Condition 4.10 (Interpolation)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
the purposes of adjustment of 
"Interest Accrual Periods" in 
accordance 
with 
sub-
paragraph (l) above: 
[Not Applicable][Floating Rate Convention][Following 
Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business 
Day Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Specify only if "Interest Accrual Periods will be adjusted" 
is indicated in sub-paragraph (l) above) 
 
(m) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with General Condition 4.2(e)] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable]

--- Page 143 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
143 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable]  
 
(n) 
Universal Leverage: 
[●][● per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Linked Interest Security: 
[[Applicable] - [Commodity Linked Interest Security] 
[Index Linked Interest Security] [FX Linked Interest 
Security] [Inflation Linked Interest Security] [Rate Linked 
Interest Security] [ETF Linked Interest Security] [Share 
Linked Interest Security] [Fund Linked Interest Security] 
[Future Linked Interest Security] [Portfolio Linked Interest 
Security] [Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security]] 
[(See paragraph "PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
UNDERLYING(S) IF ANY" for further information in 
relation to the Underlying(s))] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[(For Credit Linked Securities) [Applicable subject to 
Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Credit 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms]] 
 
 
[(For Bond Linked Securities) [Applicable subject to 
Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and paragraph "Bond 
Linked Securities" of these Final Terms]] 
 
(a) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] in each year from and including [●] up to and including 
the Redemption Date][●] 
 
(c) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Often second day on which the T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Accrual Period if EURIBOR) 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis]

--- Page 144 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
144 
 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] (N.B.: Only include where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or redemption date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
 
(N.B.: This will need to be amended in the case of regular 
interest accrual periods which are not of equal duration)] 
 
(f) 
Interest Accrual Periods: 
Interest Accrual Periods will be [adjusted][unadjusted] 
(Specify which, if any, Interest Accrual Periods will be 
subject to Linear Interpolation in accordance with General 
Condition 4.10 (Interpolation)) 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention for 
the purposes of adjustment of 
"Interest Accrual Periods" in 
accordance sub-paragraph (f) 
above: 
[Not Applicable][Floating Rate Convention] [Following 
Business Day Convention] [Modified Following Business 
Day Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centres: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
(Specify only if "Interest Accrual Periods will be adjusted" 
is indicated in sub-paragraph (f) above) 
 
(g) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the Linked Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amount: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Combination 
Interest Payoff(s)) 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[Combination 
Addition 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 1 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
[Combination Capitalisation 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 2 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 145 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
145 
 
 
(iii) 
[Combination Digital Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 3 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(iv) 
[Combination 
Division 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 4 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(v) 
[Combination Multiplication 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 5 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(vi) 
[Combination 
Ratchet 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 6 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(vii) 
[Combination Range Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 7 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(viii) 
[Combination 
Snowrange 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 8][Not Applicable]] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 8 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions] 
 
(ix) 
[Combination 
Subtract 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 9 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(x) 
[Combination 
Maximum 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 10][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 10 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xi) 
[Combination 
Minimum 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable]

--- Page 146 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
146 
 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 11 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xii) 
[Combination Payoff-Linked 
Digital Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 12][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 12 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xiii) 
[Combination Ladder Ratchet 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 13][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 13 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xiv) 
[Combination 
Digital 
Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 6, Part A, 
Chapter 14][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part A, Chapter 14 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(i) 
Standard Interest Payoff Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if "Applicable", select only the applicable Standard Interest 
Payoff(s)) 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[Standard Fixed Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[(as completed in paragraph "Fixed Rate Security" of these 
Final Terms for the purposes of this Standard Interest 
Payoff) 
(If applicable fill in variables under paragraph "Fixed Rate 
Security" of these Final Terms)] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 1 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
[Standard Floating Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[(as completed in paragraph "Floating Rate Security" of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Standard Interest 
Payoff) 
(If applicable fill in variables under paragraph "Floating 
Rate Security" of these Final Terms)]

--- Page 147 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
147 
 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 2 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(iii) 
[Standard Floater Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 3 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(iv) 
[Standard 
Inverse 
Floater 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 4 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(v) 
[Standard 
Participation 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 5 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(vi) 
[Standard 
Range 
Accrual 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 6 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(vii) 
[Standard Power Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 7 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(viii) 
[Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participation Interest: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, 
Part A, Chapter 8] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 8 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ix) 
[Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 9 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(x) 
[Standard ABF Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 10][Not Applicable]

--- Page 148 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
148 
 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 10 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xi) 
[Standard 
Fixed 
Range 
Accrual Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 11 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xii) 
[Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 12][Not 
Applicable][Applicable: 
All 
Interest 
Periods][Applicable: Specified Dates] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 12 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xiii) 
[Standard 
Performance 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 13][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 13 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xiv) 
[Standard 
Steepener 
With 
Reserve Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 14][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 14 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xv) 
[Standard 
Memory 
Digital/Performance Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, 
Chapter 15][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 15 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(xvi) 
[Standard 
Fixed 
Daily 
Interest: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 
16][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part A, Chapter 16 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(j) 
Universal Leverage: 
[●][● per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Universal Margin: 
[●][● per cent.][Universal Floating Rate][Not Applicable] 
(If Universal Floating Rate is not selected, delete the 
remaining provisions of this section) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[ISDA 
Determination]][Screen Rate Determination]

--- Page 149 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
149 
 
 
 
(If Screen Rate Determination is not selected, delete the 
following five paragraphs of this section) 
 
(A) 
Reference Rate: 
[●](insert 
relevant 
designated 
period) 
[EURIBOR][SHIBOR]][●] 
 
(B) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate, in the case 
of SHIBOR, http://www.shibor.org) 
 
(C) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page Time: 
[●]  
[11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the case of EURIBOR)] 
 
(D) 
Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market: 
[●] [As specified in Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If market is not specified it will be EURO-zone inter-bank 
market in the case of EURIBOR) 
 
(E) 
Reference Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, unless "Not 
Specified" is selected, in which case the Calculation Agent 
is obliged to select the relevant Reference Banks) 
 
 
(If ISDA Determination is not selected, delete the following 
remaining paragraphs of this section) 
(If any of the rows below is not applicable delete the relevant 
row or specify “Not Applicable”) 
 
(F) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
(G) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
Applies to: [All Interest Accrual Periods][The following 
Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to some Interest 
Accrual Periods only, repeat on subsequent rows until all 
relevant Interest Accrual Periods are specified) 
 
(H) 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
[First 
day 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period][(Standard wording if Floating Rate Option is based 
on EURIBOR)][[●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day [falling in] [[immediately following] [immediately 
preceding] the first day of] the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate, otherwise the Reset Date is set as the last day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified)

--- Page 150 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
150 
 
 
(I) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[●] 
 
(J) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
OIS 
Compoundi
ng: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Compoundi
ng 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
(III) 
Compoundi
ng 
with 
Observatio
n 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Compoundi
ng 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(K) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate)

--- Page 151 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
151 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
(III) 
Averaging 
with 
Observatio
n 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(V) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
 
(VI) 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is 
applicable) 
 
(VII) 
Unweighte
d Average 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 152 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
152 
 
Floating 
Rate: 
 
(VIII) 
Weighted 
Average 
Floating 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(IX) 
Straight 
Compoundi
ng: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(X) 
Flat 
Compoundi
ng: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XI) 
Spread 
Exclusive 
Compoundi
ng: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XII) 
Compoundi
ng Date 
[●] 
 
(XIII) 
Floating 
Negative 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XIV) 
Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XV) 
Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method 
Excluding 
Spread: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XVI) 
Standard 
Index 
Method 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XVII) All-In 
Compound
ed 
Index 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XVIII) Compound
ed 
Index 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XIX) 
Compound
ed 
Index 
Method 
[Applicable: (specify)][Not Applicable]

--- Page 153 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
153 
 
with 
Observatio
n 
Period 
Shift: 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five 
(5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
(XX) 
Successor 
Benchmark
: 
[●] 
 
(XXI) 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(XXII) Administrat
or/Benchm
ark Event: 
[In accordance with the Floating Rate Matrix][●] 
 
(XXIII) Linear 
Interpolatio
n: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XXIV) Day Count 
Basis: 
[●] 
 
(XXV) Rounding: 
[●] 
 
(XXVI) Alternative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index: 
[●] 
 
(XXVII) Impacted 
Index: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Universal Offset: 
[[●] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Zero Coupon Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable and/or if Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount Percentage is specified as not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●][[●] per cent per annum] calculated on Issue Date, 
provided that the Securities will remain outstanding until the 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 154 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
154 
 
 
 
(Specify each separate Accrual Yield where different 
Accrual Yields apply to different periods between the Issue 
Date and the Redemption Date) 
 
(b) 
Day Count Fraction for purposes of 
accrual yield: 
[1/1] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(N.B.: Actual/Actual (ICMA) is normally only appropriate 
for Fixed Rate Securities denominated in euros) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(N.B.: Only include where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO INTEREST 
 
14. 
Payoff Features: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Payoff 
Feature(s)) 
 
 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable as per Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 1)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 2)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 3)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 4)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Memory Interest Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 5)]

--- Page 155 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
155 
 
 
 
[Applicable as per Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 6)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 7)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Single Interest Payment Date Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 8)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 9)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Interest Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 10)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 11)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 12)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Reserve Interest Payoff Feature (Annex 7, 
Part A, Chapter 13)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Currency Performance Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part D, Chapter 1)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part E, Chapter 1)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Additive Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part C, 
Chapter 1)] 
 
 
[(See also paragraph "PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION" for Payoff Features (if 
any) relating to Redemption)] 
 
(If Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Investor 
Interest 
Switch 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Interest 
Determination Dates 
 
(iii) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(iv) 
Linked Interest2: 
[(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff)][As notified in the Investor 
Interest Switch Notice)]

--- Page 156 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
156 
 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(v) 
Frequency for exercise of the 
Investor 
Interest 
Switch 
Option: 
[(specify)] 
 
(vi) 
Time to send Investor Interest 
Switch Notice: 
No later than [thirty (30) minutes][●] following receipt of an 
Investor Interest Switch Notification 
 
(If Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
(vii) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(viii) 
Issuer Interest Switch Expiry 
Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Interest 
Determination Dates 
 
(ix) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(x) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(If Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(xi) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(xii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●] (Specify a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i)) 
 
(xiii) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch 
Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 3] 
 
(xiv) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch 
Event: 
Underlying Value [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than 
the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date] [[at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out 
Interest Switch Observation Period] 
 
(xv) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date(s))

--- Page 157 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
157 
 
 
(xvi) 
Knock-out 
Interest 
Switch 
Observation Period: 
[●] 
 
(xvii) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(xviii) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(xix) 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(xx) 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] (Insert 
reference to correct Asset Condition line item) of these Final 
Terms) (The relevant Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX 
Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
(If Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(xxi) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(xxii) 
Target Interest Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 4] 
 
(xxiii) 
Aggregate Interest Amount 
Cap: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(xxiv) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(xxv) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(If Memory Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(xxvi) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(xxvii) Linked Interest: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff)

--- Page 158 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
158 
 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(xxviii) n: 
[●] 
 
(If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(xxix) 
Applicable to: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
Interest 
Currency 
Dual Currency 
(Interest) 
Exchange Rate 
Dual 
Currency 
Method 
FX Price Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[●] 
[●] [Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination] 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
[multiplication] 
[division] 
[Applicable[●]] 
[Not Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY Rate] 
[BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate] 
applies] 
[Offer 
Price] 
[Bid 
Price] 
[Mid Price] [As 
per FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[Not applicable 
as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(For the above, 
"Mid 
Price" 
will apply if 
"As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2" is 
selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days prior to 
the [Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days prior to 
the [Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other 
payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days prior to 
the [Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[●] 
(specify 
other 
payment 
date)]] [Not 
Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of "BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of "BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business Days] 
[As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary 
Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[Closing] [●] 
[Intraday] 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in 
Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market 
Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the 
above paragraphs and specify below 
which Market Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The following Market Disruption 
Event[s] [is] [are] applicable: (specify 
which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material Change 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As 
per 
FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2]

--- Page 159 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
159 
 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-
Transferability]] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
 
Event 
Currency: 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
Successor 
Currency: 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
Payment 
Extension Days: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY Fallback 
Page2: 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[Applicable in accordance 
with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 
4.1][Not 
Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not 
applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is 
not applicable] 
[Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging is not applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] FX Business 
Days]/[As per FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[[●] 
Payment 
Business 
Days]/ 
/[As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 1] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(If Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(xxx) 
Applicable to: 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(xxxi) 
Applicable Determination of 
the Linked Interest Rate: 
["Current Reset Switch"/"Following Reset Switch"/"Other 
Reset Switch"/"Current Single Reset Switch"/"Following 
Single Reset Switch"/"Current Limited Single Reset 
Switch"/"Following Limited Single Reset Switch"/"Limited 
Reset Switch": Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Reset Switch Frequency: 
[●] Business Days 
 
(xxxiii) Reset Switch Expiry Time: 
[●] [am] [pm] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv) Reset Switch Notice Time: 
[●] [am] [pm] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Reset Switch Notice Date(s): 
The date that is [10/[●]] Business Days prior to (specify 
which Interest Determination Dates) 
 
(xxxvi) Reset Switch Number: 
[●] 
 
(If Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Interest 
Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(If Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(xxxvii) Knock-out Barrier: 
[●]  
 
(xxxviii) Knock-out 
Performance 
Interest Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part A, Chapter 9] 
 
(xxxix) Knock-out 
Performance 
Interest Switch Event: 
Performance_KOI is [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than

--- Page 160 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
160 
 
the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] 
[the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Date, or 
(B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading 
Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] 
during the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Observation Period. 
 
(xl) 
Performance_KOI : 
[Absolute 
Value 
Performance][Basket 
Outperformance][Best 
of 
Performance][Decrement 
Performance (If applicable, (i) specify the Decrement, (ii) 
with respect to the Total Return Performance (d-1,d), specify 
if "Option 1: Index", "Option 2: Shares" or "Option 3: Basket 
of Shares" is applicable, and if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" 
is applicable, specify if "Option 1: Share Reinvestment" or 
"Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is applicable and the 
Basket 
Currency][Increment 
Performance][Difference 
Performance][Capped 
Floored 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Palladium 
Performance][Product 
Performance][Quotient 
Performance][Rainbow 
Performance][Reverso 
Performance][Sum 
Performance][Weighted Average Performance][Weighted 
Average Value] [Worst of Performance][Xth Worst 
Performance with X being number [●]] 
 
(xli) 
Performance(i): 
Option [1][2][3][4][5][6][7] applies.  
 
(xlii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Interest Switch Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable if Specified Dates is Applicable) 
 
(xliii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Interest Switch Observation 
Period: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Applicable if American is Applicable) 
 
(xliv) 
Linked Interest1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(xlv) 
Linked Interest2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Standard Interest Payoff 
Provisions"]["Combination Interest Payoff Provisions"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature) 
 
(xlvi) 
Range: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 161 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
161 
 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest 
Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
 
 
(xlvii) 
Notice Deadline: 
[●] [am][pm] 
 
(xlviii) Shout Option Number: 
[2][●] 
 
(xlix) 
Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Notice Date: 
[●]  
 
(l) 
Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Notice Time: 
[●] 
 
(li) 
Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] [Interest 
Determination Date(s)] [Interest Period Date(s)]. 
 
(lii) 
Time to send Shout Option 
Exercise Notice): 
No later than [thirty (30) minutes][●] following receipt of an 
Underlying Value Notification 
 
(If Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Global Cap Amount: 
[●] (Specify an amount in the Specified Currency per 
Calculation Amount) 
 
(If Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(B) 
Global 
Floor 
Amount: 
[●] (Specify an amount in the Specified Currency per 
Calculation Amount) 
 
(liii) 
Specified IPD: 
[●][As per Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Condition 
12.2] 
 
(If Reserve Interest Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Cap: 
[●] 
 
(liv) 
Floor: 
[●] 
 
(lv) 
Reserve0: 
[●] 
 
(lvi) 
Initial Reserve Accrual Period: 
[●] 
 
(lvii) 
Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
[●] 
 
(If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Applicable to 
[All Interest Accrual Periods] 
[The following Interest Accrual Periods: [●]] 
 
(lviii) 
FX Rate: 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination] [BRL/JPY 
Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] 
 
(A) 
FX Price Source: 
[Applicable[●]][Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX 
Rate Determination applies][Not Applicable as [BRL/JPY 
Rate][BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] applies]

--- Page 162 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
162 
 
 
(B) 
Specified Rate: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] [Not applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate 
Determination applies] 
(For the above, "Mid Price" will apply if "As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2" is selected) 
 
(C) 
BRL Valuation Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate, 
BRL/USD Rate or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the [Interest Payment 
Date] [● specify other payment date)][[●] BRL/USD 
Business Days prior to the [Interest Payment Date] [● specify 
other payment date)] [[●] BRL/USD Business Days prior to 
the [Interest Payment Date] [● specify other payment 
date)]][Not Specified] 
 
(D) 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/JPY Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
BRL/USD Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/USD Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/USD Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
BRL/EUR Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/EUR Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
BRL Latest 
Postponement Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate, 
BRL/USD Rate or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] FX Business Days] [As per FX Linked Asset Condition 
6] 
 
(lix) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(lx) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(lxi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
(Specify as per Asset Conditions) 
 
(lxii) 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 
are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market Disruption Events listed 
in Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the above 
paragraphs and specify below which Disruption Events 
apply)

--- Page 163 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
163 
 
 
 
[The following Market Disruption Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default] 
[Dual 
Exchange Rate] [General Inconvertibility] [General Non-
Transferability] 
[Governmental 
Authority 
Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price 
Materiality] 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption] [Specific Inconvertibility] [Specific Non-
Transferability]] 
 
(lxiii) 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Benchmark 
Obligation Default: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraph below if 
Benchmark Obligation Default is not applicable) 
 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
[●] (Insert relevant Benchmark Obligation)] 
 
(B) 
Illiquidity: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below if 
Illiquidity is not applicable) 
 
Minimum Amount: 
[●][Not specified] 
(The Calculation Agent will determine the Minimum Amount 
on the Illiquidity Valuation Date if it is not specified) 
 
Illiquidity Valuation 
Date: 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Illiquidity Valuation Date is not specified, the 
Illiquidity Valuation Date will be the relevant Observation 
Date) 
 
(C) 
Price Materiality: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below if 
Price Materiality is not applicable) 
 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●] 
 
Primary Rate: 
[●] 
 
Secondary Rate: 
[●][As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Event Currency: 
[●] (Insert relevant Event Currency)][Not specified] 
 
 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, the Event Currency 
will be the Reference Currency) 
 
 
(Event Currency is an election for the Market Disruption 
Events 
of 
General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-
Transferability, 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability. If all of these Market Disruption Events are 
specified as not applicable above, delete row) 
 
(lxiv) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 
4.1][Not Applicable]

--- Page 164 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
164 
 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable]  
 
(lxv) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(lxvi) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five (5) FX Business Days][Fourteen (14) FX Business 
Days][Thirty (30) FX Business Days][[●] FX Business 
Days]/[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
(If nothing is specified the default is five (5) FX Business 
Days) 
 
(lxvii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[[●] Payment Business Days] /[As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 1] 
(If nothing is specified the default is two (2) Payment 
Business Days) 
 
(lxviii) JPY Price Source Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
JPY Relevant Page: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
JPY Fallback Page1: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
JPY Fallback Page2: 
[●] 
 
(If Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(D) 
Bond Switch Option 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Interest 
Determination Dates 
 
(lxix) 
Bond Switch Option Number: 
[2][●] 
 
(lxx) 
Notice Deadline: 
[●] 
 
(lxxi) 
Frequency for exercise of the 
Investor 
Interest 
Switch 
Option: 
[(specify)] 
 
(If Additive Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Payoff Feature: 
As completed in paragraph ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF 
ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION"][ "PAYOFF 
FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO INTEREST"] of 
these Final Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
 
(Repeat rows (using the same variables only) as necessary 
where a line item is used multiple times) 
(where Physical Settlement of Secured Securities is 
applicable, "Not applicable – Physical Settlement of Secured

--- Page 165 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
165 
 
Securities applies" should be specified as necessary in the 
following paragraphs) 
15. 
Redemption Determination Date(s): 
[For the purposes of determining the Final Redemption 
Amount []] 
 
 
[For the purposes of determining an Instalment Redemption 
Amount as set out in the table below: 
 
 
[(If Instalment Security insert table setting out Redemption 
Determination Date corresponding to each Instalment 
Date)]] 
 
 
[For the purposes of determining an Early Redemption 
Amount, the date falling [] Business Days prior to the Early 
Redemption Date] 
 
 
[The Securities are "titres non-structurés" as defined in 
Article R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and redemption is subject to certain additional provisions as 
specified in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase). [(Please also see paragraph 32(e) below.)]] 
 
 
[Above wording to be included where securities are "titres 
non-structurés" (and elected as such in paragraph 8 and in 
this paragraph 15) and are intended to be MREL eligible and 
meet the relevant criteria. If Events of Default will be 
disapplied, this should be specified in paragraph 32(e) below 
and the additional wording in brackets included.] 
16. 
Redemption Method: 
 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount for the 
purposes of General Condition 6.2 
(Early Redemption Trigger Events) 
determined in accordance with: 
[Standard Redemption] [Growth Redemption] [Performance 
Redemption] 
[(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) [Subject to Part B, Chapter 3 of Annex 7 (Payoff 
Feature Conditions) and paragraph "Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature" of these Final Terms]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Payoff: 
[Determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption or Combination Redemption Payoff) [Subject to 
[●] (Insert name of Payoff Feature)] (as completed in 
paragraph ["Combination Redemption Payoff Provisions"] 
["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] 
[and] 
["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Price: 
[[●] 
(Specify each separate percentage where different Reference 
Prices apply to different dates)]

--- Page 166 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
166 
 
 
 
[A price calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Price" in Annex 9 (Redemption 
Method Conditions), where: 
C = [●]; 
n = [●]; and 
N = [●].] 
 
(iv) 
Early 
Redemption 
Trigger 
Event(s): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Early Redemption 
Trigger Event(s)) 
 
 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable as per Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
(Annex 8, Chapter 1)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
(Annex 8, Chapter 2)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
(Annex 8, Chapter 3)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Callable Knock-out Early Redemption 
Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 4) 
 
 
[Applicable as per Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption 
Trigger (Annex 8, Chapter 5) 
 
 
[Applicable as per Target Early Redemption Trigger 
(Annex 8, Chapter 6)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
(Annex 8, Chapter 7)] 
 
 
[If any Securityholder fails to pay any part payment due on 
any Partly Paid Security within the time specified, the Issuer 
shall have a right to redeem such Security (General Condition 
7.3)] 
 
(b) 
(If Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Maximum 
Call 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer Call Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Maximum Call Notice Period: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Minimum 
Call 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[]

--- Page 167 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
167 
 
 
(v) 
Minimum Call Notice Period: 
[] (The notice period must be no shorter than 5 Business 
Days, as required by the ICSDs) 
 
(c) 
(If Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Investor Put Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Put Notice Period: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Put Notice Period: 
[] (The notice period must be no shorter than 5 Business 
Days, as required by the ICSDs) 
 
(d) 
(If Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
ERB 
("Early 
Redemption 
Barrier"): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Early Redemption 
Observation Date: 
[] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Knock-out Observation Date) 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Early Redemption 
Observation Period: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Trigger: 
Underlying Value is [higher than ERB] [higher than or equal 
to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or equal to ERB] 
[within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Early Redemption 
Observation Date] [[at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Early Redemption Observation 
Period] 
 
(vi) 
Range: 
[] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(vii) 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] (Insert 
reference to correct Asset Condition line item) of these Final 
Terms) (The relevant Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX 
Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
(e) 
(If Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Callable 
Knock-out 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Callable 
Knock-out 
Observation Date(s): 
[] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Callable Knock-out Observation Date(s)) 
 
(iii) 
Lower Limit: 
[]

--- Page 168 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
168 
 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Callable Knock-out 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Maximum 
Knock-out 
Call 
Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum Callable Knock-out 
Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum Callable Knock-out 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Range: 
On the relevant Callable Knock-out Observation Date, the 
Underlying Valuer is greater than [or equal to] the Lower 
Limit and less than [or equal to] the Upper Limit. 
 
(ix) 
Underlyingr: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] (Insert 
reference to correct Asset Condition line item) of these Final 
Terms) (The relevant Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX 
Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
(x) 
Upper Limit: 
[] 
 
(f) 
(If Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Puttable 
Knock-out 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Lower Limit: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Maximum Puttable Knock-out 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Puttable Knock-out 
Notice Period: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Puttable 
Knock-out 
Observation Date: 
[] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Puttable Knock-out Observation Date) 
 
(vi) 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(vii) 
Underlyingr: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] (Insert 
reference to correct Asset Condition line item) of these Final 
Terms) (The relevant Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX 
Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
(viii) 
Upper Limit: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
(If Target Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Target Level: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount] [Specified Denomination] 
 
(ii) 
Target 
Early 
Redemption 
Date: 
[●]

--- Page 169 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
169 
 
 
(iii) 
Target 
Redemption 
Observation Date: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Target Redemption Observation Date) 
 
(h) 
(If Automatic Early Redemption Trigger is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Option 1: Performance_ER is [higher than ERB] [higher 
than or equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or equal 
to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date] [[at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all 
times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period]] / 
 
 
[Option 2: Performance_ER of each Underlying(i) is [higher 
than ERB] [higher than or equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] 
[lower than or equal to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range] 
either (A) on the current Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or any previous Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date (for the avoidance of doubt, 
the condition does not need to be met on the same Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date for each Underlying(i)), 
or (B) [at least one time during the Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Period (for the avoidance of doubt, 
the condition does not need to be met at the same time for 
each Underlying(i))] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day 
during the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period 
(for the avoidance of doubt, the condition does not need to be 
met on the same Scheduled Trading Day for each 
Underlying(i))] 
 
(ii) 
ERB 
("Early 
Redemption 
Barrier"): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date(s): 
[] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Early Redemption Observation Date) 
 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Period: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(vii) 
Performance_ER : 
[Absolute 
Value 
Performance][Basket 
Outperformance][Best 
of 
Performance][Decrement 
Performance (If applicable, (i) specify the Decrement, (ii) 
with respect to the Total Return Performance (d-1,d), specify 
if "Option 1: Index", "Option 2: Shares" or "Option 3: Basket 
of Shares" is applicable, and if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" 
is applicable, specify if "Option 1: Share Reinvestment" or 
"Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is applicable and the 
Basket 
Currency][Increment 
Performance][Difference 
Performance][Capped 
Floored 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Palladium 
Performance][Product

--- Page 170 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
170 
 
Performance][Quotient 
Performance][Rainbow 
Performance][Reverso 
Performance][Sum 
Performance][Weighted Average Performance][Weighted 
Average Value] [Worst of Performance][Xth Worst 
Performance with X being number [●]] 
 
(viii) 
Performance(i): 
Option [1][2][3][4][5][6][7] applies.  
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount for the 
purposes of General Condition 6.1 
(Redemption by Instalments and Final 
Redemption) determined in accordance 
with: 
[Standard Redemption] [Performance Redemption] [Growth 
Redemption] 
[(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) [Subject to Part B, Chapter 3 of Annex 7 (Payoff 
Feature Conditions) and paragraph "Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature" of these Final Terms]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Preference Share Linked 
Securities) 
 
(i) 
Redemption Payoff: 
[Determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption or Combination Redemption Payoff) [Subject to 
[●] (Insert name of Payoff Feature)] (as completed in 
paragraph 
["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard Redemption Payoff Provisions"] 
[and] ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)][Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Combination 
Redemption Payoff(s)) 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
[Combinatio
n Addition 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 1 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(II) 
[Combinatio
n 
Capitalisatio
n 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 2 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(III) 
[Combinatio
n 
Digital 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 3 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 171 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
171 
 
 
(IV) 
[Combinatio
n 
Division 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 4][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 4 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(V) 
[Combinatio
n 
Multiplicati
on 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 5 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(VI) 
[Combinatio
n 
Ratchet 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 6][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 6 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(VII) 
[Combinatio
n 
Range 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 7 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(VIII) 
[Combinatio
n 
Subtract 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part B: 
Chapter 8][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B: Chapter 8 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(IX) 
[Combinatio
n Maximum 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 9][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 9 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(X) 
[Combinatio
n Minimum 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 10][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 10 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(XI) 
[Combinatio
n Complex 
Digital 
Basket 
Contingenc
y 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 11 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 172 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
172 
 
 
(XII) 
[Combinatio
n 
Payoff-
Linked 
Digital 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 12][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 12 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(XIII) 
[Combinatio
n 
Digital 
Performanc
e 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 6, Part 
B, 
Chapter 13][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 6, Part B, Chapter 13 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(B) 
Standard Redemption 
Payoff Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If " Applicable", select only the applicable Standard 
Redemption Payoff(s)) 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
[Standard 
Fixed 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part 
B, 
Chapter 1][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 1 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(II) 
[Standard 
Floater 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part 
B, 
Chapter 2][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 2 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(III) 
[Standard 
Participatio
n 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part 
B, 
Chapter 3][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 3 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(IV) 
[Standard 
Digital 
to 
Participatio
n 
Redemption
: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, 
Part B, Chapter 4] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 4 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(V) 
[Standard 
ABF 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part 
B, 
Chapter 5][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 5 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]]

--- Page 173 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
173 
 
 
(VI) 
[Standard 
Digital/Perf
ormance 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part 
B, 
Chapter 6][Not 
Applicable][Applicable: 
Specified 
Dates][Applicable: American] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 6 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(VII) 
[Standard 
Performanc
e 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with 
Annex 5, Part 
B, 
Chapter 7][Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 7 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(VIII) 
[Standard 
Fixed Range 
Accrual 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 8] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 8 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(IX) 
[Standard 
Target 
Volatility 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 9] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 9 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(X) 
[Standard 
Drop-Back 
Redemption
: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 10] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Insert relevant value(s) and other related provisions from 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 10 and, where relevant, the 
Definitions Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Payoff Feature Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Price: 
[[●] 
(Specify each separate percentage where different Reference 
Prices apply to different dates)] 
[A price calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Price" in Annex 9 (Redemption 
Method Conditions), where: 
C = [●]; 
n = [●]; and 
N = [●].] 
 
(v) 
[PL ("Protection Level"): 
[●]]

--- Page 174 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
174 
 
 
(j) 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Hedge Amount 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable if the Securities may be redeemed at 
their Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, as determined 
in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts)) 
 
 
(Should be specified as applicable for any Series of Secured 
Securities for which "Self-Monitoring" is applicable or for 
which CBNA is the Collateral Monitoring Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Redemption 
Amount 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.][Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount 
determined in accordance with: 
[Standard Redemption][Performance Redemption][Growth 
Redemption] 
[(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is 
Applicable) [Subject to Part B, Chapter 3 of Annex 7 (Payoff 
Feature Conditions) and paragraph "Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature" of these Final Terms]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Redemption Payoff: 
[Determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption or Combination Redemption Payoff) [Subject to 
[●] (Insert name of Payoff Feature)] (as completed in 
paragraph 
["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard Redemption Payoff Provisions"] 
[and] ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Payoff Feature Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Prices: 
[[●] 
(Specify each separate percentage where different Reference 
Prices apply to different dates)] 
[A price calculated pursuant to sub-paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Price" in Annex 9 (Redemption 
Method Conditions), where: 
C = [●]; 
n = [●]; and 
N = [●].] 
 
(l) 
Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable] [Cash or Physical Settlement] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
175 
 
(Only specify if Share Linked Asset Conditions or ETF 
Linked Asset Conditions apply. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Cash or Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable for the purposes of [●] (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption or Combination Redemption Payoff and relevant 
elements which apply for determining whether cash or 
physical settlement applies) where Physical Settlement will 
apply if [●]] [Subject to [●] (Insert name of Payoff Feature)] 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] [and] ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] 
[[●] (Specify other)] 
 
(m) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Option 
(General 
Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Notice period on Clean-up 
Call Option: 
[Minimum notice period: [●]] 
 
 
(Please note that, for Securities cleared through Euroclear, 
the Notice period cannot be shorter than five Business Days 
as per requirements notified by Euroclear) 
 
 
[Maximum notice period: [●]] 
17. 
Instalment Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Instalment Date(s): 
Instalment Amount(s): 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
18. 
Credit Linked Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Securities: 
(Select each of the following that applies) 
 
 
[Single Reference Entity CLS] 
 
 
[Nth-to-Default CLS (N:[●]) 
 
 
 
Nth-to-Default CLS (Credit Linked Condition 6.2): 
[Substitution: 
Applicable][Substitution: 
Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Linear Basket CLS] 
 
 
[Fully Principal Protected CLS] 
 
 
[Partially Principal Protected CLS 
 
 
 
Principal Protected Amount: [●][Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Fixed Recovery CLS

--- Page 176 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
176 
 
 
 
 
Fixed Recovery Percentage: [●][Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Leveraged CLS 
 
 
 
[The minimum notice period for the purposes of 
Credit Linked Condition 2.7 is [●]. The maximum 
notice period for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 2.7 is [●].] 
 
 
 
Fair Market Value Trigger: [Applicable. The Fair 
Market Value Trigger is [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Entity Spread Trigger: [Applicable. The 
Reference Entity Spread Trigger is [●]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Entity 
Trigger: 
[Applicable. The 
Reference Entity Trigger is [●]][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Linear Basket CLSs)] 
 
 
[Reference Obligations Only CLS] 
 
(b) 
Transaction Type: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Reference Entity: 
[● (Legal Name)][and any successor][(Where the Reference 
Entity is a Monoline Insurer) The Reference Entity is a 
Monoline Insurer. (If the Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in 
the case of a pool of underlying where a single reference 
entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the 
pool, please also add address, country of incorporation, 
industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the 
issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of 
the regulated market in which its securities are admitted.) 
Accordingly, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 7.2 will apply in respect of that Reference Entity 
(see paragraph 18(vv) of this section).][(If there are multiple 
Reference Entities, specify:) As set out in the applicable 
table[s] in Part C] 
 
(d) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies 
(Standard 
Specified 
Currencies means the currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the 
United States) [and Domestic Currency (Insert only where 
Domestic Currency is not included in the Standard Specified 
Currencies)] 
 
 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
 
[● (Insert relevant currencies other than Standard Specified 
Currencies and Domestic Currency)] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[30 years][●] 
(Should only be applicable if the Maximum Maturity 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic is applicable) (If

--- Page 177 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
177 
 
default position in the Base Prospectus is required, then 
specify "30 years"). 
 
(f) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [(If there are multiple 
Reference Entities of the same transaction type, delete the 
rows below and specify:) As set out in the applicable table[s] 
in Part [C]] (If there are multiple Reference Obligations, 
repeat the sub-paragraphs below as needed) 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Primary Obligor: 
[● (Legal Name)] 
 
(ii) 
Maturity: 
[● (Date)] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(g) 
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If specified as applicable, the obligation specified as the 
"Reference Obligation(s)" at paragraph 18(f) above (or any 
Substitute Reference Obligation therefor) shall be the 
Reference Obligation unless and until the date ISDA 
publishes a Standard Reference Obligation on the SRO List, 
in which case, such Standard Reference Obligation shall, 
subject to the definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit 
Linked Condition 10, be the Reference Obligation from that 
date) 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(i) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level][Not Specified] [As set 
out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(h) 
Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) specified above 
will constitute [a] valid Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation(s).][Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Obligation specified at paragraph 18(f) 
above is not an obligation of the Reference Entity specified 
at paragraph 18(c) above, such Reference Obligation will 
not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation unless Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable) 
 
(i) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[●] 
(Scheduled Redemption Date is subject to the Business Day 
Convention 
applied 
at 
paragraph 
"Business 
Day 
Convention" of these Final Terms; if this is Not Applicable, 
then the fallback is Following Business Day Convention.) 
 
(j) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
making calculations and determinations 
pursuant to Annex 2 (Credit Linked 
Conditions): 
[●][Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank]

--- Page 178 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
178 
 
 
(k) 
CLS Business Day: 
[T2 Settlement Day][●] (If nothing is Specified, CLS 
Business Days will be each day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to 
settlement payments in the jurisdiction of the currency of the 
related Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount) 
 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[●]/[Greenwich Mean Time]/[Tokyo time (Tokyo Time is for 
Reference Entities incorporated in Japan only)] 
 
(m) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(n) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(i) 
Payment Requirement (Failure 
to Pay): 
[$1,000,000] (This is the default value provided in Credit 
Linked Condition 10 if no other value is specified) 
 
 
[JPY 100,000,000] 
 
 
[●] 
 
 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
 
($1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency, if 
not specified, or where applicable, JPY 100,000,000 or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) 
 
(ii) 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement (Failure to Pay): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Transaction Type to be considered. If Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, this should be specified as "Not Applicable".) 
 
(iii) 
Fallback Discounting (Credit 
Linked Condition 10): 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(Transaction Type to be considered. If Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, this should be specified as "Not Applicable".) 
 
(iv) 
Default 
Requirement 
(Obligation 
Acceleration, 
Obligation 
Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Restructuring): 
[$10,000,000] (This is the default value provided in Credit 
Linked Condition 10 if no other value is specified) 
[JPY 1,000,000,000] 
[●] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
($10,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency if 
not specified, or where applicable, JPY 1,000,000,000 or its

--- Page 179 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
179 
 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) 
 
(v) 
Restructuring 
(Additional 
provisions (if any) where 
Restructuring is specified as 
applicable in paragraph 18(n) 
above). 
[Not Applicable] [Mod R Applicable] [Mod Mod R 
Applicable] [Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(o) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(p) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(q) 
Obligation Characteristic(s): 
[None] 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(r) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement][Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement]  
(For Fixed Recovery CLS, specify "Cash Settlement"). 
 
(i) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Not Applicable][Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement] 
(Only applicable if Auction Settlement applies) 
 
(ii) 
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the following sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph). 
 
(A) 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount: 
["R" means Weighted Average Final Price]["R" means the 
Final Price] 
(For Fixed Recovery CLS, specify "R" means the Final 
Price).  
 
(iii) 
Partial Cash Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Partial Cash Settlement Date: [As determined in accordance 
with the Credit Linked Conditions][Date falling [●] CLS 
Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price]

--- Page 180 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
180 
 
 
(iv) 
Physical Settlement Procedure 
(Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
4.7(a)): 
[Not Applicable][Securityholder shall deliver [[10][●]] 
Business Days prior to the Physical Settlement Date the 
documents specified in Credit Linked Condition 4.7(a) 
(Procedure by Securityholders)] 
(Only applicable if Physical Settlement applies) 
 
(v) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[●] CLS Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[5][●]] Business Days] 
 
(vii) 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank][●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Physical Settlement is selected as Settlement 
Method) 
 
(s) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(t) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic(s): 
[None] 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity] 
[Not Bearer] 
[Listed] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(v) 
Capped Reference Entity(ies): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Only applicable if the 
Settlement Method or, if applicable, Fallback Settlement

--- Page 181 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
181 
 
Method is Physical Settlement, and the Reference Entity is a 
Capped Reference Entity) 
 
(w) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the applicable 
table[s] in Part C] 
 
(x) 
Floating 
Rate 
Payer 
Calculation 
Amount: 
[●][[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Where there are 
multiple Reference Entities or groups of Reference Entities 
of the same transaction type, specify:)[Subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 6.3, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount for each Reference Entity is equal to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Securities multiplied by the 
weighting corresponding to such Reference Entity as shown 
in the applicable table[s] in Part C under the column headed 
"Weight (in %)"]] 
 
(y) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][●][As set out in the applicable table[s] in 
Part C] 
 
(z) 
Obligation: 
[●][As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C]] 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(aa) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][●] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part [C]] 
 
(bb) 
Domestic Currency: 
Lawful 
currency 
of 
[Canada][Japan][Switzerland][the 
United Kingdom][United States of America]][Euro] [●] [As 
per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(cc) 
Domestic Law: 
[laws of England][laws of the State of New York] [As per 
Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(dd) 
Cessation of Interest Accrual (Credit 
Linked Condition 3.1): 
[CIA Type [1][ 2][ 3] 
 
(ee) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][[●] 
Business 
Days 
immediately following the determination of the [Auction 
Final 
Price 
(if 
Auction 
Settlement 
Date 
applicable)][Weighted Average Final Price (if Cash 
Settlement Date applicable)]] 
(Only need to specify for Cash Settlement Date if not 5 
Business Days) 
 
(ff) 
Notice Delivery Period: 
[[●] CLS Business Days][As per Credit Linked Condition 
10] 
 
(gg) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the applicable 
table[s] in Part [C]] 
 
(hh) 
Public Source: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] 
 
(jj) 
Hedge Amount: 
[Applicable [One-][ Two-] Way Hedge Amount][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 182 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
182 
 
 
(kk) 
Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Not Applicable – Fixed 
Recovery CLS] (If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Quotation Amount: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(iv) 
CLS Dealer: 
[●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(ll) 
Deliverable/Valuation 
Obligation 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][Not 
Specified – Calculation Agent to determine] 
 
(mm) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date][date falling 60 calendar days prior to the Trade 
Date] 
 
(nn) 
Event Determination Date: 
[Including prior to the Trade Date: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
(Where the Credit Event Backstop Date is prior to the Trade 
Date, specify "Applicable"). 
 
(oo) 
Extension Date: 
[Scheduled Redemption Date][date [●][calendar][Business 
Days] prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date][●] (or such 
later date determined in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions) 
 
(pp) 
Grace Period (for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b) in the definition of "Grace 
Period" in Credit Linked Condition 10): 
[30 calendar days][●][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(qq) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
 
(rr) 
Limitation Date Adjustment: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: subject to adjustment in 
accordance with [(Business Day Convention)]] 
 
(ss) 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
(Credit Linked Condition 2.8): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(tt) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
Change in Law is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Hedging Disruption is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Increased Cost of Hedging is [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(uu) 
Qualifying 
Participation 
Seller 
requirements: 
[●][None] 
 
(vv) 
Additional Provisions: 
[[Applicable. [The "2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014)" shall apply with respect 
to the Reference Entity]][●]] 
 
 
(The 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement 
should be applied in respect of reference entities for which

--- Page 183 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
183 
 
Standard Latin America Sovereign Transaction Type applies 
(other than Argentina and Ecuador) or Emerging European 
& Middle Eastern Sovereign Transaction Type applies (other 
than Ukraine). Where applicable, specify the additional 
provisions relating to narrowly tailored credit events) 
 
 
[(For Monoline Insurers) The provisions set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 7.2 will apply in respect of the Reference 
Entity (see paragraph 18(c) above] 
 
 
[Applicable: 
As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part [C]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ww) 
Quantum of the Claim: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 10] [●] (Method of 
determining Quantum of the Claim to be set out here if 
overriding method) 
 
(xx) 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the applicable table[s] in Part C] 
19. 
Bond Linked Securities: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 3][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Type of Bond Linked Securities: 
(Select each of the following that applies) 
[Single Bond BLS] 
[Basket BLS] 
Fair Market Value Trigger: [Applicable. The Fair Market 
Value Trigger is [●]][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[●] 
(Scheduled Redemption Date is subject to the Business Day 
Convention 
applied 
at 
paragraph 
"Business 
Day 
Convention" of these Final Terms; if this is Not Applicable, 
then the fallback is Following Business Day Convention.) 
 
(c) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
making calculations and determinations 
pursuant to Annex 3 (Bond Linked 
Conditions): 
[●] 
 
(d) 
BLS Business Day: 
[T2 Settlement Day][●] 
 
(e) 
Relevant Time: 
[Greenwich Mean Time] 
(For Bond Issuers incorporated in Japan only)[Tokyo time] 
(For Bond Issuers incorporated in the United States 
only)[New York time]

--- Page 184 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
184 
 
[●] (specify any other relevant time) 
 
(f) 
Bond Event: 
[Failure 
to 
Pay][Bond 
Acceleration][Bond 
Default][Repudiation/Moratorium][Restructuring] 
[Bond 
Early Redemption][As set out in the table in Part [D]] 
 
(g) 
Bond Issuer: 
[●] [As set out in the table in Part [D]] 
 
(h) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[●] [As set out in the table in Part [D]] 
 
(i) 
Bond(s): 
[Applicable[]Not Applicable([ ]If there are multiple Bonds, 
delete the rows below and specify:) As set out in the table in 
Part [D]] 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Principal Amount outstanding 
at the Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement] 
 
(i) 
Terms relating to Partial Cash 
Settlement: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement Amount: 
[●] 
 
(B) 
Partial 
Cash 
Settlement Date: 
[As determined in accordance with the Bond Linked 
Conditions][Date falling [●] BLS Business Days after the 
determination of the Realisable Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Physical Settlement Procedure 
(Bond 
Linked 
Condition 
4.7(a)): 
[Not Applicable][Securityholder shall deliver [[10][●]] 
Business Days prior to the Physical Settlement Date the 
documents specified in Bond Linked Condition 4.7(a) 
(Procedure by Securityholders)] 
 
(iii) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[●] BLS Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[5][●]] Business Days] 
 
(v) 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [specify if applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank][●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Cash Settlement is selected as Settlement 
Method) 
 
(viii) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Adjustment 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 6] [specify] [Not applicable]

--- Page 185 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
185 
 
 
(k) 
Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable][[●] 
Business 
Days 
immediately following the determination of the [Realisable 
Amount and the Hedge Amount] 
 
(l) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the table in Part 
[D]] 
 
(m) 
Public Source: 
[●][As per Bond Linked Condition 6] 
 
(n) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] 
 
(o) 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
Currency Specified Time: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
 
(q) 
Hedge Amount: 
[Applicable One-Way Hedge Amount][Applicable Two-
Way Hedge Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(r) 
Make-Whole Amount: 
[Applicable: [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(s) 
Quotations: 
 
 
(i) 
Include Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Exclude Accrued Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[●][As per Bond Linked Condition 6] 
 
(iv) 
BLS Dealer: 
[●][As per Bond Linked Condition 6] 
 
(t) 
Extended Physical Settlement Date: 
[[●] BLS Business Days following the Physical Settlement 
Date][●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Extension Date: 
[Scheduled 
Redemption 
Date][●][Date 
falling 
[●] 
[calendar][Business 
Days] 
prior 
to 
the 
Scheduled 
Redemption Date] [(or such later date determined in 
accordance with the Bond Linked Conditions)] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Date: 
[Any BLS Business Day [falling within [●] BLS Business 
Days] following the Bond Event Determination Date][●] 
 
(w) 
Grace Period: 
[30 calendar days][●] 
 
(x) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [As set out in the table in Part 
[C]] 
 
(y) 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
(Bond Linked Condition 2.5): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(z) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 6] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable]  
20. 
Preference Share Linked Securities: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 11][Not Applicable]

--- Page 186 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
186 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Preference Share: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Preference Share Underlying: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Information: 
[The Terms of the Preference Shares are available for 
inspection at the following website and/or address: [●]] 
[The Preference Share Value will be published at the 
following price source: [●]] 
 
(d) 
Redemption Date: 
[● (Date)][As specified in Preference Share Linked 
Condition 1] 
 
(e) 
Preference Share Underlying Final 
Observation Date: 
[● (Date)] [As specified in Preference Share Linked 
Condition 1 (If the Preference Shares are subject to 
redemption as a result of an auto-call feature being triggered 
on any Preference Share Trigger Barrier Observation 
Date(s))] 
 
(f) 
Auto-call Redemption Date: 
[● (Date)][Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Preference Share Underlying Early 
Observation Date: 
[● (Date)][Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[As specified in Preference Share Linked Condition 1.4(b)] 
[Preference Share Linked Condition 1.4(b)(i) shall not apply[ 
in relation to the following events leading to early 
redemption of the Securities: [●] (Insert applicable events 
from the General Conditions giving rise to payment of the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount)]] 
 
(i) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Merger Event is Not Applicable] 
[Tender Offer is Not Applicable] 
[Insolvency is Not Applicable] 
[Nationalisation is Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Change in Law is Not Applicable] 
(If Change in Law is specified "Not Applicable" then delete 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Hedging Arrangements are Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing is Not Applicable]

--- Page 187 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
187 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption is Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is Not Applicable] 
21. 
Linked Redemption Security: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable in accordance with [Commodity] [Index] 
[Inflation] [FX] [Rate] [ETF] [Share] [Fund] [Future] [Multi-
Asset Basket] Linked Redemption Security (Annex 1)] 
[(See paragraph "PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
UNDERLYING(S) IF ANY" for further information in 
relation to the Underlying(s))] 
 
PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22. 
Payoff Features: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If "Applicable", select only the applicable Payoff 
Feature(s)) 
 
 
(If "Not Applicable", delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable as per Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 1)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 2)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 3)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Investor Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 4)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 5)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 6)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Redemption Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 7)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 8)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 9)] 
 
 
[Applicable as per Currency Performance Payoff Feature 
(Annex 7, Part D, Chapter 1) 
 
 
[Applicable as per Additive Payoff Feature (Annex 7, Part C, 
Chapter 1)]

--- Page 188 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
188 
 
 
 
[(See also paragraph ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO INTEREST"] for Payoff Features (if any) 
relating to Interest)] 
 
(a) 
(If Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Strike Price: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
(If Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Strike Price: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
(If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[Redemption Date][Instalment Date]: 
 
 
Redemption 
Currency: 
Dual Currency 
(Redemption) 
Exchange Rate: 
Dual Currency 
Method: 
FX 
Price 
Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination]
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
[multiplication] 
[division] 
[Applicable[●]
] 
[Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
[Offer 
Price] 
[Bid 
Price] 
[Mid Price] [As 
per FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[Not applicable 
as Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(For the above, 
"Mid 
Price" 
will apply if "As 
per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 
2" is selected) 
[[●] BRL/JPY 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
(specify 
other payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for 
the 
purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for 
the 
purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for 
the 
purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business Days] 
[As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption 
Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s)
: 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
Minimum Amount: 
(for Specific 
Inconvertibility) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary 
Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 
are 
applicable.] 
(If only one or some of 
the Market Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 
are 
applicable, delete the 
above paragraphs and 
specify 
below 
which 
Market 
Disruption 
Events apply)  
[The following Market 
Disruption Event[s] [is] 
[are] applicable: (specify 
which Market Disruption 
Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark Obligation 
Default][Dual Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Govern
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Minimum Amount 
is 
not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum Amount will be 
the 
Event 
Currency 
Equivalent of U.S.$1.00) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2]

--- Page 189 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
189 
 
mental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Mat
erial 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][National
isation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specifi
c Non-Transferability]] 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Event 
Currency: 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
Successor 
Currency: 
Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Payment 
Extension Days: 
JPY Price Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[Applicable in accordance 
with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 4.1] 
[Change in Law is not 
applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not 
applicable] 
[Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging is not applicable]  
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] FX Business 
Days]/ [As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
[[●] 
Payment 
Business Days]/ 
/[As 
per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 1] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
 
 
Early Redemption Date: 
 
Redemption 
Currency: 
Dual 
Currency 
(Redemption) Exchange 
Rate: 
Dual Currency 
Method: 
FX 
Price 
Source: 
Specified 
Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[●] 
[●] [Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination][BRL/JPY 
Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate] 
[multiplicatio
n][division] 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not 
Applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 
2] 
[Not 
applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(For 
the 
above, 
"Mid 
Price" 
will 
apply if "As 
per FX Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2" 
is selected) 
[[●] BRL/JPY 
Business Days 
prior to the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
specify 
other payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business Days 
prior to the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
specify 
other payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days 
prior to the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] 
[● 
specify 
other payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of "BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of "BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial 
centre for the 
purposes 
of 
the definition 
of "BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days] [As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Valuation 
Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unschedu
led 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(
s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation Date 
Minimum Amount: 
(for Specific 
Inconvertibility) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary 
Rate: 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[Not Applicable] 
[All 
Market 
Disruption 
Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the 
Market Disruption Events 
listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 
are applicable, delete the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
[Applicab
le] [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[●] 
[●] [Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●] [Not specified] 
(If 
the 
Minimum 
Amount 
is 
not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount 
will be the Event 
Currency Equivalent 
of U.S.$1.00) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per FX 
Linked Asset 
Condition 2]

--- Page 190 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
190 
 
specify below which Market 
Disruption Events apply)  
[The 
following 
Market 
Disruption Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify which 
Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Government
al 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Materia
l 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisat
ion][Price Materiality][Price 
Source Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-Transferability]] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Event 
Currency: 
Additional Disruption Event: 
Successor 
Currency: 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
Payment 
Extension 
Days: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[Applicable in accordance with FX 
Linked Asset Condition 4.1] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging 
Disruption 
is 
not 
applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not 
applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
FX 
Business 
Days]/[As per 
FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[[●] 
Payment 
Business Days] 
/[As per FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 1] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(d) 
(If Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs)  
 
(i) 
Investor Redemption Switch 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Redemption 
Determination Dates 
 
(ii) 
Investor Redemption Switch 
Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Investor Redemption Switch 
Notice Time: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(v) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(e) 
(If Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs)

--- Page 191 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
191 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer 
Redemption 
Switch 
Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Redemption 
Determination Dates 
 
(ii) 
Issuer 
Redemption 
Switch 
Notice Time:  
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(iv) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(f) 
(If Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●] (Specify a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i)) 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 77, Part B, Chapter 6] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Event: 
Underlying Value [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] [higher 
than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-
out Barrier] [lower than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] 
[within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the last] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Knock-out Redemption 
Switch Observation Date] [[at least one time] [on at least one 
Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not 
Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Observation Period] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Date(s)) 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Observation Period: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(vii) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff)

--- Page 192 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
192 
 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(viii) 
Range: 
[●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(ix) 
Underlying: 
[●] 
(with further information set out in paragraph [●] (Insert 
reference to correct Asset Condition line item) of these Final 
Terms) (The relevant Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX 
Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or Future) 
 
(g) 
(If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Notice Deadline: 
[●] [am] [pm] 
 
(ii) 
Shout Option Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Shout 
Option 
Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Date(s): 
[10][●] Business Days prior to [each][●] Redemption 
Determination Dates 
 
(iv) 
Shout 
Option 
Performance 
Lock-in Expiry Time: 
[●] 
 
(h) 
(If Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Reset Notification Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reset Notification Time: 
[●] [am] [pm][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Reset Notice Time: 
[●] [am] [pm][Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Notice Date(s): 
The date that is 10 Business Days prior to [] (specify which 
Redemption Determination Dates)] 
 
(v) 
Reset Option Number: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
(If Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch Date: 
[●][As defined in Annex 7, Part B, Chapter 9] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch Event: 
Performance_KOR is [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] 
[higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the 
Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range], [on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Observation Date] [[at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all 
times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the

--- Page 193 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
193 
 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation 
Period] 
 
(iv) 
Performance_KOR : 
[Absolute Value Performance][Basket Outperformance][Best 
of Performance][Decrement Performance (If applicable, (i) 
specify the Decrement, (ii) with respect to the Total Return 
Performance (d-1,d), specify if "Option 1: Index", "Option 2: 
Shares" or "Option 3: Basket of Shares" is applicable, and if 
"Option 3: Basket of Shares" is applicable, specify if "Option 
1: Share Reinvestment" or "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is 
applicable 
and 
the 
Basket 
Currency][Increment 
Performance][Difference 
Performance][Capped 
Floored 
Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Palladium 
Performance][Product 
Performance][Quotient 
Performance][Rainbow 
Performance][Reverso 
Performance][Sum 
Performance][Weighted 
Average 
Performance][Weighted 
Average 
Value] 
[Worst 
of 
Performance][Xth Worst Performance with X being number 
[●]] 
 
(v) 
Performance(i): 
Option [1][2][3][4][5][6][7] applies.  
 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch Observation 
Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation 
Date(s)) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-out 
Performance 
Redemption Switch Observation 
Period: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Linked Redemption1: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(ix) 
Linked Redemption2: 
(Insert the Relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Relevant 
Combination Redemption Payoff) 
(as completed in paragraph ["Combination Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"] of these Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Payoff Feature) 
 
(x) 
Range: 
[Not Applicable] [●] (Specify Range relating to the Payoff) 
 
(j) 
(If Additive Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Payoff Feature: 
As completed in paragraph ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) 
RELATING TO INTEREST"]["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF 
ANY) RELATING TO REDEMPTION"] of these Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Payoff Feature.

--- Page 194 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
194 
 
 
(k) 
(If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
FX Rate: 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination] [BRL/JPY 
Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] 
 
(ii) 
FX Price Source: 
[Applicable[●]][Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate][BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] applies] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Rate: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] [Not applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate 
Determination applies] 
(For the above, "Mid Price" will apply if "As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2" is selected) 
 
(A) 
BRL Valuation Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not 
BRL/JPY 
Rate, 
BRL/USD 
Rate 
or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the [Interest Payment 
Date] [● specify other payment date)][[●] BRL/USD Business 
Days prior to the [Interest Payment Date] [● specify other 
payment date)] [[●] BRL/USD Business Days prior to the 
[Interest Payment Date] [● specify other payment date)]][Not 
Specified] 
 
(B) 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/JPY Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/USD Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/USD Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/EUR Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
BRL Latest 
Postponement Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not 
BRL/JPY 
Rate, 
BRL/USD 
Rate 
or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] FX Business Days] [As per FX Linked Asset Condition 
6] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
(Specify as per Asset Conditions) 
 
(vii) 
Market Disruption Events: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 195 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
195 
 
 
 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 
are applicable.] 
 
 
(If only one or some of the Market Disruption Events listed in 
Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the above 
paragraphs and specify below which Market Disruption 
Events apply) 
 
 
[The following Market Disruption Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark Obligation Default][Dual Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source Disruption][Specific Inconvertibility][Specific Non-
Transferability]] 
 
(A) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
Deferral: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Benchmark Obligation 
Default: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraph below if 
Benchmark Obligation Default is not applicable) 
 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
[●] (Insert relevant Benchmark Obligation)] 
 
(C) 
Illiquidity: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below if 
Illiquidity is not applicable) 
 
(I) 
Minimum 
Amount: 
[●][Not specified] 
(The Calculation Agent will determine the Minimum Amount 
on the Illiquidity Valuation Date if it is not specified) 
 
(II) 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Illiquidity Valuation Date is not specified, the Illiquidity 
Valuation Date will be the relevant Observation Date) 
 
(D) 
Price Materiality: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below if Price 
Materiality is not applicable) 
 
(I) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(II) 
Primary Rate: [●] 
 
(III) 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[●][As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(E) 
Event Currency: 
[● (Insert relevant Event Currency)][Not specified] 
 
 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, the Event Currency will 
be the Reference Currency) 
 
 
(Event Currency is an election for the Market Disruption 
Events 
of 
General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-

--- Page 196 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
196 
 
Transferability, 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability. If all of these Market Disruption Events are 
specified as not applicable above, delete row) 
 
(F) 
Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 
4.1][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(G) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five (5) FX Business Days][Fourteen (14) FX Business 
Days][Thirty (30) FX Business Days][[●] FX Business Days]/ 
[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
(If nothing is specified the default is five (5) FX Business Days) 
 
(ix) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[[●] Payment Business Days]/[As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 1] 
(If nothing is specified the default is two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(A) 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(I) 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
[●] 
 
(II) 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
[●] 
 
(III) 
JPY Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
 
23. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING(S) IF ANY 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, at least one of paragraphs 23(a) to 23(h) below should be specified as Applicable) 
 
(a) 
[Commodity Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 23(a). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
[Commodity Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 1][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
197 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [●] (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)] 
 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [●] (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [●] (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [●] (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Commodity: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[Commodity Reference Dealers][As per the definition of 
Commodity Reference Price set out Commodity Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Unit: 
[●] 
 
(E) 
Price Source: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Delivery Date: 
[[●] Nearby Month]] [●][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Exchange: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Futures Contract: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(J) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(K) 
Specified Price: 
[high price] [low price] [average of high price and low price] 
[closing price] [opening price] 
[bid price] [asked price] [average of bid price and asked 
price] [settlement price] 
[official settlement price] [official price] [morning fixing] 
[afternoon fixing] [fixing] [spot price] expressed in [● 
(Specify the relevant currency)] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Common Pricing: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 198 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
198 
 
 
(B) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Index Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(C) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Commodity: 
Unit: 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
Price 
Source: 
Delivery Date: 
Exchange: 
Futures 
contract: 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Reference 
Dealers: 
Specified Price: 
[1] 
[●] (List on a separate 
row each commodity 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination 
of 
interest 
or 
the 
determination of the 
applicable 
redemption amount) 
[●] 
[Commodity 
Reference 
Dealers] 
[As 
per 
the 
definition 
of 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price set out 
Commodity 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[[●] Nearby 
Month]] [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] [Not 
Applicable] 
[high price] [low price] 
[average of high price 
and low price] 
[closing 
price] 
[opening price] 
[bid 
price] 
[asked 
price] [average of bid 
price and asked price] 
[settlement price] 
[official 
settlement 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon 
fixing] 
[fixing] [spot price] 
expressed 
in 
[● 
(Specify the relevant 
currency)] 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
(D) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Index Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(E) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]]

--- Page 199 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
199 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Commodity: 
Unit: 
Commodity 
Reference Price: 
Price Source: 
Delivery Date: 
Exchange: 
Futures 
Contract: 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Reference 
Dealers: 
Specified Price: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row 
each 
commodity used as 
an Underlying for 
determination 
of 
interest 
or 
determination 
of 
the 
applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[●] 
[Commodity 
Reference 
Dealers][As 
per 
the definition of 
Commodity 
Reference Price set 
out 
Commodity 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[[●]Nearby 
Month]] [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] [Not 
Applicable] 
[high price] [low price] 
[average of high price 
and low price] 
[closing 
price] 
[opening price] 
[bid 
price] 
[asked 
price] [average of bid 
price and asked price] 
[settlement price] 
[official 
settlement 
price] [official price] 
[morning 
fixing] 
[afternoon 
fixing] 
[fixing] [spot price] 
expressed 
in 
[● 
(Specify the relevant 
currency)] 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
sequentially
) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
(F) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Index Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(G) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]]

--- Page 200 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
200 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Commodity: 
Unit: 
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
Price Source: 
Delivery Date: 
Exchange: 
Futures 
Contract: 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
Reference 
Dealers: 
Specified Price: 
[1] 
[●] (List on a 
separate 
row 
each commodity 
used 
as 
an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of 
interest 
or 
determination of 
the 
applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[●] 
[Commodity 
Reference Dealers][As 
per the definition of 
Commodity Reference 
Price 
set 
out 
Commodity 
Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[●] 
[[●] Nearby 
Month]] [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] [Not 
Applicable] 
[high price] [low price] 
[average of high price 
and low price] 
[closing price] [opening 
price] 
[bid price] [asked price] 
[average of bid price and 
asked price] [settlement 
price] 
[official settlement price] 
[official price] [morning 
fixing] [afternoon fixing] 
[fixing] 
[spot 
price] 
expressed in [● (Specify 
the relevant currency)] 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add 
rows as 
required
) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Commodity Linked Asset 
Condition 3.5][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Market Disruption Event: 
[Price 
Source 
Disruption][Trading 
Disruption] 
[Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price][Material 
Change in Formula][Material Change in Content][Tax 
Disruption] 
 
(v) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: [specify]/[As per Commodity Linked Asset Condition 2] (If 
no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum Days 
of Disruption will be equal to five Commodity Business Days) 
[(In case of Commodity Linked Redemption, applicable only 
to Price Source Disruption or Trading Disruption)] 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[specify]/[As per Commodity Linked Asset Condition 1]  
(If no Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment 
Extension Days will be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(viii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Correction 
of 
Commodity 
Prices: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 201 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
201 
 
 
(A) 
Correction 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[(In the case of Commodity Linked Interest Security) [●] 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[(In the case of Commodity Linked Redemption Security) [●] 
Business Days Prior to the relevant [Instalment Date,] Early 
Redemption Date or the Redemption Date, as the case may 
be.]] 
 
(b) 
[Index Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 23(b). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
[Index Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 2][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Index: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Custom Index: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(D) 
Exchange: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Multiple Exchange: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Index Sponsor: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Related Exchange: 
[●] [All Exchanges] [Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][Intraday][Closing/Intraday 
– 
SIV 
(Specified 
Intraday Value(s): [●])[●] 
 
(I) 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 202 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
202 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)][Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Index Basis)] 
 
(C) 
Exchange 
Business 
Day: 
[Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)][Exchange 
Business Day (Per Index Basis)] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Index: 
Custom Index: 
Exchange: 
Multiple Exchange: 
Index Sponsor: 
Related Exchange: 
Valuation Time: 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[1] 
[●] 
[Yes][No] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] [All Exchanges] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Closing] 
[Intraday] 
[Closing/Intraday – 
SIV 
(Specified 
Intraday Value(s): 
[●]) 
[●] 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] [["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 203 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
203 
 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Index: 
Custom Index: 
Exchange: 
Multiple Exchange: 
Index Sponsor: 
Related Exchange: 
Valuation Time: 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[1] 
[●] 
[Yes][No] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●][Not Applicable] [●] [All Exchanges] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Closing] [Intraday] 
[Closing/Intraday – 
SIV 
(Specified 
Intraday Value(s): 
[●])] 
[●] 
[●][Not Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(G) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]]  
 
(H) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Index: 
Custom Index: 
Exchange: 
Multiple Exchange: 
Index Sponsor: 
Related Exchange: 
Valuation Time: 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[1] 
[●] 
[Yes][No] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●][Not Applicable] [●] [All Exchanges] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Closing] 
[Intraday] 
[Closing/Intraday – 
SIV 
(Specified 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 204 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
204 
 
Intraday Value(s): 
[●])] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Index Linked Asset 
Condition 3.4][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
[Dividend Disruption] 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: [●][Eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days][[●] Scheduled 
Trading Days]/[As per Index Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(viii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[specify]/[As per Index Linked Asset Condition 1]  
(If nothing is specified the default is two (2) Payment 
Business Days) 
 
(ix) 
Clearance System: 
[●][As specified in Index Linked Asset Condition 2]] 
 
(c) 
[FX Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 23(c). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
[FX Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 3][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 205 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
205 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
FX Rate: 
[Cross Rate Methodology is not applicable. 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination] [BRL/JPY 
Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross Rate Methodology and [Multiplied][Divided] are 
applicable: the Cross Currency is [●], the First FX Element 
is [●] and the Second FX Element is [●]. 
[●][Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination]] 
 
(C) 
FX Price Source: 
[Applicable: [●]][Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX 
Rate Determination applies][Not Applicable as [BRL/JPY 
Rate][BRL/USD Rate] [BRL/EUR Rate] applies] 
[With respect to the First FX Element: [Applicable: [●]][Not 
Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the Second FX Element: [Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate 
Determination applies]] 
 
(D) 
Specified Rate: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] [Not applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate 
Determination applies] 
[With respect to the First FX Element: [Offer Price][Bid 
Price][Mid Price][Not applicable as Calculation Agent FX 
Rate Determination applies] 
With respect to the Second FX Element: [Offer Price][Bid 
Price][Mid Price][Not applicable as Calculation Agent FX 
Rate Determination applies]] 
(For each of the above, "Mid Price" will apply if "As per FX 
Linked Asset Condition 2" is selected) 
 
(E) 
BRL Valuation Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not 
BRL/JPY 
Rate, 
BRL/USD 
Rate 
or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the [Interest Payment 
Date] [● specify other payment date)][[●] BRL/USD 
Business Days prior to the [Interest Payment Date] [● specify 
other payment date)] [[●] BRL/EUR Business Days prior to 
the [Interest Payment Date] [● specify other payment 
date)]][Not Specified] 
 
(F) 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/JPY Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/JPY Business Days"][Not Applicable]

--- Page 206 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
206 
 
 
(G) 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/USD Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/USD Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] is an additional financial centre for the purposes of the 
definition of "BRL/EUR Business Days"][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement Date: 
(Delete if FX Rate is 
not 
BRL/JPY 
Rate, 
BRL/USD 
Rate 
or 
BRL/EUR Rate) 
[[●] FX Business Days] [As per FX Linked Asset Condition 
6] 
 
(J) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(K) 
Base Currency: 
[●] 
 
(L) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
[With 
respect 
to 
the 
First 
FX 
Element: 
[Closing][●][Intraday] 
With 
respect 
to 
the 
Second 
FX 
Element: 
[Closing][●][Intraday]] 
(Specify as per Asset Conditions) 
 
(M) 
Market 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, Chapter 3 
are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market Disruption Events listed 
in Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the above 
paragraphs and specify below which Market Disruption 
Events apply)  
[The following Market Disruption Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange Rate][General Inconvertibility][General Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source Disruption][Specific Inconvertibility][Specific Non-
Transferability]] 
 
(N) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
Deferral: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 207 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
207 
 
 
(O) 
Benchmark Obligation 
Default: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraph below if 
Benchmark Obligation Default is not applicable) 
 
(I) 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
[●] (Insert relevant Benchmark Obligation)] 
 
(P) 
Illiquidity: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below if 
Illiquidity is not applicable) 
 
(I) 
Minimum 
Amount: 
[●][Not specified] 
(The Calculation Agent will determine the Minimum Amount 
on the Illiquidity Valuation Date if it is not specified) 
 
(II) 
Illiquidity 
Valuation 
Date: 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Illiquidity Valuation Date is not specified, the 
Illiquidity Valuation Date will be the relevant Observation 
Date) 
 
(Q) 
Price Materiality: 
(Delete this row and remaining subparagraphs below if Price 
Materiality is not applicable) 
 
(I) 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(II) 
Primary Rate: [●] 
 
(III) 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[●][As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(R) 
Specific 
Inconvertibility 
(Delete this row and the following subparagraph if Specific 
Inconvertibility is not applicable) 
 
(I) 
Minimum 
Amount 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Minimum Amount is not specified, the Minimum 
Amount will be the Event Currency Equivalent of U.S.$1.00) 
 
(S) 
Event 
Currency(ies) 
and 
Non-Event 
Currency(ies): 
Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are] [●(Insert relevant Event 
Currency)][not specified]. 
Non-Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are]: [●(Insert relevant Non-
Event Currency(ies) for each Event Currency)] in respect of 
[●(Insert relevant Event Currency)] 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, the Event Currency 
will be the Reference Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election for the Market Disruption 
Events 
of 
General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-
Transferability, 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability. If all of these Market Disruption Events are 
specified as not applicable above, delete row) 
 
(T) 
Successor Currency: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 208 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
208 
 
 
(U) 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
JPY Relevant 
Page: 
[●] 
 
(II) 
JPY Fallback 
Page1: 
[●] 
 
(III) 
JPY Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
FX Rate(s): 
FX Price Source: 
Specified Rate: 
BRL 
Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY Business 
Days: 
BRL/USD Business 
Days: 
BRL/EUR Business 
Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement Date: 
[1] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology is not 
applicable. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination][BR
L/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross 
Rate 
Methodology 
and 
[Multiplied] 
[Divided] 
are 
applicable: 
the 
Cross Currency is 
[●], the First FX 
Element is [●] and 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY 
Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price] [Mid Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business Days prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment Date] [● 
specify 
other 
payment date)][[●] 
BRL/USD Business 
Days prior to the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● 
specify 
other 
payment 
date)] 
[[●] 
BRL/EUR Business 
Days prior to the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● 
specify 
other 
payment 
date)]] 
[Not 
Specified] 
[[●] is an additional 
financial centre for 
the purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/JPY Business 
Days"] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] is an additional 
financial centre for 
the purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] is an additional 
financial centre for 
the purposes of the 
definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] FX Business 
Days] [As per FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 6]

--- Page 209 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
209 
 
the 
Second 
FX 
Element is [●]. 
[●] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination]] 
With respect to the 
Second 
FX 
Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to the 
Second 
FX 
Element: 
[Offer 
Price][Bid 
Price][Mid 
Price] 
[As per FX Linked 
Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as 
Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
(For each of the 
above, "Mid Price" 
will apply if "As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 
2" 
is 
selected) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
Base Currency: 
Valuation Time: 
Market Disruption 
Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation Date: 
Minimum Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility) 
[●] 
[●] 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[With respect to the 
First FX Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
With respect to the 
Second 
FX 
Element: [Closing] 
[●] [Intraday]] 
(Specify 
as 
per 
Asset Conditions) 
[Not Applicable] 
[All 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 
are 
applicable.] 
(If only one or some 
of 
the 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 
are 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
above 
paragraphs 
and 
specify below which 
Market Disruption 
Events apply)  
[The 
following 
Market Disruption 
Event[s] [is] [are] 
applicable: (specify 
which 
Market 
Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) 
[Benchmark 
Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][Ge
neral 
Non-
Transferability][Go
vernmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity]
[Material Change in 
Circumstances][Nat
ionalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specifi
c 
Inconvertibility][Sp
ecific 
Non-
Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not specified] 
[●][Not specified] 
[●][Not specified] 
(If the Minimum 
Amount 
is 
not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount 
will be the Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary Rate: 
Secondary Rate: 
Event 
Currency(ies) and 
Non-Event 
Currency(ies): 
Successor 
Currency: 
JPY Price Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
Event 
Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are] 
[● 
(Insert 
relevant 
Event 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 210 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
210 
 
Currency)][not 
specified]. 
Non-Event 
Currenc[y][ies] 
[is][are]: 
[● 
(Insert 
relevant 
Non-Event 
Currency(ies) for 
each 
Event 
Currency)] 
in 
respect 
of 
[● 
(Insert 
relevant 
Event Currency)] 
(If 
an 
Event 
Currency is not 
specified, 
the 
Event 
Currency 
will 
be 
the 
Reference 
Currency) 
(Event Currency 
is an election for 
the 
Market 
Disruption 
Events of General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-
Transferability, 
Material Change 
in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility 
and Specific Non-
Transferability. If 
all 
of 
these 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
are 
specified as not 
applicable above, 
delete column) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(C) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] 
["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
FX Rate(s): 
FX Price Source: Specified Rate: 
BRL Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date:

--- Page 211 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
211 
 
[1] 
[Cross Rate Methodology 
is not applicable. 
[●] [Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination][BRL/JPY 
Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross Rate Methodology 
and 
[Multiplied] 
[Divided] are applicable: 
the Cross Currency is [●], 
the First FX Element is 
[●] and the Second FX 
Element is [●]. 
[●] [Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination]] 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
[With respect to 
the 
First 
FX 
Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] 
[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination applies] 
[With respect to the First FX Element: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] 
[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination applies] 
With respect to the Second FX 
Element: [Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid 
Price] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] [Not applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination applies]] 
(For each of the above, "Mid Price" 
will apply if "As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2" is selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment date)] 
[[●] BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment date)]] 
[Not Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of 
"BRL/JPY 
Business Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business 
Days"][Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] FX Business 
Days] [As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
Base Currency: 
Valuation Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation Date: 
Minimum 
Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility) 
[●] 
[●] 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[With respect to 
the 
First 
FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday]] 
(Specify as per 
Asset 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in 
Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market 
Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the 
above paragraphs and specify below 
which Market Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The following Market Disruption 
Event[s] [is] [are] applicable: (specify 
which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-
Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
(If the Minimum 
Amount is not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount will be 
the 
Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Price Materiality 
Percentage: 
Primary Rate: 
Secondary Rate: 
Event Currency(ies) and Non-Event 
Currency(ies): 
Successor 
Currency: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are] [● 
(Insert relevant Event Currency)][not 
specified]. 
Non-Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are]: 
[● 
(Insert 
relevant 
Non-Event 
Currency(ies) 
for 
each 
Event 
Currency)] in respect of [● (Insert 
relevant Event Currency)] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 212 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
212 
 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, 
the Event Currency will be the 
Reference Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election for the 
Market Disruption Events of General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-
Transferability, Material Change in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific Inconvertibility and Specific 
Non-Transferability. If all of these 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
are 
specified as not applicable above, 
delete column) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] 
["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
FX Rate(s): 
FX Price Source: Specified Rate: 
BRL Valuation 
Date: 
BRL/JPY 
Business Days: 
BRL/USD 
Business Days: 
BRL/EUR 
Business Days: 
BRL 
Latest 
Postponement 
Date: 
[1] 
[Cross Rate Methodology 
is not applicable. 
[●] [Calculation Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination][BRL/JPY 
Rate] [BRL/USD Rate] 
[BRL/EUR Rate]] 
[Cross Rate Methodology 
and 
[Multiplied] 
[Divided] are applicable: 
the Cross Currency is [●], 
the First FX Element is 
[●] and the Second FX 
Element is [●]. 
[●] [Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination]] 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies][Not 
Applicable 
as 
[BRL/JPY Rate] 
[BRL/USD 
Rate] 
[BRL/EUR 
Rate] applies] 
[With respect to 
the 
First 
FX 
Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Applicable: 
[●]][Not 
Applicable 
as 
Calculation 
Agent FX Rate 
Determination 
applies]] 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] 
[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination applies] 
[With respect to the First FX Element: 
[Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid Price] 
[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
[Not applicable as Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination applies] 
With respect to the Second FX 
Element: [Offer Price][Bid Price][Mid 
Price] [As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2] [Not applicable as 
Calculation 
Agent 
FX 
Rate 
Determination applies]] 
(For each of the above, "Mid Price" 
will apply if "As per FX Linked Asset 
Condition 2" is selected) 
[[●] 
BRL/JPY 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment 
date)][[●] 
BRL/USD 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment date)] 
[[●] BRL/EUR 
Business 
Days 
prior 
to 
the 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[● (specify other 
payment date)]] 
[Not Specified] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of 
"BRL/JPY 
Business Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of 
"BRL/USD 
Business Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] 
is 
an 
additional 
financial centre 
for the purposes 
of the definition 
of 
"BRL/EUR 
Business Days"] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] FX Business 
Days] [As per 
FX Linked Asset 
Condition 6] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required)

--- Page 213 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
213 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
Base Currency: 
Valuation Time: 
Market Disruption Events: 
Unscheduled 
Holiday 
Deferral: 
Benchmark 
Obligation(s): 
Minimum 
Amount: 
Illiquidity 
Valuation Date: 
Minimum 
Amount: 
(for 
Specific 
Inconvertibility) 
[●] 
[●] 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
[With respect to 
the 
First 
FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday] 
With respect to 
the Second FX 
Element: 
[Closing] 
[●] 
[Intraday]] 
(Specify as per 
Asset 
Conditions) 
[Not Applicable] 
[All Market Disruption Events listed in 
Annex 1, Chapter 3 are applicable.] 
(If only one or some of the Market 
Disruption Events listed in Annex 1, 
Chapter 3 are applicable, delete the 
above paragraphs and specify below 
which Market Disruption Events 
apply)  
[The following Market Disruption 
Event[s] [is] [are] applicable: (specify 
which Market Disruption Event(s) 
appl(ies)(y)) [Benchmark Obligation 
Default][Dual 
Exchange 
Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-
Transferability][Governmental 
Authority 
Default][Illiquidity][Material Change 
in 
Circumstances][Nationalisation][Price 
Materiality][Price 
Source 
Disruption][Specific 
Inconvertibility][Specific 
Non-
Transferability]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
[●][Not 
specified] 
(If the Minimum 
Amount is not 
specified, 
the 
Minimum 
Amount will be 
the 
Event 
Currency 
Equivalent 
of 
U.S.$1.00) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Price Materiality 
Percentage 
Primary Rate: 
Secondary Rate: 
Event Currency(ies) and Non-Event 
Currency(ies): 
Successor 
Currency: 
JPY 
Price 
Source 
Disruption: 
JPY 
Relevant 
Page: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page1: 
JPY 
Fallback 
Page2: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●][As per FX 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are] [● 
(Insert relevant Event Currency)][not 
specified]. 
Non-Event Currenc[y][ies] [is][are]: 
[● 
(Insert 
relevant 
Non-Event 
Currency(ies) 
for 
each 
Event 
Currency)] in respect of [● (Insert 
relevant Event Currency)] 
(If an Event Currency is not specified, 
the Event Currency will be the 
Reference Currency) 
(Event Currency is an election for the 
Market Disruption Events of General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-
Transferability, Material Change in 
Circumstances, 
Nationalisation, 
Specific Inconvertibility and Specific 
Non-Transferability. If all of these 
Market 
Disruption 
Events 
are 
specified as not applicable above, 
delete column) 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(As 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 
4.1][Not Applicable]  
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s))

--- Page 214 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
214 
 
 
(v) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Five (5) FX Business Days][Fourteen (14) FX Business 
Days][Thirty (30) FX Business Days][[●] FX Business Days]/ 
[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(vii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[Specify]/[As per FX Linked Asset Condition 1]  
(If nothing is specified the default is two (2) Payment Business 
Days)] 
 
(d) 
[Inflation Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not applicable, 
delete this entire paragraph 26(d). If only one applies, please 
select relevant interest or redemption items below) 
[Inflation Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 4][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Inflation Index: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
(D) 
Related Bond: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, default Related Bond is the Fallback Bond) 
 
(E) 
Daily Inflation Rate  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, the Secondary Lag will not be applicable)  
 
(F) 
Primary Lag 
[•] [Three Months]  
(If not specified and the Daily Inflation Rate is applicable, the 
default is three months)

--- Page 215 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
215 
 
 
(G) 
Secondary Lag 
[•] [Two Months] [Not Applicable]  
(If not specified and the Daily Inflation Rate is applicable, the 
default is two months. If Daily Inflation Rate is not applicable, 
this should be not applicable.) 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] [and] 
["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Inflation Index: 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related Bond: 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate: 
Primary Lag: 
Secondary Lag: 
[1] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(if not applicable, 
default 
Related 
Bond 
is 
the 
Fallback Bond) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, 
the Secondary Lag 
will 
not 
be 
applicable)  
[•] [Three Months]  
(If not specified and 
the Daily Inflation 
Rate is applicable, 
the default is three 
months) 
[•] [Two Months] 
[Not Applicable]  
(If not specified and 
the Daily Inflation 
Rate is applicable, 
the default is two 
months. 
If 
Daily 
Inflation Rate is not 
applicable, 
this 
should 
be 
not 
applicable.) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(C) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund

--- Page 216 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
216 
 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] [and] 
["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components)]] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Inflation Index: 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related Bond: 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate: 
Primary Lag: 
Secondary Lag: 
[1] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(if not applicable, 
default 
Related 
Bond 
is 
the 
Fallback Bond) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, 
the Secondary Lag 
will 
not 
be 
applicable)  
[•] [Three Months]  
(If not specified and 
the Daily Inflation 
Rate is applicable, 
the default is three 
months) 
[•] [Two Months] 
[Not Applicable]  
(If not specified and 
the Daily Inflation 
Rate is applicable, 
the default is two 
months. 
If 
Daily 
Inflation Rate is not 
applicable, 
this 
should 
be 
not 
applicable.) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] [and] 
["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-Asset 
Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 217 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
217 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Inflation Index: 
Inflation 
Index 
Sponsor: 
Related Bond: 
Daily 
Inflation 
Rate: 
Primary Lag: 
Secondary Lag: 
[1] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(if not applicable, 
default 
Related 
Bond 
is 
the 
Fallback Bond) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, 
the Secondary Lag 
will 
not 
be 
applicable)  
[•] [Three Months]  
(If not specified and 
the Daily Inflation 
Rate is applicable, 
the default is three 
months) 
[•] [Two Months] 
[Not Applicable]  
(If not specified and 
the Daily Inflation 
Rate is applicable, 
the default is two 
months. 
If 
Daily 
Inflation Rate is not 
applicable, 
this 
should 
be 
not 
applicable.) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Inflation Linked Asset 
Condition 2.6][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s))] 
 
(e) 
[Rate Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not applicable, 
delete this entire paragraph 26(e). If only one applies, please 
select relevant interest or redemption items below) 
[Rate Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 5][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]]

--- Page 218 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
218 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Benchmark Rate: 
[●] 
(insert 
relevant 
designated 
period) 
[EURIBOR][SHIBOR][●] 
 
(C) 
Determination 
of 
Benchmark Rate Level: 
[ISDA Determination][Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(D) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
(Specify which, if any, Interest Accrual Periods will be subject 
to Linear Interpolation)] 
(Only applicable for Rate Linked Interest Security, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
(E) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a composite 
rate, in the case of SHIBOR, http://www.shibor.org) 
 
(II) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Time: 
[●] [Not Applicable] [11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels time) (in the case 
of EURIBOR)] 
 
(III) 
Relevant Inter-
Bank Market: 
[●][As specified in Annex 1, Chapter 5]  
(If market is not specified it will be the EURO-zone inter-bank 
market in the case of EURIBOR) 
 
(IV) 
Reference 
Banks: 
[Applicable [●]][Not Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks should be specified, unless "Not 
Specified" is selected, in which case the Calculation Agent is 
obliged to select the relevant Reference Banks) 
 
(F) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If any of the rows below is not applicable delete the relevant 
row or specify “Not Applicable”) 
 
(I) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
(II) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[●] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
[Applies to: [All Interest Accrual Periods][The following 
Interest Accrual Periods: [●]]

--- Page 219 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
219 
 
(If specified Designated Maturity applies to some Interest 
Accrual Periods only, repeat on subsequent rows until all 
relevant Interest Accrual Periods are provided for)] 
 
 
(Only applicable for Rate Linked Interest Security) 
 
(III) 
Reset Date: 
[(In the case of Rate Linked Redemption Security:) [●][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[(In the case of Rate Linked Interest Security:) [●][First day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (Standard wording if 
Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR)][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is not an 
overnight rate, otherwise the Reset Date is set as the last day 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified) 
 
(IV) 
Rate Cut-off 
Date: 
[●] 
 
(V) 
Compounding: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(1) 
OIS 
Comp
oundin
g: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(2) 
Comp
oundin
g with 
Lookb
ack: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(3) 
Comp
oundin
g with 
Obser
vation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5))

--- Page 220 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
220 
 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(4) 
Comp
oundin
g with 
Locko
ut: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(VI) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(1) 
Overni
ght 
Avera
ging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(2) 
Avera
ging 
with 
Lookb
ack: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lookback: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
(3) 
Avera
ging 
with 
Obser
vation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 221 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
221 
 
 
(4) 
Avera
ging 
with 
Locko
ut: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lockout: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Day: [●]] 
 
(VII) 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is applicable) 
 
(VIII) 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and Compounding or Averaging is applicable) 
 
(IX) 
Unweighted 
Average 
Floating Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(X) 
Weighted 
Average 
Floating Rate: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XI) 
Straight 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XII) 
Flat 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XIII) 
Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XIV) 
Compounding 
Date 
[●] 
 
(XV) 
Floating 
Negative 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XVI) 
Zero 
Interest 
Rate Method 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XVII) Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method 
Excluding 
Spread: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 222 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
222 
 
 
(XVIII) Standard Index 
Method 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XIX) 
All-In 
Compounded 
Index Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XX) 
Compounded 
Index Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XXI) 
Compounded 
Index Method 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[Applicable: (specify)][Not Applicable]  
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [●] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day: [●]] 
 
 
Set in Advance: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
(XXII) Successor 
Benchmark: 
[●] 
 
(XXIII) Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
(XXIV) Administrator/
Benchmark 
Event: 
[In accordance with the Floating Rate Matrix][●] 
 
(XXV) Linear 
Interpolation 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(XXVI) Day Count 
Basis: 
[●] 
 
(XXVII) Rounding 
[●] 
 
(XXVIII) 
Altern
ative 
Pre-
nominated 
Index: 
[●] 
 
(XXIX) Impacted 
Index: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph)

--- Page 223 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
223 
 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] [and] 
["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Underlying: 
Benchmark Rate: 
Determination 
of 
Benchmark 
Rate 
Level: 
Relevant Screen Page: 
Relevant Screen Page 
Time: 
Relevant 
Inter-Bank 
Market: 
Reference Banks: 
[1] 
[●] (insert relevant 
designated 
period) 
[EURIBOR] 
[SHIBOR][●] 
[ISDA Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[●][Not Applicable]  
(In 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR, 
if 
not 
Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page 
which 
shows 
a 
composite rate, in the 
case 
of 
SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.org) 
[●][Not 
Applicable] 
[11.00 a.m.] [(Brussels 
time) (in the case of 
EURIBOR)] 
[●][As 
specified 
in 
Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If 
market 
is 
not 
specified it will be the 
EURO-zone inter-bank 
market in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
[Applicable [●]] [Not 
Specified] 
(Four Reference Banks 
should be specified, 
unless "Not Specified" 
is selected, in which 
case the Calculation 
Agent is obliged to 
select 
the 
relevant 
Reference Banks) 
((Add rows (numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
Compounding: 
OIS Compounding: 
Compounding with 
Lookback: 
Compounding with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
Compounding with 
Lockout: 
[●] 
[●] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not 
an overnight rate) 
[Applies to: 
[All 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods] 
[The 
following 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods: 
[●]] 
(If 
specified 
Designated 
Maturity applies to 
some 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
only, 
repeat 
on 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked Redemption 
Security:) 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(In the case of Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security:) [●] [First 
day of the relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
(Standard 
wording if Floating 
Rate Option is based 
on EURIBOR)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is not 
an overnight rate, 
[●] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five 
(5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five 
(5)) 
[Observation Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five 
(5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]]

--- Page 224 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
224 
 
subsequent 
rows 
until all relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
are 
provided for)] 
(Only applicable for 
Rate Linked Interest 
Security) 
otherwise the Reset 
Date is set as the 
last 
day 
of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
specified) 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Averaging: 
Overnight Averaging: 
Averaging with Lookback: Averaging 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
Averaging with Lockout: 
Daily Capped Rate: 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is specified, 
and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating 
Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift: 
[●]  
(If no number is specified 
and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating 
Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day: 
[●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If no number is specified, 
and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating 
Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout Period Business 
Day: [●]] 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight 
rate 
and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging is applicable) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the 
Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight 
rate 
and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging is applicable) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Unweighted Average 
Floating Rate: 
Weighted 
Average 
Floating Rate: 
Straight 
Compounding: 
Flat Compounding: 
Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding: 
Compounding Date: 
Floating 
Negative 
Interest Rate Method: 
Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Zero Interest 
Rate Method 
Excluding 
Spread: 
Standard 
Index 
Method: 
All-In 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
Compounded 
Index Method 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
Successor 
Benchmar
k 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective 
Date: 
Administrato
r/Benchmark 
Event: 
Linear 
Interpolation
: 
Day Count 
Basis: 
Rounding 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
Impacted 
Index: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: 
(specify)][No
t Applicable]  
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[●] 
(If no number 
is 
specified, 
and there is 
no 
default 
applicable to 
the Floating 
Rate Option, 
the 
default 
value will be 
five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Day: [●]] 
[Applicabl
e][Not 
Applicable
] 
 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Matrix][●] 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 225 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
225 
 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable]] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(C) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Underlying: 
Benchmark Rate: 
Determination 
of 
Benchmark 
Rate 
Level: 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page Time: 
Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market: 
Reference Banks: 
[1] 
[●] (insert relevant 
designated period) 
[EURIBOR] 
[SHIBOR][●] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[●][Not Applicable]  
(In 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR, if not 
Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which 
shows a composite 
rate, in the case of 
SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.o
rg) 
[●][Not Applicable] 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[(Brussels time) (in 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR)] 
[●][As specified in 
Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If market is not 
specified it will be 
the 
EURO-zone 
inter-bank 
market 
in 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR) 
 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not Specified] 
(Four 
Reference 
Banks should be 
specified, 
unless 
"Not Specified" is 
selected, in which 
case the Calculation 
Agent is obliged to 
select the relevant 
Reference Banks) 
((Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
Rate 
Cut-off 
Date: 
Compounding: 
OIS 
Compounding: 
Compounding 
with Lookback: 
Compounding 
with Observation 
Period Shift: 
Compounding 
with Lockout:

--- Page 226 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
226 
 
[●] 
[●] 
(Only applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option is not an 
overnight rate) 
[Applies to: [All 
Interest Accrual 
Periods] 
[The 
following 
Interest Accrual 
Periods: [●]] 
(If 
specified 
Designated 
Maturity applies 
to some Interest 
Accrual Periods 
only, repeat on 
subsequent rows 
until all relevant 
Interest Accrual 
Periods 
are 
provided for)] 
(Only applicable 
for Rate Linked 
Interest Security) 
[(In the case of 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security:) 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(In the case of 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security:) 
[●] 
[First day of the 
relevant Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
(Standard 
wording 
if 
Floating 
Rate 
Option is based 
on 
EURIBOR)] 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option is not an 
overnight 
rate, 
otherwise 
the 
Reset Date is set 
as the last day of 
the 
relevant 
Interest Accrual 
Period, 
unless 
otherwise 
specified) 
[●] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
is 
an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, 
and 
there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period Shift: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified 
and 
there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Day: 
[●]] 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, 
and 
there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default value will 
be five (5)) 
[Lockout Period 
Business 
Day: 
[●]] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Averaging: 
Overnight Averaging: 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
Daily Capped Rate: 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, and there is 
no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified and there is 
no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If 
no 
number 
is 
specified, and there is 
no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight 
rate 
and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where 
the 
Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight 
rate 
and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
(Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Unweighted Average 
Floating Rate: 
Weighted 
Average 
Floating Rate: 
Straight 
Compounding: 
Flat Compounding: 
Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding: 
Compounding Date: 
Floating 
Negative 
Interest Rate Method: 
Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required)

--- Page 227 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
227 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Zero Interest 
Rate Method 
Excluding 
Spread: 
Standard 
Index 
Method: 
All-In 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
Compounded 
Index Method 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
Successor 
Benchmar
k 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective 
Date: 
Administrato
r/Benchmark 
Event: 
Linear 
Interpolation
: 
Day Count 
Basis: 
Rounding 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
Impacted 
Index: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: 
(specify)][Not 
Applicable]  
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[●] 
(If no number 
is 
specified, 
and there is 
no 
default 
applicable to 
the Floating 
Rate Option, 
the 
default 
value will be 
five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicabl
e][Not 
Applicable
] 
 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Matrix][●] 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Underlying: 
Benchmark Rate: 
Determination 
of 
Benchmark 
Rate 
Level: 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page Time: 
Relevant Inter-Bank 
Market: 
Reference Banks:

--- Page 228 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
228 
 
[1] 
[●] (insert relevant 
designated period) 
[EURIBOR] 
[SHIBOR][●] 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
[●][Not Applicable]  
(In 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR, if not 
Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which 
shows a composite 
rate, in the case of 
SHIBOR, 
http://www.shibor.o
rg) 
[●][Not Applicable] 
[11.00 
a.m.] 
[(Brussels time) (in 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR)] 
[●][As specified in 
Annex 1, Chapter 5] 
(If market is not 
specified it will be 
the 
EURO-zone 
inter-bank 
market 
in 
the 
case 
of 
EURIBOR) 
 
[Applicable 
[●]] 
[Not Specified] 
(Four 
Reference 
Banks should be 
specified, 
unless 
"Not Specified" is 
selected, in which 
case the Calculation 
Agent is obliged to 
select the relevant 
Reference Banks) 
((Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
Designated 
Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
Rate 
Cut-off 
Date: 
Compounding: OIS 
Compounding: 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
Compounding 
with Lockout: 
[●] 
[●] 
(Only 
applicable 
where 
the 
Floating Rate 
Option is not 
an 
overnight 
rate) 
[Applies 
to: 
[All 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods] [The 
following 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods: [●]] 
(If 
specified 
Designated 
Maturity 
applies to some 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
only, 
repeat 
on 
subsequent 
rows until all 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Periods 
are 
provided for)] 
(Only 
applicable for 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security) 
[(In the case of 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security:) 
[●][Not 
Applicable]] 
[(In the case of 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest 
Security:) [●] 
[First day of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual Period 
(Standard 
wording 
if 
Floating Rate 
Option 
is 
based 
on 
EURIBOR)] 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
(Only 
applicable 
where 
the 
Floating Rate 
Option is not 
an 
overnight 
rate, otherwise 
the Reset Date 
is set as the last 
day 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period, unless 
otherwise 
specified) 
[●] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where 
the 
Floating Rate 
Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][N
ot Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number 
is 
specified, 
and there is no 
default 
applicable 
to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be 
five (5)) 
[Applicable][N
ot Applicable] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[●]  
(If no number 
is specified and 
there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable 
to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be 
five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: 
[●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If no number 
is 
specified, 
and there is no 
default 
applicable 
to 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
the 
default 
value will be 
five (5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: 
[●]] 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination]

--- Page 229 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
229 
 
Averaging: 
Overnight 
Averaging: 
Averaging 
with 
Lookback: 
Averaging 
with 
Observation Period 
Shift: 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
Daily Capped Rate: Daily Floored Rate: 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lookback: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five 
(5)) 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Observation Period 
Shift: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five 
(5)) 
[Observation Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Lockout: [●]  
(If no number is 
specified, and there 
is 
no 
default 
applicable to the 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, the default 
value will be five 
(5)) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business Day: [●]] 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
[●] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
where the Floating 
Rate Option is an 
overnight rate and 
Compounding 
or 
Averaging 
is 
applicable) 
 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
[Unweighted Average 
Floating Rate: 
[Weighted 
Average 
Floating Rate: 
[Straight 
Compounding: 
[Flat Compounding: 
[Spread 
Exclusive 
Compounding: 
[Compounding Date: 
[Floating 
Negative 
Interest Rate Method: 
[Zero 
Interest 
Rate 
Method: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) (Add rows as required) 
 
[ISDA Determination] 
Zero Interest 
Rate Method 
Excluding 
Spread: 
Standard 
Index 
Method: 
All-In 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
Compounded 
Index Method 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
Successor 
Benchmar
k 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective 
Date: 
Administrato
r/Benchmark 
Event: 
Linear 
Interpolation
: 
Day Count 
Basis: 
Rounding 
Alternative 
Pre-nominated 
Index: 
Impacted 
Index: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: 
(specify)][Not 
Applicable]  
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[●] 
(If no number 
is 
specified, 
and there is 
no 
default 
applicable to 
the Floating 
Rate Option, 
the 
default 
value will be 
five (5)) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Day: [●]] 
Set 
in 
Advance: 
[Applicable][
Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicabl
e][Not 
Applicable
] 
 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Floating 
Rate 
Matrix][●] 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 230 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
230 
 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Rate Linked Asset Condition 
2][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(v) 
[Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable]  
(Only applicable for Rate Linked Interest Security, otherwise 
delete row)]]  
 
(f) 
[ETF Linked Security: 
(If both interest or redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 26(f). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
[ETF Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 6][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
ETF: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
[Number of ETF Units: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination][Calculation Agent 
Determination – Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption 
Amount] [● (Insert other determination method if

--- Page 231 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
231 
 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] (Only applicable if Physical 
Settlement applies) 
(Only applicable for ETF Linked Redemption Security, 
otherwise delete row)] 
 
(D) 
Exchange: 
[●] 
 
(E) 
Related Exchange: 
[●] 
 
(F) 
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Reporting Disruption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
ETF Insolvency Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis)][Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per ETF Basis)] 
 
(C) 
Exchange Business Day: [Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis)][Exchange 
Business Day (Per ETF Basis)] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
ETF: 
[Number of ETF 
Units 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Tender Offer: 
Reporting 
Disruption: 
ETF Insolvency 
Event: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row each ETF used 
as an Underlying 
for determination 
[[●] per Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation Agent 
Determination 
– 
Specified 
Denomination.] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 232 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
232 
 
of the applicable 
redemption amount 
and % weighting) 
[Calculation Agent 
Determination 
– 
Final / Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] [● (Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] (Only 
applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement applies) 
(Only 
applicable 
for ETF Linked 
Redemption 
Security, otherwise 
delete column)] 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
ETF: 
[Number of ETF 
Units 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Tender Offer: 
Reporting 
Disruption: 
ETF Insolvency 
Event: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each ETF used as 
an 
Underlying 
for determination 
of the applicable 
redemption 
amount and % 
weighting) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Specified 
Denomination.] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Final / Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 233 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
233 
 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement 
applies) 
(Only applicable 
for ETF Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise delete 
column)] 
(Add rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
 
(G) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(H) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
ETF: 
[Number of ETF 
Units 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Tender Offer: 
Reporting 
Disruption: 
ETF Insolvency 
Event: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each ETF used as 
an 
Underlying 
for determination 
of the applicable 
redemption 
amount and % 
weighting) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Specified 
Denomination.] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Final / Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 234 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
234 
 
applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement 
applies) 
(Only applicable 
for ETF Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise delete 
column)] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 
3.5][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Specify]//[As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight (8) Scheduled 
Trading Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[Specify]//[As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 1] 
 (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment 
Extension Days will be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(vii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(viii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
Closing][Intraday][Closing/Intraday 
– 
SIV 
(Specified 
Intraday Value(s): [●])][●] 
 
(x) 
[Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Cash or Physical Settlement]] 
(Only applicable for ETF Linked Redemption Security, 
otherwise delete paragraph and the subparagraphs to this 
paragraph)] 
 
(A) 
Physical Settlement ETF [All ETF] [Best of Performance] [Worst of Performance] 
[Worst of Performance A] [ Worst of Performance B] [Xth 
Worst Performance with X being number [●]] [●] [Not 
Applicable] 
[as determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff which has been elected to

--- Page 235 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
235 
 
determine relevant performance level) (as completed in 
paragraph 
["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [●] 
[and] ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] [[●] (Specify other)] 
(Only specify where there is a Basket of ETFs) 
 
(B) 
Physical Settlement ETF 
Price: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only specify if Number of ETF Units 
determined by reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
(C) 
Observation Date for the 
purposes of determining 
the Number of ETF 
Units: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) (Only specify if Number of Shares 
determined by reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
(D) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
Date: 
[As determined in accordance with the ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions][Date falling [●] Exchange Business Days after 
the Determination of the Realisable Amount] 
 
(E) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Procedure (ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4.6(a)): 
[As determined in accordance with the ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions] [Not Applicable][Securityholder shall deliver 
[[10][●]] Business Days prior to the Physical Settlement Date 
the documents specified in ETF Linked Asset Condition 
4.6(a) (Procedure by Securityholders)] 
 
(F) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not Applicable] [[●] 
Exchange Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6(b)] [Not Applicable] 
[[5][●]] Business Days] 
 
(H) 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [specify if applicable] 
 
(J) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank][●] 
 
(K) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] [Specified Currency] 
 
(L) 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(M) 
Currency 
Specified 
Time: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N) 
Currency Specified Date: [●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(O) 
Quotations: 
 
 
(I) 
Quotation 
Valuation 
Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
ETF 
Unit 
Dealer: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(P) 
Clearance System: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 236 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
236 
 
 
(Q) 
Fractional ETF Unit: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2][as rounded down 
to the closest three decimal places][as rounded down to the 
closest [●] decimal places] [Not Applicable] 
 
(R) 
Fractional 
ETF 
Unit 
Amount: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2][Not Applicable] 
 
(S) 
Observation Date for the 
purposes of determining 
the Fractional ETF Unit 
Amount: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(T) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[●][As per ETF Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(g) 
[Share Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 26(g). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
[Share Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security: 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 7][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Share: 
[[●]; ISIN code [●]] 
 
(C) 
[Number of Shares: 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination][Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – Specified Denomination] [Calculation Agent 
Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption Amount] [● 
(Insert other determination method if applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable if Physical Settlement applies)] 
(Only applicable for Share Linked Redemption Security, 
otherwise delete row)] 
 
(D) 
Exchange: 
[●]

--- Page 237 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
237 
 
 
(E) 
Related Exchange: 
[●][All Exchanges] 
 
(F) 
Valuation Time: 
[Closing][Intraday][Closing/Intraday 
– 
SIV 
(Specified 
Intraday Value(s): [●])][●] 
 
(G) 
Depository Receipts: 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: [Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)][Scheduled 
Trading (All Share Basis)] 
 
(C) 
Exchange Business Day: [Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)][Exchange 
Business Day (All Share Basis)] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Share: 
[Number 
of 
Shares: 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation Time: 
Depository 
Receipts: 
Weighting 
[1] 
[[●]; ISIN code 
[●]] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each share used 
as an Underlying 
for determination 
of the applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Final / Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
[●] 
[●][All 
Exchanges] 
[●] 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] per cent.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 238 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
238 
 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement 
applies) 
(Only 
applicable 
for 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise delete 
column)] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert 
name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Share: 
[Number 
of 
Shares: 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation Time: 
Depository 
Receipts: 
Weighting 
[1] 
[[●]; ISIN code 
[●]] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each share used 
as an Underlying 
for determination 
of the applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Final / Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not 
[●] 
[●][All 
Exchanges] 
[●] 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] per cent.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 239 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
239 
 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement 
applies) 
(Only 
applicable 
for 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise delete 
column)] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(G) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] 
["Rate Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of 
other Multi-Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(H) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Combination 
Interest 
Payoff 
[● 
(Insert name 
of 
Combination Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Share: 
[Number 
of 
Shares: 
Exchange: 
Related 
Exchange: 
Valuation Time: 
Depository 
Receipts: 
Weighting 
[1] 
[[●]; ISIN code 
[●]] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each share used 
as an Underlying 
for determination 
of the applicable 
redemption 
amount) 
[[●] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination – 
Final / Instalment 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[● 
(Insert 
other 
determination 
method 
if 
applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Only applicable 
if 
Physical 
Settlement 
[●] 
[●][All 
Exchanges] 
[●] 
[Partial 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Full 
Lookthrough 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Provisions 
applicable] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[●] per cent.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 240 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
240 
 
applies) 
(Only 
applicable 
for 
Share 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security, 
otherwise delete 
column)] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 
3.3][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
[Dividend Disruption] 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Specify]//[As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight (8) Scheduled 
Trading Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[Specify]//[As per Share Linked Asset Condition 1] 
 (If no Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment 
Extension Days will be equal to two (2) Payment Business 
Days) 
 
(vii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(ix) 
[Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][Cash or Physical Settlement] 
(Only applicable for Share Linked Redemption Security, 
otherwise delete paragraph and the subparagraphs to this 
paragraph)] 
 
(A) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Share: 
[All Shares] [Best of Performance] [Worst of Performance] 
[Worst of Performance A] [ Worst of Performance B] [Xth 
Worst Performance with X being number [●]] [●] [Not 
Applicable] 
[as determined in accordance with [●] (Insert name of 
Standard Redemption Payoff which has been elected to 
determine relevant performance level) (as completed in 
paragraph 
["Combination 
Redemption 
Payoff 
Provisions"]["Standard Redemption Payoff Provisions"] [●]

--- Page 241 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
241 
 
[and] ["PAYOFF FEATURES (IF ANY) RELATING TO 
REDEMPTION"] of these Final Terms)] [[●] (Specify other)] 
(Only specify where there is a Basket of Shares) 
 
(B) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Share Price: 
[●] [Not Applicable] (Only specify if Number of Shares 
determined by reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
(C) 
Observation Date for the 
purposes of determining 
the Number of Shares: 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) (Only specify if Number of Shares 
determined by reference to Calculation Agent Determination) 
 
(D) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
Date 
[As determined in accordance with the Share Linked Asset 
Conditions][Date falling [●] Exchange Business Days after 
the Determination of the Realisable Amount] 
 
(E) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Procedure (Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4.6(a)): 
[As determined in accordance with Share Linked Asset 
Conditions] [Not Applicable] [Securityholder shall deliver 
[[10][●]] Business Days prior to the Physical Settlement Date 
the documents specified in Share Linked Asset Condition 
4.6(a) (Procedure by Securityholders)] 
 
(F) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [[●] Exchange 
Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Notice Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6(b)] [Not 
Applicable] [[5][●] Business Days] 
 
(H) 
Escrow: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Escrow Agent: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [specify if applicable] 
 
(J) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank][●] 
 
(K) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●] [Specified Currency] 
 
(L) 
Currency Screen Page: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(M) 
Currency 
Specified 
Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(N) 
Currency Specified Date: [●][Not Applicable] 
 
(O) 
Quotations: 
 
 
(I) 
Quotation 
Valuation 
Time: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(II) 
Share Dealer: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(P) 
Clearance System: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Q) 
Fractional Share: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2][as rounded down 
to the closest three decimal places][as rounded down to the 
closest [●] decimal places] [Not Applicable] 
 
(R) 
Fractional 
Share 
Amount: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2][Not Applicable]

--- Page 242 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
242 
 
 
(I) 
Observation 
Date 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the 
Fractional 
Share Amount: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(S) 
Physical 
Settlement 
Date: 
[●][As per Share Linked Asset Condition 2] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(h) 
[Fund Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 26(h). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
[Fund Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 8][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Reference Fund [/Euro 
Fund]: 
[●] (for Euro Fund, also insert name of the Insurer, Gross 
Rate of Return and Provisional Minimum Rate) 
 
(C) 
Fund Interest: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Fund Interest Unit: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(E) 
Fund Price: 
[●] (Either a price or method for determining price should be 
specified here) 
[As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
[NAV: 
Subject to Calculation Agent Adjustment: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 243 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
243 
 
Redemption Fees: [●] [None]] 
[Execution Method/Subscription] 
[Execution Method/Redemption] 
[Order Method/Subscription] 
[Order Method/Redemption] 
 
(F) 
Key Person: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(G) 
Fund Administrator: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(H) 
Fund Adviser: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(I) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(J) 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Reference Fund: 
Fund Interest: 
Fund Interest Unit: 
Fund Price: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row each reference 
fund used as an 
Underlying 
for 
determination 
of 
interest) 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] (Either a price 
or 
method 
for 
determining 
price 
should be specified 
here)

--- Page 244 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
244 
 
[As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2]  
[NAV: 
(If NAV selected, 
specify 
the 
following) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Redemption 
Fees: 
[●] [None]] 
[Execution Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Execution Method/ 
Redemption] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Redemption] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Key Person: 
Fund 
Administrator: 
Fund Adviser: 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
Valuation Time: 
Weighting 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(C) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]]

--- Page 245 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
245 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Reference Fund: 
Fund Interest: 
Fund Interest Unit: 
Fund Price: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List on a separate 
row each reference 
fund used as an 
Underlying 
for 
determination 
of 
interest) 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] (Either a price 
or 
method 
for 
determining 
price 
should be specified 
here) 
[As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2]  
[NAV: 
(If NAV selected, 
specify 
the 
following) 
Calculation 
Agent 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Redemption 
Fees: 
[●] [None]] 
[Execution Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Execution Method/ 
Redemption] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Subscription] 
[Order 
Method/ 
Redemption] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Key Person: 
Fund 
Administrator: 
Fund Adviser: 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
Valuation Time: 
Weighting 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Future Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]]

--- Page 246 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
246 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Reference Fund: 
Fund Interest: 
Fund 
Interest 
Unit: 
Fund Price: 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Payment Date: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each 
reference 
fund used as an 
Underlying 
for 
determination of 
interest) 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
(Either 
a 
price or method 
for determining 
price should be 
specified here) 
[As 
per 
Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
(If no date is 
specified, 
the 
date by which the 
relevant 
Reference Fund 
is scheduled to 
have 
paid 
redemption 
proceeds to an 
investor 
redeeming as of 
the 
related 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
Valuation Date) 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
Key Person: 
Fund 
Administrator: 
Fund Adviser: 
Fund 
Service 
Provider: 
Valuation Time: 
Weighting 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●][As per Fund 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add rows as required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 
3.3][Not Applicable] 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[Applicable in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 
3.2(b)]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 247 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
247 
 
 
 
[Fund Insolvency Event is not applicable][ 
 
 
Fund Insolvency Entity: [●]] 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event is not applicable][ 
 
 
NAV Trigger Period: [●] 
 
 
NAV Trigger Percentage: [●]] 
 
 
[Fund Management Event is not applicable 
 
 
[Fund Modification is not applicable] 
 
 
[Holding Limit is not applicable] 
 
 
[Strategy Breach is not applicable] 
 
 
[Regulatory Action is not applicable] 
 
 
[Reporting Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Merger Event is not applicable] 
 
 
[Closure of the Fund is not applicable] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event is not applicable] 
 
 
[Liquidity Modification is not applicable] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio is not applicable] 
 
 
[Breach or Termination of Agreement is not applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable is specified, the Extraordinary Events of 
Nationalisation and Insolvency will still apply) 
 
(v) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●][As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(vii) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Specify]/ [As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
 
 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight (8) Fund Business 
Days) 
 
(viii) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[Specify]/ [As per Fund Linked Asset Condition 1] (If no 
Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment Extension Days 
will be equal to two (2) Payment Business Days) 
 
(ix) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(x) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Intermediate Payment Date: 
[●][Not Applicable]

--- Page 248 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
248 
 
(Specify an Interest Payment Date or an Instalment Date)] 
 
(i) 
[Future Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 23(i). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
 
 
[Future Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security 
Applicable in accordance with Annex 1, Chapter 9][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Future: 
[●] 
 
(C) 
Roll Adjustment: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Future Underlier: 
[●] 
 
(E) 
Expiry Date: 
[●] 
 
(F) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(G) 
Related Exchanges: 
[●] 
 
(H) 
Active Future Contract: 
[●] 
 
(I) 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[●] 
 
(J) 
Initial Quality Factor 
[●][As per Future Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(K) 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
[Option Fixing Roll][Option TWAP Roll][As per Future 
Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(L) 
Rolling Cost: 
[●][As per Future Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(M) 
Rolling Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 249 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
249 
 
 
(N) 
Rolling Time: 
[●] 
 
(O) 
AFC_TWAPStartTime: 
[●] 
 
(P) 
AFC_TWAPEndTime: 
[●] 
 
(Q) 
NAFC_TWAPStartTime
: 
[●] 
 
(R) 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime: [●] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  [Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(C) 
Exchange Business Day:  [Single Future Basis/All Future Basis/Per Future Basis] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Future: 
Roll 
Adjustment: 
Future 
Underlier: 
Expiry Date: 
Exchange(s): 
Related 
Exchanges: 
Exchange 
Business Day: 
Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each future used 
as 
an 
Underlying) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[specify] 
[●] 
[Single Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[Single Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required)

--- Page 250 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
250 
 
Initial 
Quality 
Factor: 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
Rolling Cost: 
Rolling Date(s): 
Rolling Time: 
AFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
AFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
Weighting 
[●] [As per Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Option 
Fixing 
Roll] 
[Option 
TWAP Roll] [As 
per Future Linked 
Asset Condition 
2] 
[●][As per Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Future: 
Roll 
Adjustment: 
Future 
Underlier: 
Expiry Date: 
Exchange(s): 
Related 
Exchanges: 
Exchange 
Business Day: 
Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each future used 
as 
an 
Underlying) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[specify] 
[●] 
[Single Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[Single Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Initial 
Quality 
Factor: 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
Rolling Cost: 
Rolling Date(s): 
Rolling Time: 
AFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
AFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
Weighting 
[●] [As per Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Option 
Fixing 
Roll] 
[Option 
TWAP Roll] [As 
per Future Linked 
Asset Condition 
2] 
[●][As per Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required)

--- Page 251 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
251 
 
 
(G) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(H) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
Underlying: 
Future: 
Roll 
Adjustment: 
Future 
Underlier: 
Expiry Date: 
Exchange(s): 
Related 
Exchanges: 
Exchange 
Business Day: 
Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract: 
[1] 
[●] 
(List 
on 
a 
separate 
row 
each future used 
as 
an 
Underlying) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[specify] 
[●] 
[Single Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[Single Future 
Basis/ 
All 
Future 
Basis/ 
Per 
Future 
Basis] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
(numbered 
sequentially) as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
(Add rows as 
required) 
 
Initial 
Quality 
Factor: 
Quality 
Adjustment 
Factor: 
Rolling Cost: 
Rolling Date(s): 
Rolling Time: 
AFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
AFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
StartTime: 
NAFC_TWAP 
EndTime: 
Weighting 
[●] [As per Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[Option 
Fixing 
Roll] 
[Option 
TWAP Roll] [As 
per Future Linked 
Asset Condition 
2] 
[●][As per Future 
Linked 
Asset 
Condition 2] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
(Add 
rows 
as 
required) 
 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Future Linked Asset 
Condition 3.3][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
 
[Dividend Disruption]

--- Page 252 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
252 
 
 
(iv) 
Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Specify]/[As per Future Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight (8) Scheduled 
Trading Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[Specify]/[As per Future Linked Asset Condition 1] (If no 
Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment Extension Days 
will be equal to two (2) Payment Business Days) 
 
(vii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(j) 
Portfolio Linked Security: 
(If both interest and redemption items below are not 
applicable, delete this entire paragraph 23(i). If only one 
applies, please select relevant interest or redemption items 
below) 
 
 
[Portfolio Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] Security 
Applicable in accordance with [Annex 1, Chapter 10][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Single Underlying: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
(B) 
Basket Component(s): 
As specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes 
 
(C) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(D) 
Commodity 
Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes] 
[Not applicable]

--- Page 253 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
253 
 
 
(E) 
Derivatives 
Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(F) 
Equity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(G) 
Cash Position(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(H) 
Market Data: 
[Applicable, as specified in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Basket][Multi-Asset Basket]: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
subparagraph) 
 
(A) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[i] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Future Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(B) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
 
(Complete table in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes for each 
Portfolio in the applicable Basket or Multi-Asset Basket.) 
 
(C) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[j] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Future Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(D) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]]

--- Page 254 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
254 
 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
 
(Complete table in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes for each 
Portfolio in the applicable Basket or Multi-Asset Basket.) 
 
(E) 
[[Basket][Multi-Asset 
Basket]: 
[k] [(Please also refer to paragraph[s] ["Commodity Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Index Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate 
Linked Security"] [and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] 
["Share Linked Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] 
[and] ["Future Linked Security"] for details of other Multi-
Asset Basket Components)]] 
 
(F) 
Applicable 
for 
the 
purposes of: 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
 
[Early Redemption Trigger [● (Insert name of Redemption 
Trigger)]] 
 
 
(Complete table in Part [F] – Portfolio Linked Notes for each 
Portfolio in the applicable Basket or Multi-Asset Basket.) 
 
(iii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset 
Condition [6.2]][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Dividend Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Borrow is not applicable] 
[Loss of Borrow is not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
[Other Events: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
255 
 
 
(v) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify]/[As per Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight (8) Scheduled 
Calculation Days) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[specify][As per Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 1] (If no 
Payment Extension Days are stated, Payment Extension Days 
will be equal to two (2) Payment Business Days) 
 
(vii) 
Averaging Date Disruption: 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s))] 
 
(k) 
[Multi-Asset Basket Linked Security: 
(If not applicable, delete this entire paragraph 23(k)) 
 
 
[Multi-Asset Basket Linked [Interest] [and] [Redemption] 
Security: 
Applicable 
in 
accordance 
with 
Annex 1, 
Chapter 11][Not Applicable] (If applicable, at least two of 
paragraphs 23(a) to 23(j) should be specified as Applicable) 
 
(i) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable in accordance with Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Asset Condition 6.2][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Change in Law is not applicable] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Dividend Disruption is not applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Borrow is not applicable] 
[Loss of Borrow is not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify]/[As per Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 
2] 
 
 
(If no Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight (8) Commodity 
Business Days, Scheduled Trading Days, FX Business Days, 
Scheduled Trading Days, Scheduled Trading Days or Fund 
Business Days, as the case may be) 
 
(iii) 
Multi-Asset Basket Component: [Each][(specify)] [Commodity][Index][Inflation Index][FX 
Rate][Benchmark Rate][ETF] [Share] [Fund Interest] set out 
in paragraph ["Commodity Linked Security"] [and] ["Index 
Linked Security"] [and] ["FX Linked Security"] [and] 
["Inflation Linked Security"] [and] ["Rate Linked Security"] 
[and] ["ETF Linked Security"] [and] ["Share Linked 
Security"] [and] ["Fund Linked Security"] [and] ["Future 
Linked Security"] [and] ["Portfolio Linked Security"] for the 
purposes of:

--- Page 256 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
256 
 
 
 
[Standard Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard Interest 
Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Interest Payoff [● (Insert name of Combination 
Interest Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Standard Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of Standard 
Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Combination Redemption Payoff [● (Insert name of 
Combination Redemption Payoff)]] 
 
 
[Payoff Feature [● (Insert name of Payoff Feature)]] 
 
(iv) 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day: 
[Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets 
Basis)] [Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per 
Asset Basis)] 
 
 
(If neither option is specified, Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Assets Basis) will be deemed to apply) 
 
(v) 
Observation Date(s): 
[●] (Specify any business day convention applicable to the 
Observation Date(s)) 
 
(vi) 
Payment Extension Days: 
[specify][As per Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 
1]] 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SECURED SECURITIES 
24. 
Secured Security Provisions: 
[Applicable in accordance with Annex 10] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining provisions of this 
section). 
 
(a) 
Waiver of Rights: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Third Party Security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable provide details of 
the Third Party Chargor including applicable notice details). 
 
(c) 
Additional Security Document: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable provide details of 
the Additional Security Document(s)). (duplicate if Multiple 
Custodians is applicable) 
 
(d) 
Additional Charged Document: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If applicable provide details of 
the Additional Charged Document(s)). 
 
(e) 
Multiple Custodians: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Custodian(s): 
(If "Multiple Custodians" applicable, specify two (2) 
Custodians) 
[Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV][Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A.][Citibank Europe PLC, Luxembourg Branch][BNY] [●] 
(specify entity appointed as Custodian) 
 
 
(If other entity specified, include the remaining provisions of 
this section)

--- Page 257 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
257 
 
 
(g) 
Series Custodian Agreement: 
[●] (specify agreement or agreements pursuant to which the 
custodian arrangements with the Custodian are established) 
 
(h) 
Address: 
[●] (specify address of Custodian(s)) 
 
(i) 
Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Alternative Valuation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] The Collateral Assets which 
will be subject to Alternative Valuation are [●] and the 
alternative source or delegate for the Alternative Valuation is 
[●] 
 
(k) 
Security Trustee or (in respect of French 
Law Securities) Security Agent: 
Citigroup Trustee Company Limited[, acting for itself and [for 
the Securityholders and the other Secured Parties pursuant to 
articles 2488-6 to 2488-12 of the French Civil Code] [on 
behalf of the Securityholders and the other Secured Parties 
pursuant to articles 1984 et seq. of the French Civil Code.]] 
 
 
(If Security Trustee or Security Agent is Citigroup Trustee 
Company Limited, delete the remaining provisions of this 
section)  
[●] (specify entity appointed as Security Trustee or Security 
Agent) [acting for itself and [for the Securityholders and the 
other Secured Parties pursuant to articles 2488-6 to 2488-12 of 
the French Civil Code] [on behalf of the Securityholders and 
the other Secured Parties pursuant to articles 1984 et seq. of 
the French Civil Code.] 
 
(i) 
Series Security Trust Deed for 
Security Trustee or (in respect of 
French Law Securities) Security 
Agency Agreement for Security 
Agent: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Address: 
[●] (specify address of Security Trustee) 
 
(l) 
Collateral Assets as at the Issue Date: 
[Specify] 
 
(m) 
Collateral Account: 
[Specify] (duplicate if Multiple Custodians is applicable) 
 
(n) 
Collateral Pool Type: 
[Single Series Collateral Pool] [Multiple Series Collateral 
Pool] 
 
(o) 
Collateral Pool identification number: 
[●] (duplicate if Multiple Custodians is applicable) 
 
(p) 
Disposal Agent: 
[●] 
 
(q) 
Collateral Monitoring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Collateral Monitoring is Not Applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Self-Monitoring: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Collateral Monitoring Agent(s): 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV (applies when Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
is the applicable Custodian)][Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(applies when Clearstream Banking, S.A. is the applicable 
Custodian)][The 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
Mellon

--- Page 258 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
258 
 
SA/NV][[CACIB] 
as 
Collateral 
Manager][other][Not 
Applicable] 
(If Self-Monitoring is Applicable and unless Multiple 
Custodians is specified, the Collateral Manager should be 
indicated as Collateral Monitoring Agent) 
(If "Multiple Custodians" applicable, two (2) Collateral 
Monitoring Agents may be specified. If applicable, specify: 
[[●] acting as Collateral Monitoring Agent for [Specify first 
Custodian] and [●] acting as Collateral Monitoring Agent for 
[Specify second Custodian]) 
 
[Collateral Value determination]: [[Euroclear Bank SA/NV (applies when Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV is the applicable Custodian)] 
 
 
[Clearstream Banking, S.A. (applies when Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. is the applicable Custodian)] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV] 
 
 
[●] (specify other entity that will determine the Collateral 
Value)] (only where the Collateral Monitoring Agent is either 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking S.A.) 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Agent: 
[[●], and [the Collateral Monitoring Agent] [(where Multiple 
Custodians apply) each Custodian] [●] as such duties may be 
delegated from time to time] (where the Valuation Agent 
wishes to delegate the duties of determining all or some 
relevant valuations to the Collateral Monitoring Agent or a 
third entity)  
 
(iv) 
Type of Collateralisation: 
[MV Collateralisation] [NV Collateralisation] [Max (MV, 
NV) Collateralisation] [Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation] [MV 
(Initial 
Collateral) 
Collateralisation] 
[MV 
(Reference 
Security) 
Collateralisation] 
[Formula 
Collateralisation] 
applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Collateralisation Formula: 
[Not Applicable][Specify applicable formulae][As per 
Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Security 
[Not Applicable][Specify] 
(If MV (Reference Security) Collateralisation is Applicable, 
specify Reference Security) 
 
(vii) 
Eligibility Criteria 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable. Only initial Collateral Assets 
are Eligible.] [Applicable. The following Eligibility Criteria 
apply] 
 
 
(If only initial Collateral Assets are eligible, delete the 
remaining provisions of this section) 
 
 
(Complete each criterion below that forms part of the 
Eligibility Criteria for the applicable Series, and delete the 
rest) 
 
 
[Industry Sector(s): [Not Applicable][Specify]] 
 
 
[Jurisdiction of Incorporation: [Not Applicable] [Specify]]

--- Page 259 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
259 
 
 
 
Relevant Rating(s): [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
Minimum Outstanding Amount: [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
Maximum Outstanding Amount: [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
Relevant Currency(ies): [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
ECB Eligible: [Not applicable][Applicable] 
 
 
Collateral Asset Ranking(s): [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
Listed: [Not Applicable] [Any Exchange] [Specify] 
 
 
Minimum Time to Maturity: [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
Maximum Time to Maturity: [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
Concentration Limit(s): [Not Applicable] [Specify] 
 
 
UCITS Eligible: [Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
 
Specific features / characteristics / criteria: [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify] 
 
(viii) 
Collateralisation Percentage: 
[Specify] 
(If not specified, Collateral Percentage will be 100%) 
 
 
[Where Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation or Min (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation applies, specify percentage level for MV and 
NV Collateralisation, if different] 
 
 
[Specify, where the Collateralisation Percentage may vary 
after a certain date.] 
 
(ix) 
Collateralisation 
Percentage 
Share: 
[Not Applicable] [●]% in respect of [specify relevant 
Custodian] and [●]% in respect of [specify relevant Custodian] 
(If 
Multiple 
Custodians 
is 
Not 
Applicable, 
the 
Collateralisation Percentage Share should be Not Applicable) 
 
(x) 
Haircuts: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] [ECB Rate] [LCH Rate] 
 
 
[If applicable, specify details of the Haircut to be applied in 
relation to each type or class of Collateral Asset] 
 
(xi) 
Collateral Test: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Collateral Test Dates: 
[Not Applicable] [Specify] [No periodic Collateral Test Dates] 
 
(xiii) 
Collateral Business Day: 
[Specify][As per Conditions] 
 
(xiv) 
Collateral Currency Screen Page: [Specify][As per Conditions] 
 
(xv) 
Collateral Currency Specified 
Time: 
[Specify][As per Conditions] 
 
(xvi) 
Collateral Valuation Currency: 
[Specify] 
 
(xvii) 
Collateral Valuation at Nominal 
Value: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Valuation Point: 
[Specify] 
 
(xix) 
Collateral Substitution: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Collateral Disruption Event – 
Security Holder Direction: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 260 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
260 
 
 
(xxi) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets on Enforcement: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[The period during which the Security [Trustee] [Agent] will 
attempt to Deliver Collateral Assets following the occurrence 
of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event 
will be [specify] Collateral Business Days.] 
[If not applicable, delete the following sub paragraph] 
 
(A) 
Method of transfer of 
Collateral 
Assets 
in 
respect 
of 
Collateral 
Assets Entitlement: 
[Specify] [Delivery through Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or any other relevant clearance institution (the 
Relevant Clearing System] when the Collateral Assets are 
not eligible for clearance through the Relevant Clearing 
System, in which case transfer will take place outside the 
Relevant Clearing System.] 
 
(xxii) 
Minimum Transfer Amount: 
[●][As per Conditions][As per Custodian Terms] 
(If not specified or no reference to Custodian Terms, Minimum 
Transfer Amount will be 250,000 units of the relevant 
currency) 
 
(xxiii) 
Maximum Extension Period: 
[60 Collateral Business Days] [●] [(specify alternative number 
of Collateral Business Days]) 
 
(r) 
Order of Priority: 
[The Standard Order of Priority (as defined in the Secured 
Security Conditions) applies] 
[●] (Describe alternative Order of Priority) 
 
(s) 
Secured Parties: 
[As specified in the Secured Security Conditions] [[●] 
[Identify Secured Parties]] 
 
(t) 
Third Party Bidder(s): 
[Applicable – [Identify any Third Party Bidders]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(u) 
Pre-Enforcement Payment Period: 
[●] [Specify relevant number of Business Days] 
 
(v) 
Applicable Grace Period: 
[5 consecutive Collateral Business Days][●] 
 
(w) 
Nominal Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(y) 
Order of Priority: 
[Applicable: [●] (specify the Order of Priority)][Not 
Applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
25. 
(a) 
Form: 
[(Bearer Securities) 
 
 
[Bearer Form:] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Security which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Securities only upon an Exchange Event]

--- Page 261 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
261 
 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for Bearer 
Securities on or after the Exchange Date (include such notice 
period as is required)]] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Security] 
 
 
[(Registered Securities – Intended to be held in NSS) 
 
 
[Registered Form: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Security (U.S.$/€[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Security (U.S.$[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
 
[(Registered Securities – Not intended to be held in NSS) 
 
 
[Registered Form: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Security (U.S.$/€[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Security (U.S.$[●] nominal amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Registered Securities]] 
 
 
[(Dematerialised Securities): 
 
 
[The Securities are [Swedish][Norwegian] [Finnish][EUI] 
Securities] 
 
 
[CREST Depositary Interest (CDI).] 
 
 
[(French Law Securities) 
 
 
[(Materialised French Securities) 
 
 
Materialised French Securities in bearer form (au porteur): 
 
 
Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for a Definitive 
Materialised French Security in bearer form (au porteur) as 
from the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[(Dematerialised French Securities) 
 
 
Dematerialised French Securities: 
 
 
[Dematerialised French Securities in bearer form (au 
porteur)][Dematerialised French Securities in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur)][Dematerialised French Securities in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré)]]

--- Page 262 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
262 
 
 
 
[(If Dematerialised French Securities in fully registered form, 
please insert the following sub-paragraph): 
 
 
Registration Agent (établissement mandataire) in charge of 
the Dematerialised French Securities in fully registered form 
for the account of the Issuer: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Notes in New Global Note form (NGN 
Notes) or Certificates in New Global Note 
form (NGN Certificates): 
[NGN Notes][NGN Certificates][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
CMU Securities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
26. 
Branch of Account for the purposes of General 
Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments): 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
27. 
Business Day Convention for the purposes of 
"Payment Business Day" election in accordance 
with General Condition 5.6 (Payment Business 
Day): 
[Following Payment Business Day][Modified Following 
Payment Business Day][Preceding Payment Business Day] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable][●] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates) 
29. 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[The following shall be Additional Business Centres for the 
purposes of determining Business Days in respect of [specify 
relevant dates][the Interest Determination Date(s)][Range 
Accrual Days][●]: [specify relevant Additional Business 
Centres].][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Additional Business Centre(s) for the purposes of 
making an adjustment to any Interest Accrual Period [is][are] 
set out in paragraph ["Fixed Rate Security"]["Floating Rate 
Security"]["Linked Interest Security"] above] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Securities and dates on 
which such Talons mature: 
[Yes][No] 
 
 
[(Dates on which such Talons mature usually following 25th 
Interest Payment Date)] 
 
 
(This paragraph should only be "Yes" if Definitive Bearer 
Securities may be issued) 
 
(Add rows as required) 
(Add rows as required) 
31. 
Redenomination (for the purposes of General 
Condition 3.1): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
32. 
(a) 
Redemption for tax reasons (General 
Condition 
6.3 (Redemption 
for tax 
reasons)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
Notice period: 
[Minimum notice period: [●]]

--- Page 263 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
263 
 
 
 
[Maximum notice period: [●]] 
 
(b) 
Special 
Tax 
Redemption 
(General 
Condition 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Redemption for FATCA Withholding 
(General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for 
FATCA Withholding)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory 
Resales 
(General 
Condition 
6.6 
(Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory 
Resales)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Events of Default (General Condition 10 
(Events of Default)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Illegality and Force Majeure (General 
Condition 19.1 (Illegality and Force 
Majeure)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
33. 
Gross Up (General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up)): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Gross up shall only apply in exceptional circumstances and 
only if specifically agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s)) 
 
(a) 
Issuer Gross Up: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Guarantor Gross Up: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
34. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank] [[●] (Insert 
name and address)] 
 
35. 
Governing Law: 
[English Law][Irish Law][French Law] 
[The Guarantee is governed by [English/Irish/French] Law] 
(Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Guarantee, if applicable, will be governed by the law 
specified as being applicable in respect of the Securities in the 
applicable Final Terms) 
 
(a) 
Agent for service of process: 
[Insert contact details including the address of the process 
agent]/[Delete this row if French Law applies] 
36. 
French Law Securities Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
(a) 
Representation of Holders: 
[Contractual 
Representation 
of 
Holders/No 
Masse]/[Contractual Masse]/[Full Masse]

--- Page 264 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
264 
 
(If Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse applies, 
delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
Representative: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
The Representative will receive 
remuneration of: 
[●][Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Identification information of Holders in 
relation to French Law Securities (General 
Condition 1.1): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
37. 
Essential Trigger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, please insert the relevant Redemption Basis 
that applies upon redemption prior to the redemption date, as 
determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8(b) 
(Essential Trigger)) 
 
 
[In case of Force Majeure, General Condition 6.8(b)(i)(B) 
applies.] 
 
(a) 
Redemption Basis: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[Highest 
Amount][Monetisation Amount] 
 
(b) 
Hedge Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Custodian Default: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
38. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable][[Subject to any other Business Day 
Convention specified in these Final Terms in relation to a 
period or payment date, [Floating Rate Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] [Preceding Business Day 
Convention]] 
 
 
(Note that if no Business Day Convention is specified in the 
Final Terms, "Following Business Day Convention" will be 
deemed to apply.) 
39. 
Benchmark Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(a) 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[Applicable as per the relevant Additional Conditions 
applicable to the Securities.] [Applicable as selected below.] 
 
 
(If the first option above is selected, the following sub-
paragraphs should be deleted) 
 
(i) 
Relevant 
Commodity 
Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Commodity Linked Asset 
Condition 2] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant Index Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Index Linked Asset Condition 2]

--- Page 265 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
265 
 
 
(iii) 
Relevant FX Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in FX Linked Asset Condition 2] 
 
(iv) 
Relevant 
Inflation 
Index 
Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Inflation Linked Asset 
Condition 1] 
 
(v) 
Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
[●][As per the definition in Rate Linked Asset Condition 5] 
 
(b) 
Specified Public Source: 
[●][As per the definition in the Definitions Conditions] 
 
 
(If "As per the definition in the Definitions Conditions" is 
selected, all the sources listed in the definition of "Specified 
Public Source" will apply) 
 
(c) 
Additional Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable][Deposit Rate (as defined in Condition 9.2 of 
Annex 5, Part B, Chapter 9][●] 
 
 
(Specify any rate index, benchmark or other price source for 
the purposes of General Condition 15.2 that should utilise the 
rate fallback provisions in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3) 
 
(d) 
Impacted Index: 
[Not Applicable][●] (Specify an index, benchmark or price 
source) 
 
 
(This should be "Not Applicable" if the Securities are not Rate 
Linked Securities) 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
Alternative 
Pre-Nominated 
Index: 
[●] 
 
 
(Specify one or more indices, benchmarks or other price 
sources) 
 
(ii) 
Close of Business: 
[●][As per the definition in Rate Linked Asset Condition 5] 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.][Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 266 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
266 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(a) 
[Listing and admission to trading:] 
[Application has been made by the relevant Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Securities to be admitted to trading on [[the 
Electronic 
Securitised 
Derivatives 
Market 
(SeDeX)][the 
Electronic Bond and Government Securities Market (MOT 
Market)] of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market] [the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange's regulated 
market] [NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB's regulated market] 
[the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market] [the Regulated 
Market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Euronext Paris, the regulated market operated by Euronext Paris 
S.A.] [EuroTLX] [●] with effect from [][ and to be listed on the 
Official List of [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [Euronext Dublin] [Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange] 
[Nasdaq Stockholm][the Oslo Stock Exchange][●]].] 
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the relevant Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Securities to be admitted to trading on [[the 
Electronic 
Securitised 
Derivatives 
Market 
(SeDeX)][the 
Electronic Bond and Government Securities Market (MOT 
Market)] of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]][the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market] [the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange's regulated 
market] [NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB's regulated market] 
[the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market] [the Regulated 
Market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Euronext Paris, the regulated market operated by Euronext Paris 
S.A.] [EuroTLX] with effect from [][ and to be listed on the 
Official List of [Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] [Euronext Dublin] [Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange] 
[Nasdaq Stockholm][the Oslo Stock Exchange][]].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The original Securities are admitted to trading on [[the 
Electronic 
Securitised 
Derivatives 
Market 
(SeDeX)][the 
Electronic Bond and Government Securities Market (MOT 
Market)] of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.][the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market] [Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market] [the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange's regulated 
market] [NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB's regulated market] 
[the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market] [the Regulated 
Market (Regulierter Markt) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[Euronext Paris, the regulated market operated by Euronext Paris 
S.A.] [EuroTLX] [●][ and are listed on the Official List of [Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A][the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Euronext 
Dublin] [[the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange][Nasdaq 
Stockholm] [the Oslo Stock Exchange][]].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Securities are already admitted to trading)

--- Page 267 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
267 
 
 
(b) 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:] 
[] (Only required for Securities with a denomination of at least 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency))] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Securities to be issued have not been rated] 
 
 
[The Securities to be issued have been rated:] 
 
 
[The Securities to be issued are expected to be rated:] 
 
 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
 
 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings: 
[]] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider where 
a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is anticipated) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Securities of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
 
 
[[(Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency)] is 
established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority. [As such [(insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity)] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[(Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency)] is 
established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation). [As such [(insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity)] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[(Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency)] is not established in the European Union and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation). [(insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity)] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.]]

--- Page 268 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
268 
 
 
 
[[(Insert credit rating agency)] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings 
have been endorsed by (insert the name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [(Insert the name of the relevant EU-registered 
credit rating agency)] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such [(insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU CRA entity)] is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The 
European Securities and Markets Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Argentina/Australia/Brazil/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Japan/Mexico/Singapore/South 
Africa/the 
United 
Kingdom/the USA (delete as appropriate)], which have been 
endorsed by [(insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity 
that applied for registration)], may be used in the European 
Union by the relevant market participants.] 
 
 
[(Insert other wording as appropriate)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers, and any distributor] in connection with the issue of Securities,] so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer."]/[] [(Amend as appropriate 
if there are other interests.)] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Securities constitute [Green / Social] Securities and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance one or more of 
the Eligible [Green/Social] Assets described below: 
 
 
[Describe Eligible [Green/Social] Assets categories, availability 
of Second-Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and where the information can be obtained] 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus - if reasons 
for offer different from (i) what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus and/or (ii) financing or refinancing any new or 
existing Eligible [Green/Social] Assets, give details.) 
 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[]

--- Page 269 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
269 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to 
fund all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[]/[Not Applicable]9 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each principal 
intended "use" and presented in order of priority of such "uses".) 
5. 
YIELD (Only Fixed Rate Securities) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Indication of yield: 
 
[]]  
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Securities Only) 
 
[Not Applicable] / 
[Details of performance of [] rates can be obtained [for a fee]/[free of charge] from , [Reuters/give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].]  
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF UNDERLYING AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING (Commodity Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, Index Linked Securities, Inflation Linked 
Securities, Rate Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, Fund Linked Securities, Future 
Linked Securities, Portfolio Linked Securities, Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities and Credit Linked Securities 
only) 
 
[Not Applicable] / 
 
 
[[Underlying: 
Where past and future performance [and volatility] of the 
Underlying [or any other information in relation to the 
Underlying (if any)] can be obtained from, [but not] free of 
charge: 
 
[] (Commodity, Bond, Index, Inflation 
Index, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, 
Fund, Future, Portfolio, Reference 
Entity, Reference Obligation) 
[Further information is set out in 
paragraph [] of these Final Terms] 
[Bloomberg 
Screen:][Reuters 
Screen:][give 
details 
of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance:] 
[www.[]] 
(insert Index Disclaimer if required) 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary)] 
 
(Where the underlying is an index other than a "Custom Index" need to include the name of the index and details 
of where the information about the index can be obtained.) 
 
(Where the underlying is an index designated as a "Custom Index", need to specify the website of the index 
provider, which must include the complete set of rules of the index and information on the performance of the 
index, except where the administrator of the index is included in the public register maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011.) 
 
Custom Indices 
Securities issued under the Programme may be linked to the 
performance of certain indices. Where any Securities are 
                                                   
9  
Not required for Securities with a denomination per unit of at least € 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 270 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
270 
 
linked to the performance of an index which is designated as 
a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
 
(a) 
the complete set of rules of the index and information 
on the performance of the index are freely accessible 
on the index provider's website, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
 
 
(b) 
the governing rules (including methodology of the 
index for the selection and the re-balancing of the 
components of the index, description of market 
disruption events and adjustment rules) are based on 
predetermined and objective criteria. 
 
 
Custom Indices are provided by a legal entity or natural 
person acting on behalf of or in association of the Issuer. 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Custom Indices" are therefore 
not composed by the relevant Issuer or by any legal entity 
belonging to its group. 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
(N.B. The above applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, applies.)] 
 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer [does not] intends to publish post-issuance information in relation to any underlying element to which 
the Securities are linked. [This information will relate to [] and can be obtained [at][on] [].]] 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF PREFERENCE SHARE UNDERLYING AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE PREFERENCE SHARE UNDERLYING (Preference Share Linked Securities only) 
 
[Not Applicable] / 
 
 
[[Preference Share Underlying: 
[●] 
 
Where past and future performance and 
volatility of the Preference Share 
Underlying can be found: 
The performance of the Preference Shares, and accordingly 
the Preference Share Linked Securities, is linked to the 
performance of the Preference Share Underlying, information 
relating to which can be obtained from, [but not] free of 
charge: 
 
[Any other information in relation to the 
Preference Share Underlying (if any)]  
information relating to which can be obtained from, [but not] 
free of charge: 
 
 
[Bloomberg 
Screen:][Reuters 
Screen:][give 
details 
of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance:] 
[www.[●]] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary)

--- Page 271 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
271 
 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
(N.B. The above applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, applies.)] 
9. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATE[S] OF EXCHANGE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING (FX Linked Securities only) 
 
[Not Applicable] / 
 
 
[[Underlying: 
Where past and future performance [and volatility] of the 
Underlying [or any other information in relation to the 
Underlying (if any)] can be obtained from, [but not] free of 
charge: 
 
[] (FX Rate) 
[Bloomberg 
Screen:][Reuters 
Screen:][give 
details 
of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance:] 
[www.[]] 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger (the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)) 
 
(N.B. The above applies if the Securities are derivative securities to which Annex 17 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, applies.)] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(Items identified below with *** are not required for 
Securities with a denomination of at least € 100,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency) 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(b) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(i) 
Names [and addresses*** and 
underwriting 
commitments***] 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [/give names[, addresses and underwriting 
commitments***]] 
 
 
[(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers.)***] 
 
(ii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[]***] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager: 
[Not Applicable][Give name] 
 
(c) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and 
address***] of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][The following Dealer[s] [is][are] procuring 
subscribers for the Securities: [give name [and address***]]

--- Page 272 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
272 
 
 
(d) 
[Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission***: 
[[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount***] 
 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[For all Securities other than U.S. Securities: to a Permitted 
Transferee outside the United States in accordance with 
Regulation S][For U.S. Securities: Rule 144A/Permanent 
Reg. S Compliance] 
 
 
[Securities in Bearer Form – TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA 
NOT APPLICABLE] 
 
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Securities do constitute "packaged" products for the purpose 
of the PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document will 
be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
 
(g) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
(If the Securities do not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Securities do constitute "packaged" products for the purpose 
of the UK PRIIPs Regulation and a key information document 
will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
 
(h) 
[Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction)] 
 
(i) 
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in 
Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding: 
[The Securities are [not] subject to withholding under the 
Section 
871(m) 
Regulations. 
[Additional 
information 
regarding the application of the Section 871(m) Regulations 
to the Securities will be available from [give name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As at the date of these Final 
Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Securities 
are subject to withholding under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations; however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be subject to such withholding. This is indicative 
information only, subject to change, and if the Issuer's final 
determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination. [Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) 
of Issuer contact] for further information regarding the 
application of the Section 871(m) Regulations to the

--- Page 273 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
273 
 
Securities.]]10 (The Securities will not be subject to 
withholding under the Section 871(m) Regulations if they (i) 
are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-one" 
for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity 
or any index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. 
If the Securities reference a U.S. equity or an index that 
contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct 
or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior 
to January 1, 2025 and provide a return that does not differ 
significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after January 1, 2025, 
further analysis would be required.)] 
 
 
 
(k) 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining placeholders (l) to (n) 
of this paragraph 10) 
 
(l) 
[Swiss Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date]] 
 
(m) 
[Withdrawal right according to Article 
63(5) of the Swiss Financial Services 
Ordinance (FinSO): 
[Applicable. If an obligation to prepare a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus according to Article 56(1) FinSA is triggered 
during the [Swiss Offer Period] [Offer Period], investors who 
have already subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for 
Securities before any such supplement to the Base Prospectus 
is published have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and 
acceptances within a period of two days from the publication 
of such supplement regardless of whether the [Swiss Offer 
Period] [Offer Period] closes prior to the expiry of such two 
day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
(n) 
[Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus for Swiss Non-exempt 
Offers: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] [The Issuer consents to 
the use of the Base Prospectus during the [Swiss Offer Period] 
[Offer Period] by the financial intermediary(ies) with whom 
the Issuer has a contractual relationship in respect of the offer 
of the Securities.]] 
 
(o) 
[Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Investors and Accredited Investors 
only : 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Consider deleting this subparagraph if no sales are made into 
Singapore) 
(If the Securities are offered to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors in Singapore only, “Applicable” should 
be specified. 
                                                   
10  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Securities are subject to withholding as of the date 
of the Final Terms.

--- Page 274 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
274 
 
If the Securities are also offered to investors other than 
Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified.) 
11. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Temporary ISIN: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
[Common Code: 
[]] 
 
(d) 
VALOREN Code: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(e) 
Other applicable security identification 
number: 
[Not Applicable] [] (Specify) 
 
(f) 
Relevant clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
 
[CUSIP][][CINS] 
 
 
[Swedish CSD: [Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 
63, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden][]] 
 
 
(Include for Swedish Securities) 
 
 
[Norwegian CSD: [Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Tollbugata 2, 
0152 Oslo, Norway][]] 
 
 
(Include for Norwegian Securities) 
 
 
[Finnish CSD: [Euroclear Finland Oy, P.O. Box 1110, Urho 
Kekkosen katu 5C, 00100 Helsinki, Finland][]] 
 
 
(Include for Finnish Securities) 
 
 
[Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London 
EC4M 5SB.] 
 
 
(Include for EUI Securities) 
 
 
[Euroclear France SA, 10 Place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, 
France][] 
 
 
(Include for French Law Securities) 
 
 
[Central Moneymarkets Unit Service, Hong Kong Monetary 
Authority, 55th Floor, Two International Finance Centre, 8 
Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong] 
 
 
(Include for CMU Securities) 
 
(g) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(h) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][]

--- Page 275 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
275 
 
 
 
[Swedish Issuing Agent: []] 
 
 
(Include for Swedish Securities) 
 
 
[Norwegian Issuing Agent: [Nordea Bank AB (Publ), Filial i 
Norge][] 
 
 
(Include for Norwegian Securities) 
 
 
[Finnish Issuing Agent: []] 
 
 
(Include for Finnish Securities) 
 
 
[Italian Issuing Agent: []] 
 
 
(Include for Italian Securities) 
 
 
[EUI Agent: []] 
 
 
(Include for EUI Securities) 
 
 
[Hong Kong Paying Agent: [Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong 
branch, Level 60, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin 
Road, West Kowloon, Hong Kong][]] 
 
 
(Include for CMU Securities) 
 
(i) 
Securities intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[No][Yes] 
 
 
[(Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Securities are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[ and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, (include this text for registered securities which 
are to be held under the NSS)] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.)] 
 
 
(Include this text if "yes" selected, in which case Bearer 
Securities must be issued in NGN form) 
 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Securities are capable of 
meeting them, the Securities may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper)[ (and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper(include 
this 
text 
for 
Registered 
Global 
Securities)]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition

--- Page 276 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
276 
 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
(Include this text if "no" selected) 
12. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statement 
on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable: Amounts payable under the 
Securities are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] of 
the administrator[s] – if more than one specify in relation to 
each relevant benchmark].  
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
[the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA)][ESMA] pursuant to Article 36 of [the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the 
Benchmarks Regulation)][the Benchmarks Regulation] 
(Repeat as necessary)] 
13. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER (Only applicable for Securities with a denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and not issued pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation 
 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][] 
 
 
[(with the Issue Price per Security being payable in [(insert 
relevant currency)] and converted in the Specified Currency 
at the [(describe relevant exchange rate)] exchange rate 
displayed on [(described relevant price source)] at [(insert 
relevant time)], on [the [relevant] Trade Date][], i.e. [(quote 
relevant exchange rate)]] 
 
(b) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(c) 
Total amount of the securities offered to 
the public/admitted to trading; if the 
amount is not fixed, an indication of the 
maximum amount of the securities to be 
offered (if available) and a description 
of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive 
amount of the offer:  
[] 
 
(d) 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer 
will be open and description of the 
application process: 
[] 
(Give details including the time period, and any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be open) 
 
(e) 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(f) 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application 
[Not Applicable][]

--- Page 277 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
277 
 
(whether in number of securities or 
aggregate amount to invest): 
 
(g) 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
[] 
 
(h) 
A full description of the manner in and 
date on which results of the offer are to 
be made public: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[] 
 
(j) 
The various categories of potential 
investors to which the securities are 
offered: 
[] 
 
(k) 
Whether a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain countries, indicate 
any such tranche: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(l) 
Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(m) 
Indication of the amount of any 
expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the PRIIPs 
Regulation such that it is required to disclose information 
relating to costs and charges, also include that information) 
 
(n) 
In the case of admission to trading on a 
regulated market, the name and address 
of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms of their 
commitments: 
[] 
 
(o) 
Non-Exempt Offer Consent of the Issuer 
to use the Base Prospectus during the 
Offer Period: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. An offer of the Securities may 
be made by [the Dealers] [and [(specify, if applicable)] (the 
Initial Authorised Offeror)] [and any additional financial 
intermediaries who have or obtain the Issuer's [specific] 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in connection with the 
Non-exempt Offer and who are identified on [the website at 
www.[] (the Additional Authorised Offeror)] [and each 
additional financial intermediary who has accepted the 
Issuer's offer of general consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with the Non-exempt Offer by publishing on such 
additional financial intermediary's website or the website of 
the Initial Authorised Offeror (if any) that it is using the Base 
Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the

--- Page 278 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
278 
 
general consent of the Issuer (the General Authorised 
Offeror) (together, the Authorised Offerors) other than 
pursuant to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [Austria] [Hungary] [Poland] [Czech Republic] 
[Croatia] [Luxembourg] [Belgium] [France] [Germany] 
[Ireland] [Italy] [Portugal] [the Netherlands] [Finland] 
[Romania] [Slovak Republic] [Sweden] [Norway] [and] 
[Spain] [(specify relevant State(s) - which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
have been approved or passported)] (the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions) during the period from [(specify date)] until 
[(specify date)] (the Offer Period).] (Only required for 
Securities with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) 
 
(p) 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
relevant Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[General Consent] 
 
 
[Specific Consent] 
 
(q) 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 
 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI):] [●] 
 
 
[(Insert 
name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
the 
financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the relevant Issuer to act as 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s))] 
 
 
[To the extent it satisfies the conditions set out under ["Retail 
Cascades" in the Base Prospectus][ and ][the section "Other 
conditions to consent" below]. 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Any additional financial intermediary appointed by the Issuer 
and as identified on [the website at www.[]] (the Additional 
Authorised Offeror)] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Any additional financial intermediary which satisfies the 
conditions set out under ["Retail Cascades" in the Base 
Prospectus][ and ][the section "Other conditions to consent" 
below] (the General Authorised Offeror).] 
 
(r) 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
 
(Where the relevant Issuer has given a "General Consent" to 
any financial intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, specify 
any additional conditions to consent or any condition 
replacing the conditions set under "Retail Cascades" in the 
Base Prospectus.)

--- Page 279 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
279 
 
 
 
(Where the relevant Issuer has given a "Specific Consent" to 
a financial intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, specify 
any applicable conditions to consent.) 
 
 
(Where Authorised Offeror(s) have been designated herein, 
specify any applicable conditions to consent.)

--- Page 280 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
280 
 
[PART [C] – MULTIPLE REFERENCE ENTITIES] 
Please also refer to paragraph "Credit Linked Securities" of these Final Terms for further variables with respect to Credit 
Linked Securities. 
1. 
Reference Entity: [][The group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below]. [The [Reference 
Entity][group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below] [is][are] Monoline Insurer[s]] 
(Repeat the sub-paragraphs below as needed so that there is one table per Reference Entity or group of Reference 
Entities per transaction type). 
 
(a) 
Transaction Type: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
[] 
 
(c) 
Maximum Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable][30 years][Insert other] 
 
(d) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the table "Group []" 
below] (If there are multiple Reference Obligations, repeat the 
sub-paragraphs below as needed) 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Primary Obligor: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Standard Reference Obligation(s) [is][are] the 
Reference Obligation(s)][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level][Not Specified] 
 
(f) 
Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) specified above will 
constitute 
[a] 
valid 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s).][Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Obligation specified at sub-paragraph (d) 
above is not an obligation of the Reference Entity specified 
above, such Reference Obligation will not constitute a valid 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation unless Non-
Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
is specified as applicable) 
 
(g) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy] [Failure to Pay] 
[Obligation Acceleration] [Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
 
(i) 
Payment Requirement: 
[$1,000,000][] [As per Credit Linked Condition 10]

--- Page 281 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
281 
 
($1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency if not 
specified) 
 
(ii) 
Default Requirement: 
[$10,000,000][][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
($10,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency if not 
specified) 
 
(iii) 
Restructuring 
(Additional 
provisions (if any) where 
Restructuring is specified as 
applicable in paragraph (h) 
above): 
[Not 
Applicable][Mod 
R 
Applicable][Mod 
Mod 
R 
Applicable][Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
 
(j) 
Obligation Characteristic(s) 
[None][Not Subordinated][Specified Currency][Not Sovereign 
Lender][Not 
Domestic 
Currency][Not 
Domestic 
Law][Listed][Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
(k) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
 
(l) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic(s) 
[None][Not Subordinated][Specified Currency] [Not Sovereign 
Lender][Not Domestic Currency] [Not Domestic Law][Not 
Domestic Issuance] [Assignable Loan][Consent Required Loan] 
[Transferable][Maximum 
Maturity] 
[Not 
Bearer] 
[Listed][Direct Loan Participation] [Accelerated or Matured] 
 
(m) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Capped Reference Entity(ies): 
[Applicable – the Reference Entity is a Capped Reference 
Entity][Not Applicable] (Only applicable if the Settlement 
Method or, if applicable, Fallback Settlement Method is Physical 
Settlement) 
 
(o) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(q) 
Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(r) 
Deliverable Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(s) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(t) 
Domestic Currency: 
[Lawful currency of [Canada][Japan] [Switzerland][the United 
Kingdom] [United States of America]][Euro] [] [As per Credit 
Linked Condition 10] 
 
(u) 
Domestic Law: 
[Laws of England][Laws of the State of New York] [As per 
Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(v) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 282 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
282 
 
 
(w) 
Grace Period (for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b) in the definition of 
"Grace Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10): 
[30 calendar days][] 
 
(x) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(y) 
Additional Provisions: 
[Applicable []][Not Applicable] 
 
(z) 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
[Reference Entity: [][The group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below] [The [Reference 
Entity][group of Reference Entities listed in the table "Group []" below] [is][are] Monoline Insurer[s]] 
(Repeat the sub-paragraphs below as needed so that there is one table per Reference Entity or group of Reference 
Entities per transaction type) 
 
(a) 
Transaction Type: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Specified Currency(ies): 
[] 
 
(c) 
Maximum Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable][30 years][Insert other] 
 
(d) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in the table "Group []" 
below] (If there are multiple Reference Obligations, repeat the 
sub-paragraphs below as needed) 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Primary Obligor: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
(e) 
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Standard Reference Obligation(s) [is][are] the 
Reference Obligation(s)][Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level][Not Specified] 
 
(f) 
Non-Reference Entity Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation(s): 
[Applicable – the Reference Obligation(s) specified above will 
constitute 
[a] 
valid 
Original 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation(s).][Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Obligation specified at paragraph (d) above is 
not an obligation of the Reference Entity specified above, such 
Reference Obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation unless Non-Reference Entity 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified as 
applicable) 
 
(g) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 283 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
283 
 
 
(h) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy] [Failure to Pay] [Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] [Repudiation/Moratorium] [Restructuring] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
 
(i) 
Payment Requirement: 
[$1,000,000][] [As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
($1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency if not 
specified) 
 
(ii) 
Default Requirement: 
[$10,000,000][][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
($10,000,000 or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency if not 
specified) 
 
(iii) 
Restructuring 
(Additional 
provisions (if any) where 
Restructuring is specified as 
applicable in paragraph (h) 
above): 
[Not Applicable] [Mod R Applicable] [Mod Mod R Applicable] 
[Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan] 
 
(j) 
Obligation Characteristic(s) 
[None] [Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency] [Not Sovereign 
Lender] [Not Domestic Currency] [Not Domestic Law] [Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
(k) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligations Only] 
[Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan] 
 
(l) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic(s) 
[None] [Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency] [Not Sovereign 
Lender] [Not Domestic Currency] [Not Domestic Law] [Not 
Domestic Issuance] [Assignable Loan] [Consent Required Loan] 
[Transferable] [Maximum Maturity] [Not Bearer] [Listed] 
[Direct Loan Participation] [Accelerated or Matured] 
 
(m) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(n) 
Capped Reference Entity(ies): 
[Applicable – the Reference Entity is a Capped Reference 
Entity][Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable if the Settlement Method or, if applicable, 
Fallback Settlement Method is Physical Settlement) 
 
(o) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(p) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(q) 
Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(r) 
Deliverable Obligation: 
[] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(s) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[Not Applicable][] 
 
(t) 
Domestic Currency: 
[Lawful currency of [Canada] [Japan] [Switzerland] [the United 
Kingdom] [United States of America]] [Euro] [] [As per Credit 
Linked Condition 10]

--- Page 284 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
284 
 
 
(u) 
Domestic Law: 
[Laws of England] [Laws of the State of New York] [As per 
Credit Linked Condition 10] 
 
(v) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(w) 
Grace Period (for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b) in the definition of 
"Grace Period" in Credit Linked 
Condition 10): 
[30 calendar days][] 
 
(x) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(y) 
Additional Provisions: 
[Applicable []][Not Applicable]] 
 
(z) 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 285 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
285 
 
[TABLES RELATING TO GROUPS OF REFERENCE ENTITIES] 
(Repeat the table below as needed so that there is one table per group of Reference Entities per transaction type) 
GROUP [] 
Reference Entity* 
Reference Obligation 
Weight (in %) 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
GROUP [] 
Reference Entity* 
Reference Obligation 
Weight (in %) 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
* 
If the Reference Entity or Reference Obligation comprises of a single entity or obligation, or in the case of a pool 
of underlying where a single reference entity or reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the pool, please 
also add address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the Issuer of the 
Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the regulated market in which its securities are admitted.

--- Page 286 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
286 
 
[PART [D] – MULTIPLE BONDS] 
Please also refer to paragraph "Bond Linked Securities" of these Final Terms for further variables with respect to Bond 
Linked Securities. 
1. 
Bond: [] (Repeat the sub-paragraphs below as needed so that there is one table per Bond) 
 
(a) 
Bond Event: 
[Failure to Pay] [Bond Acceleration] [Bond Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Bond 
Early 
Redemption] 
 
(b) 
Bond Issuer: 
[] 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Principal 
Amount 
outstanding at the Trade 
Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
2. 
[Bond: [] 
 
(a) 
Bond Event: 
[Failure to Pay] [Bond Acceleration] [Bond Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
[Bond 
Early 
Redemption] 
 
(b) 
Bond Issuer: 
[] 
 
The obligation identified as follows: 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Principal 
Amount 
outstanding at the Trade 
Date: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[]]

--- Page 287 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
287 
 
[PART [E] – INDEX SPONSOR DISCLAIMER] 
[Insert name of index] 
[Insert disclaimer of index sponsor]

--- Page 288 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
288 
 
[PART [F] – PORTFOLIO LINKED NOTES] 
1. 
SINGLE PORTFOLIO 
Initial composition of the Portfolio 
 
[Insert if the initial Portfolio comprises no Portfolio Component and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
The Portfolio is invested in cash only as of the Initial Observation Date. 
 
[Otherwise insert the below: 
k 
Portfolio 
Component(k) 
Bloomberg 
Ticker 
Basket 
Component 
Type 
Portfolio 
Component 
[Unfunded 
Component] 
Portfolio 
Component 
Currency(k) 
[FX Hedge] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify name 
of 
Portfolio 
Component(k)] 
[Specify 
ticker] 
[Index] 
[Share] [ETF 
Share] [Fund] 
[Single 
Commodity] 
[Single Debt] 
[Single 
Derivatives] 
[Cash] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Basket 
Component - 
] 
[Equity 
Instrument] 
[Commodity 
Instrument] 
[Debt 
Instrument] 
[Derivatives 
Instrument]] 
[Cash 
Position] 
[Market 
Data] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
currency] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
k 
[Reference 
Price] 
[Dist 
Rate(k,t)] 
[Q(k,0)] 
[Rate 
Long(k,t)] 
[Rate 
Short(k,t)] 
[Repo 
Rate 
Long(k,t)] 
[Repo 
Rate 
Short(k,t)]  
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Face 
Value] 
[Closing 
Price 
[Fixing 
Price] 
[Specify 
Reference Fixing 
Time] 
[TWAP] 
[Specify 
TWAPStartTime 
and 
TWAPEndTime] 
[VWAP] [Specify 
VWAPStartTime 
and 
VWAPEndTime] 
[Opening 
Price] 
[Best 
Effort] 
[Bid-Ask Spread] 
[Specify 
SpreadMidAsk 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable over 
time, 
they 
may also be 
computed as 
a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify 
initial 
quantity]  
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable over 
time, 
they 
may also be 
computed as 
a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable over 
time, 
they 
may also be 
computed as 
a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or 
rates 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable 
over 
time, they may 
also 
be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a 
rate 
or 
combination or 
rates 
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed 
or 
variable 
over 
time, they may 
also 
be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a 
rate 
or 
combination or 
rates 
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent

--- Page 289 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
289 
 
and 
SpreadBidMid] 
 
k 
[Exec 
Cost 
RateIn (k,t)] 
[Exec Cost Rate 
Out(k,t)] 
[Exec Add On 
Rate(k,t)] 
[Initial 
Weight(k)] 
[S(k,0)] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify 
rate. 
Rates 
may 
be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may 
also 
be 
computed as a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or be a 
rate 
or 
combination 
or 
rates determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify 
rate. 
Rates 
may 
be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may 
also 
be 
computed as a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or be a 
rate 
or 
combination 
or 
rates determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify 
rate. 
Rates 
may 
be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may 
also 
be 
computed as a 
spread 
between 
rates and/or be a 
rate 
or 
combination 
or 
rates determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]  
[Specify 
InitialWeight]  
[Specify 
initial 
level of Portfolio 
Component(k)]

--- Page 290 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
290 
 
PARAMETERS AND ELECTIONS RELATING TO THE PORTFOLIO 
Portfolio Calculation Agent 
[Specify the name] [Not Applicable] 
Scheduled Calculation Dates 
[Specify the days on which the Portfolio Level is scheduled to be calculated] 
[Restriking Date(s) 
[Specify the dates]] 
[Elections relating to the Portfolio] 
 
Dynamic Portfolio 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Excess Return 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Performance Fee (PF) 
[Specify the percentage][Not Applicable]] 
[Advisory Fee 
[Specify the percentage] [Not Applicable]] 
[Distribution Fee 
[Specify the percentage] [Not Applicable]] 
[Structuring Fee 
[Specify the percentage] [Not Applicable]] 
[Hurdle Rate 
[Specify the percentage] [Not Applicable]] 
[Performance Fee Reset Dates: 
[Annually/[if 
not 
reset 
annually 
specify 
the 
other 
applicable 
frequency][Specify each Performance Fee Reset Date] [Not Applicable]] 
[High Watermark Fixed Rate 
[Specify the relevant rate] [Not Applicable]] 
[High Watermark Lag (HWLag) 
[Specify the number of Calculation Dates] [Not Applicable]] 
[Portfolio CCY Cash Positions Netting 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Quanto Option 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Reinvestment Method 
[Individual Components] [Cash Bucket] [Portfolio]] 
[Simultaneous 
Long 
and 
Short 
Restrikes 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Parameters relating to the Portfolio] 
 
[GearingInfLong 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingInfShort 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupLong 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupShort 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GrossGearingSup 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Lag 
[Specify the number of Calculation Dates]] 
[Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time 
[Specify relevant fixing time]/[As per Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 2]] 
[Portfolio FX Source 
[Specify relevant foreign exchange rate source]]

--- Page 291 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
291 
 
[Portfolio Currency 
[specify currency]/[As per Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 2]] 
[PL(0) 
[Specify the initial level of the Portfolio]] 
[Rate Long(t) 
[Specify relevant rate] [*fixed*]] 
[Rate Short(t) 
[Specify relevant rate] [*fixed*]] 
[Time Basis 
[360] [365] [specify other] [As per Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 2]] 
[Target Gearing Long(t) 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Target Gearing Short(t) 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
 
 
[if Dynamic Portfolio is "Applicable", 
specify the following: 
 
General Calculation Methodology 
[Specify the URL] [Not Applicable] 
Communication Deadline 
[Specify relevant communication deadline] 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
[In order for the Portfolio to remain eligible as Underlying of the Notes, the 
Portfolio and Portfolio Components shall comply with each of the following 
criteria, unless otherwise waived by the Calculation Agent:]  
[Specify the list of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria in relation to the 
Portfolio, in particular in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 
4.5] 
Review Date 
[Specify the relevant review dates in respect of Modification Proposals] 
Rebalancing Date 
[Specify the relevant rebalancing dates in respect of Modification Proposals] 
[Target Exposure Implementation Date 
[Specify]] 
[TCR(k,t) 
[Specify the percentage] [specify the percentages per Portfolio Component(k)] 
[[specify the percentage applicable per Portfolio Component(k) quoted on a 
specified listing venue]]] 
Weighting Advisor 
[specify identity and details in accordance with the Portfolio Linked Asset 
Conditions]]

--- Page 292 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
292 
 
2. 
PORTFOLIO IN BASKET/MULTI-ASSET BASKET 
Repeat above tables for each Portfolio in the Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable.

--- Page 293 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
293 
 
[PART [G] – SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES] 
(Insert table, if applicable, setting out information that differs across the multiple series of Securities to which these Final 
Terms relate provided that such information is set out in the form of Final Terms above. Please note, variables may only 
be included in this table if they are directly taken from the form of Final Terms set out above and complete such variables 
by reference to the associated placeholder (ie, the information which is not required to be included in the Base Prospectus, 
is not known at the time of the approval of the Base Prospectus and may be inserted in these Final Terms, in each case 
pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended)) 
 
Series Number 
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount 
ISIN Code 
Common Code 
Issue Price 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(include additional rows depending on the number of series of Securities)

--- Page 294 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
294 
 
[ANNEX – INSERT ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
(Only required for Securities which have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency))

--- Page 295 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
295 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
This section provides an introduction to the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
This introductory section does not form part of the Terms and Conditions. 
The following sections below (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the annexes below) together form the terms and 
conditions of the Securities (the Terms and Conditions) which (i) in the case of Securities other than Dematerialised 
Securities and French Law Securities, will be incorporated by reference into each Global Security (as defined below) and 
each Definitive Security, in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such Definitive Security will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the 
case of Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities, will apply to such Dematerialised Securities and French Law 
Securities (as applicable). The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Security and Definitive Security or, in the case of Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities, will 
apply to such Dematerialised Securities and French Law Securities (as the case may be). Reference should be made to 
"Form of the Final Terms" for a description of the content of the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to 
apply in relation to the relevant Securities. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
Contents  
Page 
General Conditions 
296 
Definitions Conditions 
370 
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
405 
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
602 
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
669 
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
689 
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
690 
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
751 
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
812 
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
869 
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
885 
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
889 
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
925

--- Page 296 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
296 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS 
This section sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all Securities. 
The following are the general conditions (the General Conditions) that apply to the Securities.  
The following are the General Conditions that will apply to all Securities together with the Definitions Conditions, as 
supplemented in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and any applicable Additional Conditions 
specified to be applicable in such Final Terms. Where any Additional Conditions are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for any Securities, the General Conditions shall be subject to the provisions contained in such Additional Conditions and 
will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Additional Conditions. In all cases, these General 
Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and the provisions of such Additional Conditions shall be subject to the applicable 
Final Terms, and will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Final Terms. 
This Security is (i) a note (a Note) or a certificate (a Certificate), as specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) one of 
a Series (as defined below) of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Crédit Agricole CIB) 
or Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions (Crédit Agricole CIB FS) or Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
(Crédit Agricole CIB FL) or any substitute or additional issuer which accedes to the Programme in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (each an Issuer and together, the Issuers) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
In relation to any Series of Securities, references to "Issuer" in these Terms and Conditions means the Issuer specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
References herein to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security (a Global Security), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Security; 
(iii) 
any Definitive Securities in bearer form issued in exchange for a Global Security in bearer form; 
(iv) 
Definitive Securities in registered form (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Security in registered form);  
(v) 
any Dematerialised Securities;  
(vi) 
any French Law Securities; and 
(vii) 
any Materialised Securities in bearer form. 
The Securities may be governed by "English Law","Irish "Law" or "French Law", as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
References to English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities or French Law Securities are to Securities governed by 
English law, Securities governed by Irish law and Securities governed by French law, respectively. 
The Securities, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and 
restated agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated on or about 10 May 2024, and made between the Issuers, Crédit Agricole CIB as guarantor (the 
Guarantor), Crédit Agricole CIB as French Paying Agent and Fiscal Agent (the French Paying Agent and the Fiscal 
Agent), CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Principal Paying Agent and the French Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which expression 
shall include any successor exchange agent), CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar), Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as delivery agent (the 
Delivery Agent, which expression shall include any person or entity to whom Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank has delegated such role and shall also include any additional or successor delivery agent) and CACEIS Bank, 
Luxembourg Branch as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents, and such Registrar, Transfer Agents, 
Exchange Agent, Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents, Principal Paying Agent, and Delivery Agent, together with the Hong Kong

--- Page 297 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
297 
 
Paying Agent (as defined below), being together referred to as the Agents). Any references in these Terms and Conditions 
to "Principal Paying Agent" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the French Paying Agent, 
as applicable. 
In respect of Securities designated as "CMU Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (CMU Securities), the Global Security 
representing such CMU Securities will, upon issue, be lodged with the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the CMU) 
operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the HKMA). Any entity appointed as Hong Kong paying agent in the 
applicable Final Terms of a Series of CMU Securities (the Hong Kong Paying Agent) will be responsible for the duties of 
the principal paying agent in relation to such Series of CMU Securities and the CMU. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, and for the purpose of allowing clearing of Securities in alternative clearing 
systems, any series may, in full but not in part, be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form 
(Dematerialised Securities) in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction of such alternative clearing 
system and the rules and regulations of such alternative clearing system. Such Securities will not have the benefit of the 
Agency Agreement and will instead be subject to an agency agreement (a Local Agency Agreement) between, inter alia, 
the relevant Issuer and a local agent (a Local Agent) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, who will act as issuing and 
paying agent in respect of such Dematerialised Securities. References herein to the Principal Paying Agent or Registrar 
should be read as references to such Local Agent where there is such a Local Agency Agreement, and to the extent that the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities are inconsistent with the terms of such Local Agency Agreement, the terms 
of the Local Agency Agreement shall prevail. Each Series of Securities that are Swedish Securities, Norwegian Securities 
or Finnish Securities will be subject to a Local Agency Agreement, where the Local Paying Agent will be the Swedish 
Issuing Agent, Norwegian Issuing Agent or Finnish Issuing Agent, respectively, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Securities designated as "Swedish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Swedish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Swedish 
Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act (1998:1479 (as amended)) (in Swedish: lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and all other applicable Swedish laws, 
regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Swedish central securities depository (in Swedish: 
central värdepappersförvarare) from time to time (Swedish CSD Rules) designated as the relevant clearing system in the 
applicable Final Terms for the Swedish Securities (which is expected to be Euroclear Sweden AB) (the Swedish CSD). The 
Swedish Securities shall be regarded as Registered Securities for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions save to the 
extent the relevant Terms and Conditions are inconsistent with the Swedish CSD Rules and these Terms and Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly. No Physical Global or Definitive Securities, coupons, receipts, talons or certificates will be 
issued in respect of Swedish Securities and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such bearer 
instruments shall not apply. 
Securities designated as "Norwegian Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Norwegian Securities) will be issued in 
uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act 
(in Norwegian: Verdipapirsentralloven av 15. mars 2019 nr. 6) and all other laws, regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by the relevant central securities depository (in Norwegian: verdipapirsentral) from time to time 
(the Norwegian CSD Rules) designated as relevant clearing system for the Norwegian Securities in the applicable Final 
Terms (which is expected to be Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo)) (the Norwegian CSD). No 
Physical Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued in respect of Norwegian Securities and the provisions 
relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such bearer instruments shall not apply. 
Securities designated as "Finnish Securities" in the applicable Final Terms (Finnish Securities) will constitute 
Dematerialised Securities issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (in Finnish Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 
(348/2017), the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (in Finnish Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991, as amended) and all 
other applicable Finnish laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by the Finnish central 
securities depository from time to time (the Finnish CSD Rules) designated as the relevant clearing system for the Finnish 
Securities in the applicable Final Terms (which is expected to be Euroclear Finland Oy) (the Finnish CSD). No Physical 
Global or Definitive Securities or certificates will be issued in respect of Finnish Securities other than as provided below 
and the provisions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical bearer instruments shall not apply. 
Payments of nominal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on any Finnish Security will be effected by the Finnish Issuing 
Agent in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. The Finnish CSD will not have qualified intermediary status.

--- Page 298 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
298 
 
Securities designated as "EUI Securities" will be issued and held in registered uncertificated form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force 
(the EUI Regulations) and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical document of title. The EUI 
Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the EUI Regulations. Title to the EUI Securities is recorded on the 
relevant Operator register of corporate securities. The Operator is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as 
CRESTCo Limited) (EUI or CREST). 
Holders of EUI Securities are referred to in Chapter 8 of the Crest Manual International contained in the CREST Manual 
issued by CREST (as the same may be amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time). The CREST 
International Manual contains the form of CREST Deed Poll entered into by the Crest Depository (the Crest Deed Poll). 
The rights of the holders of EUI Securities will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and the Issuer including the Crest Deed Poll. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI Securities, 
maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in accordance with the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
(EUI or CREST) (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (the Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly 
updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the rules and practices from time to time 
of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of 
a particular number of EUI Securities shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI 
Securities for all purposes (and the expression EUI Holder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done 
by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the EUI Agent maintains 
are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the EUI Securities. 
In the event that the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Securities, as the case may be, are inconsistent with the Swedish 
CSD Rules, the Norwegian CSD Rules, the Finnish CSD Rules, the EUI Regulation or any other applicable local Clearing 
System Rules, as the case may be, such Swedish CSD Rules, Norwegian CSD Rules, Finnish CSD Rules, or, as the case 
may be, local Clearing System Rules shall prevail. 
Interest bearing Definitive Bearer Securities have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Definitive Bearer Securities repayable in 
instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of nominal (other than the final instalment) attached 
on issue. Registered Securities and Global Securities do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for Definitive Bearer Securities (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on such Definitive Bearer Securities and complete these Terms and Conditions. References to the 
applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on such 
Definitive Bearer Securities. 
Unless otherwise specified, any calculation to be made with respect to the French Law Securities, in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Terms and Conditions), shall be made as 
follows: in the case of French Law Securities, (x) with respect to Dematerialised French Securities, either (a) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (b) if 
this is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up), (y) with respect to Materialised French Securities 
represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) and (z) with respect to Definitive Materialised French Security in 
bearer form, the Calculation Amount. 
Where a Security is an English Law Security issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the payment of 
all amounts in respect of such Security has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee governed by 
English Law (the English Guarantee) dated on or about 10 May 2024, executed by the Guarantor. The original of the 
English Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders in respect of English Law Securities at its specified office. 
Where a Security is an Irish Law Security issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the payment of all 
amounts in respect of such Security has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee governed by Irish 
Law (the Irish Guarantee) dated on or about 10 May 2024, executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Irish Guarantee

--- Page 299 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
299 
 
is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders in respect 
of Irish Law Securities at its specified office. 
Where a Security is a French Law Security issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the payment of all 
amounts in respect of such Security has been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee governed by French Law 
(the French Guarantee) dated on or about 10 May 2024, executed by the Guarantor. The original of the French Guarantee 
is held by the French Paying Agent on behalf of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders in respect 
of French Law Securities at its specified office. 
The term Guarantee is used in these Terms and Conditions to refer to the English Guarantee, the Irish Guarantee or the 
French Guarantee, as the context requires. 
Any reference to Securityholders or holders in relation to any Securities shall mean (in the case of Bearer Securities) the 
holders of the Securities and (in the case of Registered Securities) the persons in whose name the Securities are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the 
holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. The terms 
Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders are used in these Terms and Conditions to refer to such holders of 
Securities, Receipts and Coupons, respectively, of a Series of English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities or French Law 
Securities, as the context requires. 
As used herein, Tranche means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading, 
as applicable) and Series means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Securities which 
are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading, as applicable) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders in relation to English Law Securities, the related Receipts 
and the related Coupons, respectively, are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant governed by English law (the English 
Law Deed of Covenant) dated on or about 10 May 2024 and made by the Issuers. The original of the English Law Deed of 
Covenant is held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders in relation to Irish Law Securities, the related Receipts and 
the related Coupons, respectively, are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant governed by Irish law (the Irish Law 
Deed of Covenant) dated on or about 10 May 2024 and made by the Issuers. The original of the Irish Law Deed of Covenant 
is held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch as the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as defined below). 
The term Deed of Covenant is used in these Terms and Conditions to refer to the English Law Deed of Covenant or the 
Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as the context requires, and the term Deeds of Covenant refers to all of them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deeds of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the other Paying Agents and Transfer 
Agents (or, in the case of CMU Securities, at the specified office of the Hong Kong Paying Agent). The Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement, the applicable Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms, which are applicable to them. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE, TRANSFER 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
(a) 
Save in the case of Dematerialised Securities or French Law Securities, the Securities are in bearer form 
(Bearer Securities) or in registered form (Registered Securities) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of Securities issued in definitive form (Definitive Securities), are serially 
numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Securities of one Specified

--- Page 300 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
300 
 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Securities of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Securities may not be exchanged for Registered Securities and vice versa. 
Definitive Bearer Securities are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Securities in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
(b) 
French Law Securities are issued either in dematerialised form (the Dematerialised French Securities) 
or in materialised form (the Materialised French Securities).  
(i) 
Title to the Dematerialised French Securities will be established by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte), in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. No physical documents of title (including representative certificates (certificats 
représentatifs) referred to in Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be 
issued with respect to Dematerialised French Securities. 
(ii) 
Dematerialised French Securities are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, either in bearer form (au porteur), in which case they will be recorded in 
the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which will 
credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in this case, 
at the option of the relevant Holder of French Law Securities, either in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be registered in the books of an Account 
Holder designated by the relevant Holder of French Law Securities, or in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer 
or by an agent (établissement mandataire) (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on 
behalf of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
(iii) 
In these General Conditions, Account Holder means any financial intermediary authorized to 
hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). All Dematerialised French Securities will be admitted, when 
they are issued, to the operations of a Relevant Clearing System (as defined in the Definitions 
Conditions). 
(iv) 
Materialised French Securities are issued in bearer materialised form. The Materialised French 
Securities in bearer form are numbered in series and issued with Coupons and, where applicable, 
with a Talon attached, except in the case of Zero Coupon Securities for which references to 
Coupons and Talons are not applicable. Instalment Securities are issued with one or several 
Receipts.  
(v) 
In accordance with Article L. 211-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier, securities (such 
as Materialised French Securities constituting obligations under French law) which are governed 
by French law and in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(vi) 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary 
identification information of holders of French Law Securities such as the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, 
email address of such holders.  
(vii) 
In these General Conditions, Holder or holder of any French Law Securities or, where 
applicable, Holder of French Law Securities means (A) in the case of Dematerialised French 
Securities, the person whose name appears on the account of the relevant Account Holder, of the 
Issuer or of the Registration Agent (if applicable) as the holder of these French Law Securities, 
or (B) in the case of Materialised French Securities, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
French Security in bearer form and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised 
terms have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the French Law Securities.

--- Page 301 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
301 
 
(viii) 
Dematerialised French Securities issued in bearer form (au porteur) cannot be converted into 
Dematerialised French Securities in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). Dematerialised French 
Securities issued in registered form (au nominatif) cannot be converted into Dematerialised 
French Securities issued in bearer form (au porteur). Dematerialised French Securities issued in 
fully registered form (nominatif pur) may be converted, at the option of the relevant Holder 
French Law Securities, into Dematerialised French Securities in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of such an option by said Holder must be 
made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion will be made at the expense of the relevant Holder. 
(ix) 
Materialised French Securities referring to one Specified Denomination cannot be exchanged for 
Materialised French Securities of another Specified Denomination. 
(x) 
French Law Securities shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
The Specified Denomination of Non-Exempt Securities shall be at least EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency), except where Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the Issuer, where the Specified Denomination 
of Non-Exempt Securities can be less than EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
(d) 
Securities will be Alternative Currency Securities if "Alternative Currency Conditions" are specified as 
being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
Title 
(a) 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. The 
Issuer has appointed the Registrar at its office specified below to act as registrar of the Registered 
Securities. The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the specified office of the Registrar, for the time being at 5, 
Allée Scheffer, L-2520 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, a register (the Register) on which shall be entered, 
inter alia, the name and address of the beneficial owner of the principal and stated interest of the Registered 
Securities, the amount and type of the Registered Securities held by each holder, and particulars of all 
transfers of title of the Registered Securities. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except 
as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Security, Receipt or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Security, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. Except as set out 
below, title to the Registered Securities will pass upon registration of transfers in the Register and 
surrender in accordance with the Agency Agreement. The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error and, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
registered holder of any Registered Security whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to these 
Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner for purposes of 
payment of principal and interest on such Registered Securities, whether or not it is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss, and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the registered holder. 
(b) 
For so long as any of the Securities (other than CMU Securities) is represented by a Bearer Global Security 
or Registered Global Security held on behalf of The Depository Trust Company (DTC), Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Securities for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of nominal or interest on such nominal amount of such Securities, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Security shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the

--- Page 302 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
302 
 
holder of such nominal amount of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Security and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
For so long as any of the CMU Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of the CMU, 
each person (other than the CMU) who is for the time being shown in the records of the CMU as the holder 
of a particular principal amount of such CMU Securities (in which regard a CMU Instrument Position 
Report (as defined in the CMU Rules) or other statement by the CMU as to the identities and interests of 
persons credited with interests in the Global Security and the principal amount of the CMU Securities 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of that 
principal amount of CMU Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the CMU Securities, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Security shall be 
treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of the CMU Securities in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security, and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
For so long as DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any of their nominees is the registered 
owner or holder of a Registered Global Security, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by 
such Registered Global Security for all purposes under the Agency Agreement and the Securities except 
to the extent that in accordance with DTC's, Euroclear's or Clearstream, Luxembourg's published rules and 
procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
(e) 
References to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative relevant clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. All Securities issued by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank or 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions will be admitted upon issuance to a Relevant Clearing System. 
(f) 
In the case of French Law Securities, title to Dematerialised French Securities in bearer form (au porteur) 
and in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) is transferred, and the transfer of these 
Securities is only carried out, by recording the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised French Securities in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) is transmitted, and the 
transfer of these Securities can only be made, by recording the transfer in the accounts kept by the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent. Title to Materialised French Securities in definitive form having, where 
applicable, Coupons, one or more Receipts, and / or a Talon attached thereto on issue (Definitive 
Materialised French Securities) is transmitted by delivery (par tradition). Except as ordered by a court 
of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(g) 
In the case of Swedish Securities, Securityholder and holder of Security means the person in whose 
name a Swedish Security is registered in the Register and the reference to a person in whose name a 
Swedish Security is registered shall include also any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (in 
Swedish: förvaltare) and registered as such in respect of the relevant Securities. In respect of Swedish 
Securities, the Register means the register maintained by the Swedish CSD on behalf of the relevant Issuer 
in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Securityholder (as defined above) of any Swedish Securities shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
Securityholder. The relevant Issuer and the Swedish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the Register in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(h) 
Title to the Norwegian Securities will pass by registration in the registers between the accountholders in 
the Norwegian CSD in accordance with the Norwegian CSD Rules. In the case of Norwegian Securities,

--- Page 303 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
303 
 
Securityholder and holder of Security means the person in whose name a Norwegian Security is 
registered in the Register and the reference to a person in whose name a Norwegian Security is registered 
shall also include any entities registered with the Norwegian CSD as nominee holder (forvalter) of the 
Norwegian Securities. In respect of Norwegian Securities, the Register means the register maintained with 
the Norwegian CSD on behalf of the relevant Issuer in accordance with the Norwegian CSD Rules. Except 
as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholder (as defined above) 
of any Norwegian Securities shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Securityholder. In respect of Norwegian Securities, each 
Securityholder agrees and consents that the Norwegian CSD will provide to the relevant Issuer, the 
Norwegian Issuing Agent and Norwegian authorities, upon request, information registered with the 
Norwegian CSD relating to the Norwegian Securities and the Securityholders. Such information shall 
include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of Norwegian Securities, the residency 
of the registered holder of Norwegian Securities, the number of Norwegian Securities registered with the 
relevant holder of Norwegian Securities, the address of the relevant holder of Norwegian Securities, 
identity of the registrar account operator in respect of the relevant securities account (in Norwegian: 
Kontofører Investor) and whether or not the Norwegian Securities are registered in the name of a nominee 
and the identity of any such nominee.  
(i) 
In the case of Finnish Securities, Securityholder and holder of Security means the person in whose name 
a Finnish Security is registered in the Register and the reference to a person in whose name a Finnish 
Security is registered shall include also any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (in Finnish: 
hallintorekisteröinnin hoitaja) and registered as such in respect of the relevant Securities. In respect of 
Finnish Securities, the Register means the register maintained by the Finnish CSD on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholder (as defined above) of any Finnish Securities shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the Securityholder. The relevant Issuer and the Finnish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the Register in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. 
1.3 
Transfer  
(a) 
General 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will be transferable only through an account with, 
and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the CMU, or such other clearing system approved by the Issuers or the Principal Paying 
Agent. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative relevant clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Securities which are represented by Registered Securities in definitive form 
will be transferred only in accordance with General Conditions 1.3(c) (Transfers of Registered Securities 
in definitive form) and 1.3(f) (Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally) and the legends 
appearing on such Registered Securities. 
(b) 
Transfer of interests in Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Security will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Securities in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Security only in the Specified Denominations and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency 
Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Security registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall

--- Page 304 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
304 
 
be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Security, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of 
DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Subject as provided in General Condition 1.3(d) (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption), upon 
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Security in 
definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations). In order to effect 
any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Security for registration of 
the transfer of the Registered Security (or the relevant part of the Registered Security) at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder 
or holders thereof or its or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due 
and careful enquiry, and upon being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request, enter the name of the transferee of the Registered Securities in definitive form in the 
Register as the holder of such Registered Securities. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable 
regulations as the relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 9 (Additional Duties of the Agent and the Registrar) to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three (3) business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or 
other laws or regulations) authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address 
as the transferee may request, a new Registered Security in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal 
amount to the Registered Security (or the relevant part of the Registered Security) transferred. In the case 
of the transfer of part only of a Registered Security in definitive form, a new Registered Security in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Security not transferred will be so authenticated 
and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(d) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Securities under General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), 
the relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Security, or part of a 
Registered Security, called for partial redemption. 
(e) 
Costs of registration 
Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax 
or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(f) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally 
Securityholders holding Registered Securities in definitive form may exchange such Securities for 
interests in a Registered Global Security of the same type at any time. 
(g) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Securities 
Transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Security will only be made 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement, amended as appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are available from the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Security or beneficial 
interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made:

--- Page 305 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
305 
 
(i) 
to a Permitted Transferee outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S who takes 
delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Security; or 
(ii) 
with respect to U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, (1) to a transferee in the United 
States or who is a U.S. person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A who takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A 
Global Security, (2) and, at the time it purchases the Security or an interest therein and who duly 
executes an investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
(Investment Letter), in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and who takes 
delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Global Security, (3) to a non-U.S. person (as 
defined in Regulation S) outside the United States pursuant to Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act or subject to receipt by the relevant Issuer of such satisfactory evidence 
as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
such transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. No Regulation S Global Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL may at any time be owned beneficially by a U.S. person. 
(h) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Securities 
Transfers of Rule 144A Securities or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Security, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect 
that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that in the case of a 
Regulation S Global Security registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, the interests in the 
Securities being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
to a transferee who (A) takes delivery of such interest through a Rule 144A Security which 
transferee is a transferee whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and (B) at the time it purchases the Security or an interest 
therein duly executes an investment letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement (Investment Letter), in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or 
(iii) 
subject to receipt by Crédit Agricole CIB of such satisfactory evidence as Crédit Agricole CIB 
may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in 
compliance with the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or 
any other jurisdiction. 
(i) 
Transfer of Dematerialised Securities 
In the case of Dematerialised Securities, all transactions (including transfers of such Securities), in the 
open market or otherwise must be effected on account with the Relevant Clearing System subject to and 
in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of such Relevant Clearing System and title 
will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of such Relevant Clearing System or any nominee 
thereof which, in the case of Swedish Securities and the Finnish Securities and the Norwegian Securities, 
will be by registration in the Register in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules, the Finnish CSD Rules 
and the Norwegian CSD Rules, respectively. 
(j) 
Minimum Trading Size

--- Page 306 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
306 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that a Minimum Trading Size is applicable in respect of the 
Securities, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this General Condition 1.3, Securityholders 
shall only be permitted to acquire, transfer or trade Securities with an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
the minimum amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Minimum Trading Size). 
2. 
STATUS OF THE SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE 
(a) 
The Securities (other than Secured Securities) and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute 
direct, unsubordinated or, with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, senior preferred 
(within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu among themselves and (subject as 
aforesaid and to certain statutory exceptions) equally with all other unsubordinated or, with respect to 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, senior preferred, and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer 
from time to time outstanding, and rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
existing or future direct, unsubordinated or, with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, 
senior preferred, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer (other than those preferred 
by law). 
(b) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities are Secured Securities, the Securities 
constitute direct, unsubordinated or, with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, senior 
preferred, and unconditional obligations of the relevant Issuer, secured to the extent of the relevant 
Collateral Assets. 
(c) 
In the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, the payment of 
nominal and interest in respect of the Securities and (if applicable) Coupons is unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The Guarantee constitutes an 
unconditional and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks (save for statutorily preferred 
exceptions) pari passu with any other existing or future unsecured and senior preferred obligations of the 
Guarantor, present and future. 
3. 
REDENOMINATION 
3.1 
General  
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the relevant Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the 
Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in 
the notice, the Securities of the relevant Series shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as described in the provisions below. 
(a) 
The Securities and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of euro 
0.01 with a nominal amount for each Security and Receipt equal to the nominal amount of that Security 
or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, if the 
relevant Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the 
redenomination in euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the Securityholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the 
Securities may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments. 
(b) 
Save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with General Condition 3.1(d), 
the amount of interest due in respect of the Securities will be calculated by reference to the aggregate 
nominal amount of Securities held (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for 
payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 
0.01.

--- Page 307 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
307 
 
(c) 
If Definitive Securities are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued at the 
expense of the relevant Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only 
to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Agent 
may approve) euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Agent shall determine and notify to the 
Securityholders. 
(d) 
If issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency 
(whether or not attached to the Securities) will become void with effect from the date on which the relevant 
Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement euro-denominated Securities, Receipts and 
Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will 
be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Securities and Receipts so issued 
will also become void on that date although those Securities and Receipts will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the relevant Issuer. New euro-denominated Securities, Receipts and Coupons will 
be issued in exchange for Securities, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in such 
manner as the Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Securityholders in the Exchange Notice. 
No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of nominal or interest 
on the Securities. 
(e) 
After the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons, 
other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will 
be made solely in euro as though references in the Securities to the Specified Currency were to euro. 
Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; in 
each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction as the case may be, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(f) 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities and interest for any period ending on or after the Redenomination 
Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be 
calculated: 
(i) 
in the case of the Securities represented by a Global Security, by applying the Rate of Interest 
either to (A) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such 
Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (B) the 
nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest 
Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
in the case of Definitive Securities, by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
(iii) 
in the case of French Law Securities, (x) with respect to Dematerialised French Securities, either 
(a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid 
Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (b) if this is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up), (y) with respect to Materialised French 
Securities represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) and 
(z) with respect to Definitive Materialised French Security in bearer form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market conventions. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the

--- Page 308 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
308 
 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(g) 
Such other changes shall be made to this General Condition 3 (Redenomination) as the relevant Issuer may 
decide after consultation with the Paying Agent(s) and, in the case of Registered Securities, the Registrar 
and as may be specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions applicable to instruments denominated 
in Euro. 
3.2 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event 
If a Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event occurs: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, convert all of the Issuer's payment obligations in respect of the 
Securities into any other currency as the Calculation Agent may select, in which case all such payment 
obligations shall be converted into such other currency (the Replacement Payment Currency) at the rate 
of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent without the need for any further action or any consent. 
Any such conversion shall be effective from the time and date notified to Securityholders by the Issuer in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). Upon conversion (i) all of the Issuer's payment 
obligations in respect of the Securities shall be denominated and payable in the Replacement Payment 
Currency, (ii) the Conditions shall be construed accordingly and (iii) the Calculation Agent shall be entitled 
to make such other changes to the Conditions as it deems appropriate in order to give effect to the 
conversion. 
(b) 
Until such time as the Calculation Agent converts the Issuer's payment obligations under the Securities in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above, or in circumstances where the Calculation Agent determines not to 
do so, the Issuer's payment obligations in respect of the Securities shall be converted into the currency 
then adopted in France without the need for any further action or any consent at the rate of exchange 
specified by applicable law or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent and the Conditions shall 
be construed accordingly (including, without limitation, by giving effect to such other changes to the 
Conditions as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate in order to reflect the conversion). 
(c) 
By giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), the relevant 
Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities early on a 
date to be specified by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed at its Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount denominated in the Replacement Payment Currency (if applicable) or the currency then adopted 
in France. 
Upon the occurrence of a Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice, as 
soon as practicable, to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto.  
In making any calculation or determination for the purposes of this General Condition 3.2, the Calculation Agent 
shall take into consideration all available information, which it deems relevant but shall otherwise act, in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to convert 
the Issuer's payment obligations under any Series of Securities into a Replacement Payment Currency following a 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event. None of the Issuer, Guarantor or the Calculation Agent shall have 
any responsibility or liability to any Securityholder in respect of any loss incurred following the occurrence of a 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event. 
Any payment made by the relevant Issuer in accordance with this General Condition 3.2 will constitute a valid 
payment and will not constitute a default in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 309 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
309 
 
4. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Securities (including Credit Linked Securities and Bond 
Linked Securities) are one or more of: (a) Fixed Rate Securities, (b) Floating Rate Securities, (c) Zero Coupon 
Securities, and/or (d) Linked Interest Securities. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
(a) 
If: 
(i) 
"All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Fixed Rate Security 
bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Redemption Date at the rate(s) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest; and 
(ii) 
certain Interest Accrual Periods (other than All Interest Accrual Periods) are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the first day 
of the first Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable Final Terms to (and including) 
the last day of the last Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable Final Terms at the 
rate(s) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, any references in this General 
Condition 4.1 to Interest Accrual Period will be deemed to be references only to such specified 
Interest Accrual Periods for the purpose of this provision. 
In each case above, interest will accrue on a daily basis on each day during each relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and will be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
If "One-off Coupon" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Fixed Rate Security 
will bear interest at the Rate of Interest, which will be payable on the Interest Payment Date, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where "One-off Coupon" is applicable to a Series of Securities, 
it may be the sole interest payment or an additional interest payment in respect of such Securities. 
(c) 
If the Securities are in definitive form the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Accrual Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period Date immediately 
preceding, or falling on, such Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments 
of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount (the Fixed Coupon Amount and the Broken Amount being together, Interest Amounts). 
(d) 
Except in the case of Securities in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the interest amount in respect of a period (an Interest 
Amount) shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Security, either (i) the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Securities represented by such Global 
Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (ii) the nominal 
amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified 
Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, or 
(iii) 
in the case of French Law Securities, (x) with respect to Dematerialised French Securities, either 
(a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Securities (or, if they are Partly 
Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (b) if this is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up), (y) with respect to Materialised French 
Securities represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount 
paid up) and (z) with respect to Definitive Materialised French Security in bearer form, the 
Calculation Amount,

--- Page 310 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
310 
 
and in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (except in the case of 
Securities for which One-off Coupon has been specified and where no Interest Accrual Period applies), 
and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding). Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
If: 
(i) 
"All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Floating Rate 
Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the Redemption Date at the applicable Rate of Interest; or 
(ii) 
certain Interest Accrual Periods (other than All Interest Accrual Periods) are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Floating Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the first 
day of the first Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable Final Terms to (and 
including) the last day of the last Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms at the applicable Rate of Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, any references in this General 
Condition 4.2 to Interest Accrual Period will be deemed to be references only to such specified 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
In each case, interest will accrue on a daily basis on each day during each relevant Interest Accrual Period 
and such interest will be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date.  
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
Subject to General Condition 4.5 (Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest), the 
Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities will be determined in 
accordance with the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
or Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will be a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the applicable Interest Determination Date under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as "Calculation Agent" for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions, and 
the following shall apply for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the definition of "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" shall be read as referring to such 
indices, benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(B) 
"Business Day" shall mean each day that is a Business Day under the Conditions of the 
Floating Rate Securities; 
(C) 
"Calculation Period" means the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 311 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
311 
 
(D) 
the definition of "Compounding Date" shall be read as referring to each day specified as 
such (or determined pursuant to a method specified for that purpose) in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(E) 
the definition of "Impacted Index" shall be read as referring to the index, benchmark or 
other price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(F) 
"Rate Cut-off Date" shall mean each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(G) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 2.3.8 (Application of Business Day 
Conventions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(H) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 4.8 (Rounding) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(I) 
Section 4.9 (Straight Compounding, Flat Compounding and Spread Exclusive 
Compounding) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Straight 
Compounding", "Flat Compounding" or "Spread Exclusive Compounding" being 
specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(J) 
Section 6.3.2 (Unweighted Average Floating Rate) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be read as referring to "Unweighted Average" being specified to apply, and to 
"Unweighted Average" and "Weighted Average" not being specified to apply, in each 
case in the applicable Final Terms; 
(K) 
Section 6.3.3 (Weighted Average Floating Rate) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
read as referring to "Weighted Average" being specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(L) 
Section 6.8.2 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive 
Compounding not applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring 
to "Floating Negative Interest Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(M) 
Section 6.8.3 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive 
Compounding applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to 
"Floating Negative Interest Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(N) 
Section 6.8.4 (Zero Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding 
not applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero Interest 
Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(O) 
Section 6.8.5 (Zero Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero Interest 
Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(P) 
Section 6.8.6 (Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread (Straight/Flat/Spread 
Exclusive Compounding not applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread" applying if specified to apply 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(Q) 
Section 6.13 (Planned Replacement of a Benchmark) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be read as referring to a "Successor Benchmark" and a "Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date" being specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 312 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
312 
 
(R) 
the reference to a "Calculation Period to which "Linear Interpolation" applies" in Section 
6.10.1 (Use of Linear Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, if "Linear Interpolation" is specified as being 
applicable to such period in the applicable Final Terms; 
(S) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.1 (OIS Compounding) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(T) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.2 (Compounding with Lookback) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(U) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(V) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.4 (Compounding with Lockout) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(W) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.1 (Overnight Averaging) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(X) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.2 (Averaging with Lookback) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(Y) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.3 (Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(Z) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.4 (Averaging with Lockout) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(AA) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.1 (Standard Index Method) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(BB) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.2 (All-In Compounded Index Method) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(CC) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.3 (Compounded Index Method) of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(DD) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(EE) 
 the definition of "Day Count Basis" for the purposes of Sections 7.3.1 (OIS 
Compounding), 7.3.2 (Compounding with Lookback), 7.3.3 (Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift), 7.3.4 (Compounding with Lockout), 7.7.1 (Standard Index 
Method), 7.7.2 (All-In Compounded Index Method), 7.7.3 (Compounded Index Method), 
7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift), means the number 
specified as such for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction specified for a 
Floating Rate Security in the applicable Final Terms; 
(FF) 
Sections 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period Shift), 7.4.3 (Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift), 7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Set-in-Advance" being 
applicable if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 313 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
313 
 
(GG) 
references 
to 
"the 
Confirmation" 
in 
Section 
8.3.1 
(Application 
of 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring 
to the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (i), Floating Rate Option, Applicable Benchmark, 
Designated Maturity, Fixing Day, Fixing Time, Reset Dates, Successor Benchmark, 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective 
Date, 
Permanent 
Cessation 
Trigger, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, Specified Public Source, Temporary Non-Publication 
Trigger, Permanent Cessation Fallback, Applicable Fallback Rate, Underlying Fallback 
Rate, Administrator/Benchmark Fallback, Temporary Non-Publication Fallback, 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate Averaging Method, Daily Floored 
Rate, Daily Capped Rate, Index Method, Relevant Index Level have the meanings given to 
those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but with references, where applicable, to "the 
Confirmation" being read as the applicable Final Terms and references, where applicable to the 
"Calculation Period" being read as the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(ii) 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may amend Condition 4.2(b)(i) from time to time to 
the extent that it determines necessary in order to ensure consistency with prevailing market 
standards or market trading conventions (as established pursuant to the agreement of the leading 
dealers in the derivatives market for rates or any relevant committee established by ISDA, a 
market-wide protocol, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange 
or clearing system) that would be or are applicable to any Reference Hedge Transaction from 
time to time. The Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the relevant Issuer, make 
any amendments to Condition 4.2(b)(i) of the Securities pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(ii) 
other than to the extent necessary to give effect to the relevant change(s). The Calculation Agent 
shall notify the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon 
making any such amendment. 
For the purpose of the above paragraph, Reference Hedge Transaction means a transaction 
entered into, or which would be entered into, on market standard terms and at arm's length with 
a leading dealer in the relevant market and pursuant to which the Issuer's risk in respect of its 
payment obligations linked to any interest rate benchmark referenced in the Securities is, or 
would be, hedged. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 
(Rounding)) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided in General Condition 
4.6 (Rounding)) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 314 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
314 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of General Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A) 
(Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities), no offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of General Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Securities), fewer than three (3) offered quotations appear, in each case at the Relevant Screen 
Page Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two (2) or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the offered quotations plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General 
Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two (2) or more of them, at which such banks were offered 
at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two (2) of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded in accordance 
with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the 
Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(c) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(ii) 
Following such determination of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Applicable Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as follows: 
Applicable Rate of Interest = (Rate of Interest x Universal Leverage) 
where: 
Universal Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such percentage or number is specified in the applicable Final Terms or specified 
to be not applicable, the Universal Leverage shall be deemed to be one (1). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Universal Leverage may have a positive or a negative value, and in the case of a 
number, may be one (1).

--- Page 315 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
315 
 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Securities for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Applicable 
Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Security, either 
(I) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such 
Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or 
(II) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than 
one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, or 
(C) 
in the case of French Law Securities, (x) with respect to Dematerialised French 
Securities, either (a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Floating Rate 
Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (b) if 
this is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the nominal amount 
represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the 
aggregate amount paid up), (y) with respect to Materialised French Securities 
represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Floating Rate Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the 
aggregate amount paid up) and (z) with respect to Definitive Materialised French 
Security in bearer form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding). Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Floating Rate Security in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
(d) 
Notification of Applicable Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
(ii) 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Applicable Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
relevant Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the 
time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the first 
Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Securities are for the time being listed and to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this General Condition 
4.2(d), the expression Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in Luxembourg. 
(e) 
FRS Additional Disruption Events  
The provisions of this General Condition 4.2(e) apply to Floating Rate Securities only. 
(i) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a FRS Additional Disruption Event

--- Page 316 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
316 
 
If a FRS Additional Disruption Event occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may take the action, if applicable, described in (A) or (B) below: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for the FRS 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment; or 
(B) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, where 
payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of a FRS Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the FRS Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(ii) 
Definitions 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to the floating 
element of the Interest Rate. 
FRS Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (I) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the 
currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (II) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 317 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
317 
 
(f) 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Floating Rate Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 4.2, if any 
other event occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on 
the Securities, then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this General Condition 4.2(f), the relevant 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.3 
Interest on Linked Interest Securities 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
If:  
(i) 
"All Interest Accrual Periods" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Linked Interest 
Security bears interest at the applicable Linked Interest Rate (as defined in General Condition 
4.3(b) (Linked Interest Rate)) on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid 
Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
to (but excluding) the Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
certain Interest Accrual Periods (other than All Interest Accrual Periods) are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Linked Interest Security bears interest from (and including) the first 
day of the first Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable Final Terms to (and 
including) the last day of the last Interest Accrual Period so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms at the applicable Linked Interest Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, any references in this 
General Condition 4.3 to Interest Accrual Period will be deemed to be references only to such 
specified Interest Accrual Periods. 
In each case, interest will accrue on a daily basis on each day during each relevant Interest Accrual Period 
and such interest will be payable in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period in arrears on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
Linked Interest Rate 
The rate payable from time to time in respect of the applicable Linked Interest Securities (each a Linked 
Interest Rate) will be determined in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Linked Interest Rate and calculation of Interest Amounts 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Linked Interest Rate on the Interest Determination Date 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 318 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
318 
 
(ii) 
Following such determination of the Linked Interest Rate, the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Applicable Linked Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as follows: 
Applicable Linked Interest Rate = (Linked Interest Rate x Universal Leverage) + Universal 
Margin 
where: 
Universal Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such percentage or number is specified in the applicable Final Terms or specified 
to be not applicable, the Universal Leverage shall be deemed to be one (1). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Universal Leverage may have a positive or a negative value, and in the case of a 
number, may be one (1). 
Universal Margin means (a) a percentage, (b) a number or (c) a Universal Floating Rate (plus 
or minus the Universal Offset), each specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no such 
percentage, number or rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is specified to be not 
applicable, the Universal Margin shall be deemed to be zero (0). For the avoidance of doubt, 
Universal Margin may have a positive or negative value, and in the case of a number, may be 
zero (0). 
Universal Floating Rate means an interest rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
and calculated in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in accordance with General 
Condition 4.2(b) above as if such interest rate was the Rate of Interest applicable to the Securities. 
Universal Offset means a percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is specified to be not applicable, the 
Universal Offset shall be deemed to be zero (0). 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Linked Interest Securities for the relevant Interest Accrual Period by applying the Applicable 
Linked Interest Rate to:  
(A) 
in the case of Linked Interest Securities which are represented by a Global Security 
(other than where General Condition 4.3(c)(iii)(D) below applies), either (i) the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such Global 
Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (ii) the 
nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the 
lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
in the case of a Linked Interest Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount 
(other than where General Condition 4.3(c)(iii)(D) below applies);  
(C) 
in the case of French Law Securities, (x) with respect to Dematerialised French 
Securities, either (a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Linked Interest 
Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) or (b) if 
this is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the nominal amount 
represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the 
aggregate amount paid up), (y) with respect to Materialised French Securities 
represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Linked Interest Securities (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the 
aggregate amount paid up) and (z) with respect to Definitive Materialised French 
Security in bearer form, the Calculation Amount, or 
(D) 
in the case of a Linked Interest Security where the relevant Linked Interest Rate is 
determined in whole or in part by reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions, the 
Index Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions, the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Linked Interest Security,

--- Page 319 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
319 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding). In the case of General 
Condition 4.3(c)(iii)(D) above, where the Specified Denomination of a Linked Interest Security 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of such Security shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach such Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(d) 
Notification of Applicable Linked Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Applicable Linked Interest 
Rate and Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
(ii) 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Applicable Linked Interest Rate and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the relevant Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Linked Interest Securities are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices) as soon as possible after the day on which the notice was given to the Principal 
Paying Agent but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. For the 
purposes of this General Condition 4.3(d), the expression Luxembourg Business Day means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in Luxembourg. 
4.4 
Interest on Zero Coupon Securities 
No amount of interest will accrue or become payable on Zero Coupon Securities. 
4.5 
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest 
(a) 
With respect to Floating Rate Securities only, if any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(either (i) generally, or (ii) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Applicable Rates of Interest, in the case of (i), or the Applicable Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (ii), by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin. 
(b) 
With respect to Floating Rate Securities only, if the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Applicable Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Securities) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Applicable Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(c) 
With respect to Floating Rate Securities only, if the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Accrual Period, then, in the event that the Applicable Rate of Interest in respect of 
such Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Securities) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Applicable Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
With respect to all Securities, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms with respect to Floating 
Rate Securities, the Minimum Rate of Interest, shall be deemed to be zero. 
4.6 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these General Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (a) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), (b) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh 
significant shall be rounded up) and (c) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the

--- Page 320 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
320 
 
nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being rounded up). For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount 
of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
4.7 
Cessation of Accrual of Interest 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this General Condition 4 (Interest), each Security (or in the case of the 
redemption of part only of a Security, that part only of such Security) will cease to bear interest (if any) 
from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of nominal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue as from the date for its redemption, 
until whichever is the earlier of:  
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Security has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices).  
4.8 
Interest calculations regarding Swedish Securities 
Pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules, interest on any Swedish Security for any period of time is calculated from (but 
excluding) the first day of the relevant period to (but including) the last day of the relevant period and the provisions 
in this General Condition 4 shall be construed accordingly in respect of Swedish Securities. 
4.9 
Payoff Features 
The interest payable in respect of each Security will be subject to each Payoff Feature (if any) specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. A Payoff Feature will apply to: (a) all Interest Accrual Periods if "All Interest Accrual 
Periods" is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) to certain Interest Accrual Periods as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Payoff Feature. 
4.10 
Interpolation 
In respect of any Interest Accrual Period to which "Linear Interpolation" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest or Linked Interest Rate, as the case may be, for that Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, through the use of straight-
line interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Rate of Interest or Linked Interest Rate, as the case 
may be, one of which shall be determined as if the designated maturity of that rate were the period of time for which 
rates are next shorter than the length of the Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the designated maturity of that rate were the period of time for which rates are next longer than the length of the 
Interest Accrual Period. 
4.11 
Negative Interest 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, where an amount or rate of interest is calculated as, in 
accordance with this General Condition 4 and any applicable Additional Conditions, a negative amount or rate, as 
the case may be, such amount or rate shall be deemed to be zero. Securityholders shall not, in such circumstances 
be required to make any payment to the relevant Issuer in respect of such negative amount or rate nor shall any 
other payments then or in the future due in respect of the Securities be adjusted in respect of such negative amount 
or rate, except where, in certain circumstances, specifically provided in the applicable Final Terms whereby the 
Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
may be reduced by applying a negative amount (or rate) thereto, all as provided in the applicable Final Terms, it 
being specified that in no event the Final Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be less than zero. 
4.12 
Interest in respect of Instalment Securities

--- Page 321 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
321 
 
The Interest Amount in respect of any Instalment Security shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of this General Condition 4 by reference to the outstanding nominal 
amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of such Security on the date of 
determination (disregarding any payments in respect of nominal to be made on the date of determination). 
4.13 
Interest on Partly Paid Securities  
In the case of Partly Paid Securities (other than Partly Paid Securities that are Zero Coupon Securities), Interest will 
accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Securities. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
(a) 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively and if the Specified 
Currency is CNY, shall be the CNY Settlement Centre(s)); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
(b) 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer, the Guarantors or its Agents agree to be subject 
and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors will be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
General Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) when applicable, any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code and such withholding, 871(m) 
Withholding). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any 
amounts to be paid on the Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable 
law.  
(c) 
Payments on the Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such 
case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will 
be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the 
Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the 
holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
5.2 
Presentation of Definitive Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons 
(a) 
Payments of nominal in respect of Definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Bearer Securities, 
and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as provided below) be 
made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions)).

--- Page 322 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
322 
 
(b) 
Payments of instalments of nominal (if any) in respect of Definitive Bearer Securities, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 
(Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum 
due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in General Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Security in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for 
payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive Bearer Security to which it appertains. 
Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Security to which they appertain do not constitute valid 
obligations of the relevant Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Bearer Security becomes due 
and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Securities in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Securities (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of nominal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up)) in respect 
of such nominal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under General Condition 
9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have 
become due, but in no event thereafter. 
(d) 
Upon any Fixed Rate Security in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Redemption Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Security, Credit Linked Security, Linked Interest Security or 
Long Maturity Security in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if 
any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Security is a Fixed Rate 
Security (other than a Fixed Rate Security which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount 
on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Security shall cease to be a 
Long Maturity Security on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Security. 
(f) 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Security is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Security from (and including) the preceding or Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant Definitive Bearer Security. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Securities 
(a) 
Payments of nominal and interest (if any) in respect of Securities (other than CMU Securities) represented 
by any Global Security in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to Bearer Securities or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Security 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Security at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment 
of nominal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Security either by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(b) 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of CMU Securities represented by any Global 
Security in bearer form shall be made by the Hong Kong Paying Agent to the person(s) confirmed to the 
Hong Kong Paying Agent by the CMU prior to any relevant payment date as being credited with the

--- Page 323 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
323 
 
interest(s) in that Global Security in accordance with the terms of the CMU Rules, in each case unless 
otherwise provided in that Global Security. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Securities 
(a) 
Payments of nominal (other than instalments of nominal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Security at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated 
Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Securities maintained by the Registrar (the Register) 
(i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date (the Record Date). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have 
a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Securities held by a holder is less than 250,000 
euro (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident 
of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified 
as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other 
than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland 
respectively and if the Specified Currency is CNY, shall be the CNY Settlement Centre(s)) and (in the 
case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
(b) 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of nominal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the Specified 
Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the Register (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
Record Date at its address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at its risk. Upon application of 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three (3) business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Registered Security, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the 
preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of nominal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of the Registered Securities which become payable to the holder who has made the initial 
application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment 
of the interest due in respect of each Registered Security on redemption and the final instalment of nominal 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Security. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this General Condition 5.3(b), payments of interest and 
payments of instalments of nominal (other than the final instalment) in respect of each Registered Security 
denominated in CNY (whether or not in global form) will be made solely by transfer to the Designated 
Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the 
Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date. 
(d) 
Securityholders holding Registered Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Security as a result of a cheque posted in

--- Page 324 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
324 
 
accordance with this General Condition 5.3(b) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of nominal or interest in respect of the Registered Securities. 
(e) 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Security in respect 
of Securities denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer by the 
Registrar to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its 
nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
(f) 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
(a) 
The holder of a Global Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Securities represented by such Global Security and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the CMU or any Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CMU, as the case may be, for its share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 5, if any amount of nominal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Securities is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of nominal 
and/or interest in respect of such Securities will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of nominal and 
interest on the Bearer Securities in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such nominal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of nominal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
(c) 
In the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB, the relevant Issuer and each of its branches are a 
single legal entity and the obligation to make any payment under the Securities is an obligation of Crédit 
Agricole CIB as a whole. However, if the Final Terms specify a branch office of Crédit Agricole CIB as 
the branch of account for any payment under the Securities, then it may not be required to make any 
payment under the Securities at its head office or any of its other branches for so long as and to the extent 
that the specified branch of account is prevented from making any payment under the Securities due to (a) 
an act of war, insurrection or civil strife; or (b) an action by the government or any instrumentality of or 
in the jurisdiction of the specified branch of account (whether de jure or de facto). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Securities denominated and payable in CNY will 
be made solely by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
5.6 
Payment Business Day

--- Page 325 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
325 
 
(a) 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Business Day, the holder thereof shall instead be entitled to payment: (i) on the next following Payment 
Business Day in the relevant place, if "Following Payment Business Day" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or (ii) on the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for 
payment would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date for payment shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the relevant place, if "Modified 
Following Payment Business Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) on the immediately 
preceding Payment Business Day in the relevant place, if "Preceding Payment Business Day" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; provided that if neither "Following Payment Business Day" nor "Modified 
Following Payment Business Day" nor "Preceding Payment Business Day" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Following Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the event that (A) any 
adjustment is made to the date for payment in accordance with this General Condition 5 and (B) "Interest 
Accrual Periods will be unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant amount due in 
respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon shall not be affected by any such adjustment. For these 
purposes, Payment Business Day means any day, which is: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
(in respect of Definitive Securities) the relevant place of presentation or (in respect of 
Registered Securities) the place of registration; and 
(B) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro and CNY, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place 
of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland respectively) or (B) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 is open or (C) in relation to any sum 
payable in CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
(b) 
If the date specified for a payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon falls on a 
day in a month which does not exist (including, without limitation, when such payment is scheduled to be 
paid on 29 February in a year when that day does not occur), the holder of such Security, Receipt or 
Coupon shall instead be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the 
relevant place. 
5.7 
Payment in case of Currency Unavailability 
This Condition shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Security in the Specified Currency 
and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) is or will be unable to (or it is or will become impracticable for it to) 
make such payment in the Specified Currency due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control including, without 
limitation, any (i) sanctions or exchange controls imposed by any relevant governmental authority, or (ii) 
restrictions or controls applicable to the Issuer, any Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or Hong Kong Paying Agent 
(as applicable), Relevant Clearing System, or any of their account banks, which would in each case prevent or make 
impracticable transfers in the Specified Currency from the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) to the 
Securityholder(s) (a Currency Unavailability Event). 
In the event that the Issuer or Calculation Agent determines that a Currency Unavailability Event has occurred with 
respect to any particular scheduled payment or payments due by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) to the 
Securityholder(s) (the Affected Payment(s)), the Issuer or the Guarantor will be entitled to satisfy its obligations 
by making any Affected Payment in the Substitution Currency on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the

--- Page 326 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
326 
 
applicable amount of the Specified Currency is offered in exchange for the Substitution Currency in an appropriate 
inter-bank market at the time and date determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such screen rates or 
other quotations as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (the Spot Exchange Rate). Any Affected Payment 
made in the Substitution Currency in accordance with this Condition will not constitute a breach of the Issuer’s and 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Securities or any other Event of Default.  
If a Currency Unavailability Event occurs, then any reference to the “Specified Currency” shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the Substitution Currency with respect to the particular Affected Payments. 
No later than four (4) Business Days prior to the day such amount is scheduled to be paid in the Substitution 
Currency, or, as soon as reasonably practicable, if a Currency Unavailability Event occurs within such a period of 
four (4) Business Days, the Issuer will send a notice (an Affected Payment Notice) to the Securityholder(s) (copied 
to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or the Hong Kong Paying Agent (as applicable)) of (i) the 
determination that a Currency Unavailability Event has occurred and (ii) the Substitution Currency in which the 
relevant Affected Payment will be made. The Issuer will thereafter send as soon as reasonably practical to the 
Securityholder(s) (copied to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent or the Hong Kong Paying Agent (as 
applicable)) a notice specifying the applicable Spot Exchange Rate. The relevant Affected Payments will be paid 
in the Substitution Currency whether or not the Currency Unavailability Event exists or is continuing after the 
relevant Affected Payment Notice has been sent to the Securityholder(s); provided however, that unless a further 
Affected Payment Notice has been sent in respect of future payments subject to a Currency Unavailability Event, 
such future payments will be paid in the original contractual currency. 
For the purposes of this Condition, any determination by the Issuer or Calculation Agent shall be made in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and shall be binding on all parties. 
5.8 
General 
None of the Calculation Agent, the Issuers, the Guarantor, any Dealer or any Agent shall have any responsibility 
for any errors or omissions in the calculation of any Early Redemption Amount, the Final Redemption Amount, or 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or other amount whatsoever. 
5.9 
Interpretation 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to nominal in respect of the Securities shall, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, be deemed to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to nominal under General Condition 8 
(Taxation), if applicable; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(d) 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of the Securities; 
(e) 
in relation to Securities redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Redemption Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the relevant Issuer 
under or in respect of the Securities. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Securities shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under General Condition 8 
(Taxation). 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "payment", "repayment" and "redemption" and other related 
expressions (including, without limitation, for the purposes of the definition of "Payment Business Day" in General 
Condition 5.6 (Payment Business Day)) shall, where the context admits, include the delivery of any securities or 
other assets pursuant to physical settlement as provided in Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) in respect of ETF Linked

--- Page 327 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
327 
 
Securities or Share Linked Securities or pursuant to Physical Settlement as provided in Annex 2 (Credit Linked 
Conditions), Annex 3 (Bond Linked Conditions) and Annex 10 (Secured Security Conditions).  
5.10 
Payments in respect of Swedish Securities 
Payments of nominal, interest and/or any other amounts due in respect of Swedish Securities shall be made to the 
Securityholders recorded as such on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD Rules) 
before the due date for such payment, or such other business day falling closer to the relevant due date as then may 
be stipulated in said rule. Such day shall be the Record Date in respect of the relevant Swedish Securities. The 
payments will be effected through the facilities of the Swedish CSD in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
5.11 
Payments in respect of Norwegian Securities 
Payments, including payments of interest and payments of instalments of nominal in respect of Norwegian 
Securities shall be made to the Securityholders recorded as such on the: 
(a) 
fifteenth business day before the due date for interest payment in relation to Securities with maturity of 
greater than twelve months;  
(b) 
second business day before the due date for interest payments in relation to Securities with a maturity of 
less than twelve months; or 
(c) 
second business day before the due date for nominal payments, 
or such other business day falling closer to the relevant due date as then may be stipulated in the applicable 
Norwegian CSD Rules. Such business day shall be the Record Date in respect of the relevant Norwegian Securities. 
For the purpose of this General Condition 5.11, business day is as defined in the then applicable Norwegian CSD 
Rules. Such payments shall be made by transfer to the Designated Account in accordance with the Norwegian CSD 
Rules. If a holder does not have a Designated Account payment will be made by cheque as further specified in 
General Condition 5.4(b) (Payments in respect of Registered Securities). 
5.12 
Payments in respect of Finnish Securities 
Payments of nominal, interest and/or any other amounts due in respect of Finnish Securities shall be made to the 
Securityholders recorded as such on the business day immediately preceding the due date for such payment (subject 
to the applicable Finnish CSD Rules). Such day shall be the "Record Date" in respect of the relevant Finnish 
Securities. The payments will be effected by the Finnish Issuing Agent through the facilities of the Finnish CSD in 
accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. 
5.13 
Payments in respect of French Law Securities 
(a) 
Dematerialised French Securities 
Principal and interest payments made under Dematerialised French Securities will be made (in the case of 
Dematerialised French Securities in bearer form or in administered registered form) by transfer to the 
account, kept in the relevant currency, of the relevant Account Holders, for the benefit of the Holders of 
the French Law Securities and (in the case of Dematerialised French Securities in fully registered form) 
to an account held in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Holders of 
French Law Securities. All payments validly made with these Account Holders and this Bank will release 
the relevant Issuer from its payment obligations. 
(b) 
Materialised French Securities in bearer form 
Principal and interest payments made under Materialised French Securities in bearer form will be made 
(subject to the provisions below) against presentation and return, during normal working hours, of Receipts 
(in case of payment of reimbursement installments occurring on a date other than the final repayment date, 
and subject to the Receipt being presented for payment with its corresponding Securities, of the 
corresponding Materialised French Securities in bearer form or Coupons, as the case may be, at the 
designated establishment of any Paying Agent located outside the United States, by cheque payable in the

--- Page 328 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
328 
 
relevant currency drawn on a Bank or, at the option of the Holder of the Securities, by transfer to an 
account held in this currency by a Bank. 
Bank means a bank located in the main financial center for this currency (which will be Sydney if the 
currency is the Australian dollar, Auckland if the currency is the New Zealand dollar, the Center(s) CNY 
if the currency is the Renminbi) or, in the case of the euro, in a city where the banks have access to T2. 
(c) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and non-exchanged Talons  
(i) 
Unless the Materialised French Securities in bearer form stipulate that the Coupons relating 
thereto shall lapse on the redemption date of these Securities, the Materialised French Securities 
in bearer form must be returned for payment with all unmatured Coupons, failing which an 
amount equal to the nominal value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, if the payment is not 
a full payment, a proportion of the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon which will be 
equal to the proportion that the principal thus paid represents in relation to the total amount of 
principal due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any amount thus deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above, against return of the missing Coupon relating thereto, 
within 10 years of the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8 (Taxation)) relating to 
the payment of the principal of the relevant Securities (regardless of whether this Coupon would 
otherwise be prescribed by application of General Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
If the Materialised French Securities in bearer form so stipulate, the related unmatured Coupons 
(whether or not they are attached) will lapse on the due date for the redemption of these Securities 
and no payment will be made under these Coupons. 
(iii) 
On the redemption date of any Materialised French Securities in bearer form, any un-exchanged 
Talon relating to this Securities (whether or not attached) will lapse and no Coupon will be 
delivered in exchange for this Talon. 
(iv) 
On the redemption date of any Materialised French Securities in bearer form which is repayable 
in instalments, all Receipts relating to this Materialised French Securities in bearer form having 
an Instalment Date falling on or after that redemption date (whether or not they are attached) will 
lapse and no payment will be made for them. 
(v) 
If the Materialised French Securities in bearer form stipulate that the related unmatured Coupons 
must lapse on the redemption date of these Securities, and if these Securities are presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and without any related un-exchanged Talon, 
reimbursement will only be made subject to any guarantee that the relevant Issuer may require.  
(vi) 
If the redemption date for the repayment of the Materialised French Securities in bearer form is 
not a redemption date for the payment of interest, the interest accrued since the last due date for 
the payment of interest or since the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, will only 
be payable on presentation (and return, if applicable) of the Definitive Materialised French 
Securities in bearer form to the relevant Holder. Interest accrued on the Materialised French 
Securities in bearer form which only produces interest after its redemption date will be payable 
upon redemption of these Securities, against presentation of this Materialised French Securities 
in bearer form. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this General Condition 6 (other than 
pursuant to General Condition 6.10) and subject to Conditions 6.15, 6.16 and 6.17:  
(a) 
on each Instalment Date, each Instalment Security shall be partially redeemed by the relevant Issuer at the 
relevant Instalment Redemption Amount;

--- Page 329 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
329 
 
(b) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, each Security will be finally redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance with the 
provisions set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions) in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Redemption Date or, in the case of an Instalment Security falling within paragraph (a) above, its final 
Instalment Redemption Amount on the final Instalment Date, in each case subject to any provision to the 
contrary in the Additional Conditions; and 
(c) 
each Security that is a Preference Share Linked Security will be finally redeemed by the relevant Issuer at 
its Final Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the provisions set out in Annex 11 
(Preference Share Linked Conditions) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Redemption Date, subject 
to any provision to the contrary in the Additional Conditions. 
6.2 
Early Redemption Trigger Events 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether any Early Redemption Trigger Event applies to the Securities. The 
provisions detailing such Early Redemption Trigger Events are set out in Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger 
Conditions). 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of Securities to which an Early Redemption Trigger Event 
applies shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Annex 9 (Redemption 
Method Conditions). 
6.3 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Where General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Securities, 
such Securities may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and, in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:  
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Securities, the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor (if it were required to make a 
payment under the Guarantee) has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in General Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up)), or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Securities; 
and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Securities redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6.3 will be redeemed at their Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount. 
6.4 
Special Tax Redemption 
Where General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Securities, if 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment of nominal or interest in respect of 
the Securities, be prevented by French law or (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL) 
Luxembourg law from making payment to the Securityholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in General Condition 8 (Taxation), then the 
relevant Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, and the relevant Issuer shall, upon giving not more than seven days' prior notice to the Securityholders,

--- Page 330 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
330 
 
forthwith redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities at their Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, on the 
latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount then 
due and payable in respect of the Securities, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment 
Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice to Securityholders shall be the later of:  
(a) 
the latest practicable date on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due 
and payable in respect of the Securities; and 
(b) 
fourteen days after giving notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as 
aforesaid. 
6.5 
Redemption for FATCA Withholding 
(a) 
This General Condition 6.5 will apply to the Securities if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
relevant Issuer (in relation to Securities other than Swedish Securities and Norwegian Securities) may or 
(in relation to Swedish Securities and Norwegian Securities) will redeem any FATCA Affected Securities, 
at any time, in accordance with the provisions of this General Condition 6.5. 
(b) 
Upon becoming aware that a Security is a FATCA Affected Security, the relevant Issuer shall use 
reasonable endeavours to deliver a FATCA Issuer Notice, which shall specify 
(i) 
the relevant series number and ISIN in relation to Securities that have become FATCA Affected 
Securities; 
(ii) 
whether or not the Issuer will redeem any of the FATCA Affected Securities, provided that, for 
all FATCA Affected Securities that are Swedish Securities or Norwegian Securities, the Issuer 
will elect to redeem such Securities, and 
(iii) 
where the relevant Issuer elects to redeem any of the FATCA Affected Securities, 
(A) 
the FATCA Affected Securities the relevant Issuer will redeem; and 
(B) 
the date on which such FATCA Affected Securities will be redeemed by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Where the FATCA Issuer Notice specifies that the relevant Issuer will not redeem a FATCA Affected 
Security, the holder of any such FATCA Affected Security, provided that such Security continues to be a 
FATCA Affected Security, may deliver a FATCA Investor Notice requesting the early redemption of the 
FATCA Affected Security and specifying a date for redemption that must be at least ten (10) Business 
Days after the effective date of such notice. Following receipt of the FATCA Investor Notice, the relevant 
Issuer will redeem such FATCA Affected Security on the date specified for redemption in the relevant 
FATCA Investor Notice. 
(d) 
Securities redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6.5 will be redeemed at their Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. 
(e) 
A FATCA Issuer Notice in respect of Finnish Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer 
until the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by 
the Finnish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent. 
(f) 
For the purposes of this General Condition:  
Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
FATCA Affected Security means any Security in respect of which (i) the relevant Issuer or (where Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL is the relevant Issuer) the Guarantor, in relation to any future 
payments due under the Securities, will be obliged (either directly or indirectly, including without 
limitation through an agent or clearing system) to make a FATCA Withholding and (ii) such FATCA 
Withholding cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or Guarantor taking reasonable measures available 
to it.

--- Page 331 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
331 
 
FATCA Investor Notice means a notice given by the holder of any FATCA Affected Security to the 
relevant Issuer in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). A copy of such FATCA Investor Notice 
shall be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Securities, the Registrar in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this General Condition 6.5). 
FATCA Issuer Notice means a notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, and in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), to the 
Securityholders. 
FATCA Withholding means any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the Code or any withholding or deduction otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such sections 
of the Code.  
6.6 
Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales 
This General Condition 6.6 will apply to the Securities if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer shall have the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of (A) any Non-U.S. 
Securities held by or on behalf of a person who is not a Permitted Transferee at the time it purchases such Non-
U.S. Securities, (i) to redeem such Non-U.S. Securities, in whole or in part, or (ii) to require such holder to sell such 
Non-U.S. Securities to a Permitted Transferee outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S. The 
determination of which Non-U.S. Securities shall be redeemed pursuant to (i) or sold pursuant to (ii) above in any 
particular case shall be made at the sole and absolute discretion of the relevant Issuer. Any such redemption shall 
be made at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. The Registrar is not required to register any purported 
transfers of Securities which would, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer or the Registrar, cause the relevant Issuer 
to be in violation of the Securities Act, the Commodity Exchange Act or the Investment Company Act. 
6.7 
Clean-up Call Option 
Where General Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the 
Securities, such Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on 
giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and, in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), to the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Securities is equal to 10 per cent. or less than the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities on 
the Issue Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in is sole and absolute discretion. 
Securities redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6.7 will be redeemed at their Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount.  
6.8 
Redemption Amounts 
(a) 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amounts 
(i) 
Where the Securities are to be redeemed prior to the Redemption Date at their Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount pursuant the Conditions, including, without limitation, pursuant to General 
Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), General Condition 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption), 
General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding), General Condition 6.6 (Regulatory 
Redemption or Compulsory Resales), General Condition 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option), General 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) or General Condition 19 (Illegality and Force Majeure), each 
Security will be redeemed at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Securities may also be 
redeemed at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in any other circumstances set out in the 
applicable Additional Conditions (including, but without limitation, pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2.7 (Early redemption for Leveraged CLSs), Credit Linked Condition 2.8 (Redemption

--- Page 332 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
332 
 
following a Merger Event), Credit Linked Condition 2.10 (Redemption following an Additional 
Disruption Event), Bond Linked Condition 2.4 (Early redemption following a Fair Market Value 
Trigger Event), Bond Linked Condition 2.5 (Redemption following a Merger Event) and Bond 
Linked Condition 2.6 (Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event)). 
(ii) 
The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion as equal to the fair market value of the Security as at (or about) 
the date fixed for redemption, taking into account, without limitation and without double 
counting, (A) where "Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the deduction of the Hedge Amount and (B) in the case of Bond Linked Securities, 
the value of the Bond, provided that: 
(A) 
this determination shall disregard (i) the financial condition of the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor in case an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), Condition 10(c) or 
Condition 10(d), as applicable, has occurred and is continuing with respect to the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor and (ii) in the case of Secured Securities, any 
collateral which has been, or is required to be, delivered in connection with such Secured 
Securities;  
(B) 
if a Fair Market Value Redemption Amount has been determined for any reason other 
than the occurrence of an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), Condition 10(c) or 
Condition 10(d), as applicable (the Pre-Default FMVRA) and is unpaid on the date on 
which an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), Condition 10(c) or Condition 10(d), 
as applicable, occurs with respect to the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (the Post-
Default FMVRA Determination Date), then the Pre-Default FMVRA will be deemed 
to be equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount determined as of the Post-
Default FMVRA Determination Date (the Post-Default FMVRA) and the Post-Default 
FMVRA shall disregard the financial condition of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor in accordance with paragraph (A) above; 
(C) 
in the case of Bond Linked Securities: 
(I) 
which are Secured Securities; 
(II) 
where the Collateral Assets consist in whole or in part of the Bond; and 
(III) 
where the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount is being determined 
following enforcement of the security created in relation to the Secured 
Securities, 
then for the purposes of sub-paragraph (II) above, the value of the Bond shall be 
determined by reference to the value at which the Disposal Agent (or failing which, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) or an agent on its behalf), is able 
to liquidate or realise the Bond in accordance with the terms of the Secured Securities 
(after deducting any costs associated with the relevant enforcement and liquidation and 
any related fees or taxes); 
(D) 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount shall not be a negative amount; and 
(E) 
where "Custodian Default" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, in respect of Secured Securities and following a Custodian Default the value 
of the Bond (where Collateral Monitoring is not applicable) or the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount (where Collateral Monitoring is applicable) shall be subject to a 
maximum of the value of the amounts actually recovered from the Custodian (or any 
agent, sub-custodian or delegate thereof). 
(iii) 
In determining the fair market value of the Security, the Calculation Agent shall take into 
consideration all information, which it deems relevant (including, without limitation, market

--- Page 333 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
333 
 
conditions, and, in the case of early redemption pursuant to General Condition 19 (Illegality and 
Force Majeure), the impracticality, illegality or impossibility giving rise to the early redemption).  
(iv) 
The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount determined as specified above shall be determined 
taking into account any amounts in respect of accrued but unpaid interest and accordingly no 
other amount of accrued but unpaid interest will be payable where the Securities are redeemed 
by payment of the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
(v) 
In connection with any early redemption of the Securities, the Hedge Amount is the losses or 
costs (expressed as a positive number) to the relevant Issuer or any Affiliate thereof that are 
incurred under then prevailing circumstances or gains (expressed as a negative number) of the 
relevant Issuer or any Affiliate thereof that are realised under then prevailing circumstances in 
each case in unwinding any related underlying hedging arrangements entered into in respect of 
such Security (including, without limitation, any rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, 
forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, 
interest rate option, currency transaction, asset swap transaction, credit derivative transaction or 
funding transaction such as but not limited to internal funding arrangement or a repurchase 
transaction, including any market bid/offer spread and any ancillary cost in relation to such 
unwinding) or, in the case of a Series of Secured Securities for which a Collateral Substitution is 
continuing, unwinding any related repurchase or securities lending transaction in respect of such 
Securities, whether such hedging arrangement (or, as applicable, repurchase or securities lending 
transaction) is held directly by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or indirectly through an 
Affiliate, provided that: 
(A) 
the determination of the Hedge Amount shall disregard the financial condition of the 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor in case an Event of Default under Condition 10(a), 
Condition 10(c) or Condition 10(d), as applicable, has occurred and is continuing with 
respect to the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor; and 
(B) 
in the case of Leveraged CLSs, the Hedge Amount in respect of credit default swap 
hedge transactions will be determined on a leveraged notional amount reflecting the 
aggregate of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amounts of Reference Entities which 
have not been affected by Credit Events. 
(vi) 
Notwithstanding the above, in respect of any Security for which a Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount will be an amount equal to the Nominal Amount of such Security outstanding as at the 
date of calculation (as set out in Annex 9 of the Terms and Conditions as if the Early Redemption 
Amount was being calculated) or, in the case of a Zero Coupon Security, the Accreted Value, 
multiplied by the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount Percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(vii) 
Payment of such Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Essential Trigger 
(i) 
Where "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and 
notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the General Conditions and the relevant Additional 
Conditions: 
(A) 
Except in the case of a Force Majeure Event, where the Securities are to be redeemed 
prior to their Redemption Date pursuant to General Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), General Condition 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption), General Condition 6.5 
(Redemption for FATCA Withholding), General Condition 10 (Events of Default) or 
General Condition 19 (Illegality and Force Majeure), or in other circumstances 
specified in the Additional Conditions that do not constitute a Force Majeure Event,

--- Page 334 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
334 
 
each Security will be redeemed in accordance with the Conditions at an amount 
calculated as follows: 
(I) 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Fair Market Value Redemption Amount", the Securities will be redeemed on 
the Early Redemption Date at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; 
(II) 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Highest Value", the Securities will be redeemed on the Early Redemption 
Date at the greater of (1) the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount and (2) 
the minimum amount of the Final Redemption Amount; or 
(III) 
if the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Monetisation Option", the Securities will be redeemed at the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date or at the 
Monetisation Amount on the Redemption Date, according to the choice of the 
Securityholder (to be exercised at the Securityholder's absolute discretion). 
For the determination of the applicable redemption amount in accordance with one of 
the redemption bases ("Fair Market Value Redemption Amount", "Highest Value" or 
"Monetisation Amount"), no costs shall be deducted from such redemption amount and 
such redemption amount shall include the reimbursement by the relevant Issuer of any 
costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited 
to any structuring costs) paid by Securityholders to the relevant Issuer in the Issue Price 
of the Securities. 
(B) 
Where the Securities are to be redeemed prior to their Redemption Date as a result of a 
Force Majeure Event, the Securities will be redeemed on the early redemption date at 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, taking into account that, for the 
determination of the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, no costs shall be deducted 
other than costs that are unavoidable in order to be able to redeem the Securities at their 
market value. 
(ii) 
Where the "Redemption Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Monetisation 
Option", in the relevant Issuer's notice of early redemption as specified in the relevant General 
Conditions or Additional Conditions, the Issuer must include the following: 
(A) 
the cut-off date and time for each Securityholder to elect to receive the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption; 
(B) 
the date of determination for the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in respect of 
such election and the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount of the Securities on such date; and 
(C) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
If the Securityholder does not make a valid election to receive the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount on the date fixed for early redemption before the cut-off date and time set out in the 
Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Securityholder will receive the Monetisation Amount in 
respect of such Security on the Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition, the Monetisation Amount in respect of a Security is 
calculated based on the following formula, which implies a redemption at maturity of at least the 
Final Redemption Amount: 
(S+D)×(1+r)n 
where:

--- Page 335 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
335 
 
"S" is the market value of the "saving" component on the date on which the event triggering early 
redemption occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the "derivative" component on the date on which the event triggering 
early redemption occurs; 
"r" is, in relation to the relevant Issuer against whom the Securityholder assumes the greatest 
credit risk (more than 50 per cent.), the annual interest rate that such Issuer offers on the date of 
occurrence of the event triggering early redemption on a debt instrument with the same time to 
redemption as the remaining time to redemption on the Securities from the date fixed for early 
redemption until the scheduled Redemption Date of the Securities; and 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Securities, expressed as a 
number of years. 
6.9 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any of their Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Securities (provided that, 
in the case of Definitive Bearer Securities, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Securities purchased by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer may, at the option of the relevant Issuer, be so surrendered and cancelled or may be held or resold, 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Securities, which are purchased for cancellation or redeemed by the relevant Issuer, will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Securities so cancelled and any Securities purchased and cancelled pursuant to General Condition 
6.9 (Purchases) (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded 
to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.  
6.11 
Zero Coupon Securities 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Security 
pursuant to General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption), 6.3 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), 6.4 (Special Tax Redemption), General Condition 6.5 (Redemption for FATCA Withholding), 6.6 
(Regulatory Redemption or Compulsory Resales), 6.7 (Clean-up Call Option) or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) or General Condition 19 (Illegality and Force 
Majeure) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Security 
shall be the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount as though the references in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts) to the date fixed for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five (5) days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Securities has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
6.12 
Italian Listed Certificates 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: (a) Italian Listed Certificates shall be deemed to be 
automatically redeemed and to expire on the Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) and references in the General 
Conditions to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed as references to "termination" and "terminate". 
6.13 
Payoff Features 
With respect to each Security (other than a Credit Linked Security, a Bond Linked Security and a Preference Share 
Linked Security), the Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount 
will be subject to the Payoff Features (if any) specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 336 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
336 
 
6.14 
Negative Redemption Amount 
Where an Instalment Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or other relevant redemption amount is calculated or determined as, in accordance with 
this General Condition 6 and any applicable Additional Conditions, a negative amount, then such amount will be 
deemed to be zero. Securityholders will not in such circumstances be required to make any payment to the relevant 
Issuer in respect of such negative amount or rate nor will any other payments then or in the future due in respect of 
the Securities be adjusted in respect of such negative amount. 
6.15 
Limitation on early redemption, purchase and cancellation with respect to the Securities that are "titres non-
structurés" 
Any Securities that are specified in the Final Terms as "titres non-structurés" (as defined in Article R.613-28 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (referred to below simply as "titres non-structurés") may only be early 
redeemed, purchased or cancelled by the Issuer on any date pursuant to these General Conditions and any Additional 
Conditions (including without limitation pursuant to General Conditions 6.2, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 6.6, 6.7, 6.9, 6.10, 6.13, 
7.1, 10 and any event set out in Annex 1) with the prior written permission of the Regulator (as defined below) 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in General Condition 24.1), to the extent required on such 
date, and in the circumstances in which the Issuer is entitled to do so. 
For these purposes, Regulator means the European Central Bank and any successor or substitute thereof, or any 
other authority with primary responsibility for the supervision and prudential control of Crédit Agricole CIB. 
6.16 
Waiver of Set-Off with respect to Securities that are "titres non-structurés" 
No Securityholder of any "titres non-structurés" may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-off Rights (as 
defined below) in order to set-off against any right, claim or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against 
such Securityholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, 
whether or not relating to such Securities or related receipts, coupons or talons) and each such Securityholder shall 
be deemed to have waived all such Waived Set-off rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation 
to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this General 
Condition 6.16 is intended to provide, or shall be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any 
Security, receipts, coupons or talons but for this Condition.  
For these purposes, Waived Set-off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Securities, 
receipts, coupons of talons for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly 
or indirectly under or in connection with any Securities, receipts, coupons of talons. 
6.17 
No Event of Default 
If the Final Terms for any Securities specify that "Event of Default" is not applicable, then no Events of Default 
shall apply to such Securities and Securityholders will not be able to accelerate the maturity of such Securities on 
the basis of an Event of Default.  
7. 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS 
7.1 
Application of the Additional Conditions 
Where any Additional Conditions are specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Securities, the General 
Conditions shall be subject to the provisions contained in such Additional Conditions and will not apply to the 
extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Additional Conditions. In all cases, these General Conditions 
and the provisions of such Additional Conditions shall be subject to the applicable Final Terms, and will not apply 
to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Final Terms.  
(a) 
Commodity Linked Securities

--- Page 337 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
337 
 
Additional conditions relating to Commodity Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 1 (Commodity 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(b) 
Index Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Index Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(c) 
FX Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to 
(i) 
FX Linked Securities; or 
(ii) 
Securities to which the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) 
Payoff Feature applies, 
will be set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(d) 
Inflation Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Inflation Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked 
Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(e) 
Rate Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Rate Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(f) 
ETF Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to ETF Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(g) 
Share Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Share Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(h) 
Fund Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Fund Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 8 (Fund Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(i) 
Future Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Future Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(j) 
Portfolio Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Portfolio Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 10 (Portfolio Linked 
Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(k) 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities will be set out in Chapter 11 (Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
(l) 
Credit Linked Securities

--- Page 338 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
338 
 
Additional conditions relating to Credit Linked Securities will be set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked 
Conditions). 
(m) 
Bond Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Bond Linked Securities will be set out in Annex 3 (Bond Linked 
Conditions). 
(n) 
Preference Shares Linked Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Preference Share Linked Securities will be set out in Annex 11 
(Preference Share Linked Conditions). 
(o) 
Alternative Currency Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Alternative Currency Securities will be set out in Annex 4 (Alternative 
Currency Conditions). 
(p) 
Linked Interest Securities and Linked Redemption Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Linked Interest Securities and Linked Redemption Securities will be set 
out in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions) and Annex 6 (Combination Payoff Conditions), as specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(q) 
Payoff Features 
Additional conditions relating to Payoff Features will be set out in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
(r) 
Early Redemption Trigger Events 
Additional conditions relating to Early Redemption Trigger Events will be set out in Annex 8 (Early 
Redemption Trigger Conditions). 
(s) 
Early Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount and Final Redemption Amount 
Additional conditions relating to the determination of the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Redemption Amount and the Final Redemption Amount will be set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method 
Conditions). 
(t) 
Secured Securities 
Additional conditions relating to Secured Securities will be set out in Annex 10 (Secured Security 
Conditions). 
7.2 
Product Simplification 
Where any amount payable in respect of the Securities is determined by reference to a formula set out in the 
Definitions Conditions or in the applicable Additional Conditions, that formula, where set out in the Final Terms 
applicable to the Securities, may be simplified from the form of that formula set out in the Definitions Conditions 
or in the applicable Additional Conditions in circumstances where an element of the formula has a value of either 
0 or 1, or is not used or is not applicable for the purposes of the relevant Series of Securities, so that such element 
may be omitted from the relevant formula as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.3 
Partly Paid Securities  
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Partly Paid Securities" are "Applicable", this Condition 7.3 
applies, the applicable Final Terms for the Securities will specify the part payment amount(s) (Part 
Payment Amount(s)) and the part payment date(s) (Part Payment Date(s)) that apply to such Securities.

--- Page 339 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
339 
 
(b) 
Partly Paid Securities will be subscribed at the Part Payment Amount(s) and on the Part Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The obligation to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant Part 
Payment Date is only incurred by the Securityholders on such Part Payment Date; 
(c) 
Partly Paid Securities will be redeemed on the final maturity date at their nominal amount and on the 
relevant Redemption Date at their paid-up nominal amount; and in the event that any Securityholder fails 
to pay a Part Payment Amount on the relevant Part Payment Date (such date a Part Payment Default 
Date), any such Securities held by such Securityholder shall automatically be redeemed on the relevant 
Early Redemption Date, at the Settlement Amount. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3: 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of any Security, the seventh Payment Business Day following 
a Part Payment Default Date. 
Settlement Amount means, in respect of any Security, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; [Paid-up Nominal Amount – Unwinding Costs]], 
where: 
Paid-up Nominal Amount means, in respect of any Part Payment Date, the paid-up nominal 
amount of the relevant Security up to (and including) the applicable Part Payment Date. Interest 
will neither accrue nor be payable in respect of the period from and including the applicable Part 
Payment Default Date to and including the applicable Early Redemption Date. 
Unwinding Costs means the pro rata share, in respect of each Security, of the losses (expressed 
as a positive number) or the gains (expressed as a negative number) of unwinding all hedging 
arrangements (taking into account the present value of any Part Payment Amount(s) remaining 
to be paid in respect of the Security) entered into or purchased by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
in respect of the Security. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Taxation 
All payments of nominal and interest in respect of the Securities, Receipts and Coupons or under the Guarantee 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law (a Gross Up Event). 
8.2 
Gross Up 
If a Gross Up Event occurs and only if "Gross Up" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer (if 
"Issuer Gross Up" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (if 
"Guarantor Gross Up" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable) will, to the fullest extent permitted 
by French law and (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL) Luxembourg law, pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Securities, 
Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of nominal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Security, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in France or (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL) 
Luxembourg; or

--- Page 340 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
340 
 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
the mere holding of such Security, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration or any other statement, including but not limited to, a declaration of 
residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Business Day (as defined in 
General Condition 5.6 (Payment Business Day)); or 
(e) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Security, Receipt or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member 
State of the European Union. 
As used in these General Conditions: 
Tax Jurisdiction means (in the case of payments by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS) France or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or (in the case of payments by 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL) Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax. 
The Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on 
or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
In the event that the "Gross Up" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor will make payments of nominal and interest to the holders of the Securities, 
Receipts and Coupons net of withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction. 
8.3 
FATCA 
No additional amounts will be paid by any relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Paying Agent on account of any 
deduction or withholding from a payment on, or in respect of, the Securities where such deduction or withholding 
is imposed pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service in connection with Sections 1471-
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder (FATCA), any 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and France, Luxembourg or any other jurisdiction with 
respect to FATCA, or any law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any jurisdiction implementing, or 
relating to, FATCA or any intergovernmental agreement. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Securities (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of nominal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of nominal) and five (5) years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 8.2 (Gross Up)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this General Condition 9 or General Condition 5.2 (Presentation of 
Definitive Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to General 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons).

--- Page 341 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
341 
 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Unless this General Condition 10 is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms (and subject to 
General Condition 6.15, 6.16 and 6.17 in respect of titres non-structurés (as defined in General Condition 6.15)), 
if any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any nominal or interest due on the Securities or any of them on the 
due date and such default, in the case of any payment of interest or, in respect of Instalment Securities, 
nominal, continues for a period of 15 days or more after written notice thereof is received by the relevant 
Issuer from the Principal Paying Agent (and the Principal Paying Agent shall be bound to give such notice 
forthwith upon the request of any Securityholder) unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor shall have 
remedied such default before the expiry of such period and save that late delivery of any Physical 
Settlement Amount in the circumstances described in Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) in respect of ETF Linked 
Securities or Share Linked Securities, Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions) or Annex 3 (Bond Linked 
Conditions) (as the case may be) respectively shall not constitute an Event of Default hereunder; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities or the Guarantee and (except where such failure is incapable of 
remedy when no notice will be required) and if such default is capable of being remedied by the relevant 
Issuer or Guarantor, such default has not been so remedied within 60 days after written notice is received 
by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) from the Principal Paying Agent (and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be bound to give such notice forthwith upon the request of any 
Securityholder) specifying such default and requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS, if the relevant Issuer 
ceases to pay its debts generally as and when they fall due or a judgment is issued for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant Issuer or for the transfer of the whole of its business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise), or the relevant Issuer is subject to similar bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings, or the relevant Issuer makes any proposals for a conveyance, assignment or other 
arrangement concerning the whole or a substantial part of its assets for the benefit of its creditors, or a 
resolution is passed by the relevant Issuer for its winding-up or dissolution, other than in connection with 
the consolidation or amalgamation of the relevant Issuer with, or its merger with or into, or the transfer of 
all or substantially all its assets to another entity and the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or 
transferee entity is not materially weaker than that of the relevant Issuer immediately prior to such action; 
or 
(d) 
in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL, if Crédit Agricole CIB FL is declared bankrupt 
upon petition by one of its creditors or at the initiative of the court or at its request in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of Luxembourg insolvency law; if it is in a state of cessation of payments (cessation 
de paiements) and has lost its commercial creditworthiness (ébranlement de crédit); if the Luxembourg 
court opens any of the following proceedings: bankruptcy "faillite", insolvency, voluntary or judicial 
liquidation "liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire", negotiation or conclusion of an amicable agreement 
"accord amiable", general settlement with creditors, reorganisation (including judicial reorganisation 
"réorganisation judiciaire") or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally with respect to Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL; if any of the following are appointed by the Luxembourg court in respect of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL: a juge-commissaire, liquidateur, curateur or similar officer including any conciliateur 
d’entreprise, mandataire de justice or administrateur provisoire; or 
(e) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, 
then any holder of a Security may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Swedish 
Securities or Finnish Securities, on such later date on which the relevant Securities have been transferred to the 
account designated by the Swedish Issuing Agent or the Finnish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by 
said Agent), declare any Securities held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind.

--- Page 342 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
342 
 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities, Receipts and Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the relevant Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
12.1 
General provisions 
(a) 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
(b) 
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent, a Registrar and a Transfer Agent; 
(ii) 
so long as the Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities and 
French Law Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Securities) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority); 
(iii) 
where the Conditions so require, there will be a Delivery Agent; 
(iv) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Securities payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent 
with a specified office in New York City; 
(v) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within continental Europe; 
(vi) 
so long as there are any Swedish Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Swedish CSD, 
duly authorised as a central securities depository (in Swedish: central värdepappersförvarare) 
under the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments (Accounts) Act 
(1998:1479 (as amended)), and an issuing agent (in Swedish: emissionsinstitut) duly authorised 
as such under the Swedish CSD Rules, appointed by the relevant Issuer for the relevant Swedish 
Securities; 
(vii) 
as long as there are any Norwegian Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Norwegian 
CSD, duly authorised or recognised as a central security depository (in Norwegian: 
verdipapirsentral) in accordance with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act (in 
Norwegian: verdipairsentralloven av 15. mars 2019 nr. 6) and (if applicable) an issuing agent (in 
Norwegian: kontofører utsteder) duly authorised as such under the Norwegian CSD Rules, 
appointed by the relevant Issuer for the relevant Norwegian Securities; and 
(viii) 
as long as there are any Finnish Securities outstanding, there will at all times be a Finnish CSD, 
duly authorised as a central securities depository under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System 
and Clearing Operations and an issuing agent duly authorised as such under the Finnish CSD 
Rules appointed by the relevant Issuer for the relevant Finnish Securities. 
(c) 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in General Condition 5.5 (General provisions applicable to 
payments). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case

--- Page 343 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
343 
 
of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Securityholders, 
Receiptholders, Couponholders or Certificateholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
(e) 
In addition, the Delivery Agent may (with the prior written consent of the relevant Issuer) delegate certain 
of its functions and duties as delivery agent to a delegee in relation to Credit Linked Securities, Bond 
Linked Securities, ETF Linked Securities subject to physical delivery or Share Linked Securities subject 
to physical delivery. 
12.2 
Calculation Agent 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Securities are outstanding. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Securities, references in the Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under 
the Conditions. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails to perform 
any functions or duty imposed on it by the Conditions or the Calculation Agency Agreement, it shall 
forthwith notify the relevant Issuer and the relevant Agent and such Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent (acting through any office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this General Condition 12.2 shall prevent the relevant Issuer from 
appointing its Affiliate to act as a Calculation Agent in relation to any Series of the Securities. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the Rate of Interest or 
the Linked Interest Rate for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, the relevant Issuer shall do 
so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed 
to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the relevant Issuer shall apply the provisions of 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and General Condition 5 (Payments), with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such 
manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
(e) 
The relevant Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the relevant Calculation Agency Agreement, provided that there will at all times 
be a Calculation Agent, if so required by the Conditions. Notice of any termination of appointment of the 
Calculation Agent will be given to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(f) 
In relation to each Series of Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be the relevant Issuer, its Affiliate 
or another entity) acts solely as agent of the relevant Issuer and does not assume any obligation or duty to, 
or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Securityholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders. 
(g) 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the relevant Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and 
functions to a third party as it deems appropriate and any determination or calculation by any such delegate 
shall be deemed to be a determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 344 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
344 
 
12.3 
Determinations 
(a) 
Unless stated otherwise in the Conditions, all determinations and calculations under the Conditions will 
be made by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Any determination, judgment or adjustment made by the relevant Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) and to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, be final, conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the relevant Agents 
and the Securityholders, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Conditions. 
(c) 
In particular, all certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of General Condition 4 
(Interest) and General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), whether by the relevant Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer, shall (in the absence of manifest error), and to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Securityholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Securityholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal 
Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
In making any determination, judgment or adjustment pursuant to the Conditions, the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular 
to individual Securityholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not 
have regard to the consequences of any such determination for individual Securityholders (whatever their 
number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, 
or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the 
Calculation Agent shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from 
the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect 
of any tax consequences of any such determination upon individual Securityholders. 
(e) 
Unless stated otherwise in the Conditions and subject as provided below, the relevant Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent is entitled to act in its sole and absolute discretion, but it shall act in good faith. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgement in any 
way as a result of a Benchmark Trigger Event under these Conditions (and notwithstanding any statement 
to the contrary in the Asset Conditions), it will do so (i) in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner 
and by reference to any Relevant Market Data and (ii) in a way that does not (A) result in it being, or will 
not be, unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation to determine the Relevant Benchmark 
in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it will be unlawful were a determination to be made at such 
time), (B) contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Relevant Benchmark in 
accordance with any applicable fallback (or it will not contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time) or (C) subject the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their Affiliates to material additional regulatory obligations. 
(f) 
If "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these General Conditions or the relevant Additional Conditions, the relevant 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Securities 
in accordance with these General Conditions or the relevant Additional Conditions, including, as the case 
may be, the substitution of the Underlying (other than modifications or adjustments that do not relate to 
essential characteristics of the Securities) or redeem the Securities prior to their Redemption Date in 
accordance with these General Conditions or the relevant Additional Conditions, following an event or 
circumstance (or combination of events or circumstances) that (i) is not attributable to the relevant Issuer 
and significantly alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date or 
(ii) constitutes a Force Majeure Event. Any such modification or adjustment of the General Conditions 
may not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties to the detriment 
of the Securityholders.

--- Page 345 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
345 
 
The Securityholders may not be charged any costs for the modification or adjustment of the General 
Conditions or for the early redemption of the Securities before their Redemption Date. 
For the purpose of this General Condition, "essential characteristics" of the Securities means 
characteristics of the Securities that are considered essential to the Securityholders, including without 
limitation the yield (coupon structure), the underlying value, whether or not the investment is reimbursed 
in whole or in part on the relevant redemption date, the identity of the issuer and/or of the guarantor and 
the scheduled redemption date. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet 
does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Security 
to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of General Condition 8 (Taxation). 
14. 
NOTICES 
14.1 
Securities other than Linked Interest Securities or Linked Redemption Securities or French Law Securities 
(a) 
All notices regarding Bearer Securities will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London or in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
(in the case of Securities denominated in CNY) and (ii) if and for so long as the Bearer Securities are 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). It is expected that any such publication 
in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt 
in Luxembourg. The relevant Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules and regulations of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which 
the Bearer Securities are for the time being listed. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
(b) 
All notices regarding Registered Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or 
(if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Securities are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of that stock exchange (or other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange 
(or other relevant authority). 
(c) 
All notices regarding Swedish Securities will be deemed to be validly given is sent in accordance with the 
Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the publication 
through the facilities of the Swedish CSD. 
(d) 
All notices regarding Finnish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent to the address of the 
Securityholder specified in the Register of the Finnish CSD. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the seventh day after mailing. The relevant Issuer or the Finnish Issuing Agent shall be 
responsible for the communication of notices and shall be entitled to obtain the relevant information on 
the Securityholders from the Register in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules. 
(e) 
Until such time as any Definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global Securities 
representing the Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or the CMU, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the 
relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU for 
communication by them to the holders of the Securities and, in addition, for so long as any Securities are 
listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require,

--- Page 346 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
346 
 
such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the holders of the Securities on the first DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or CMU business day after the day on which the said notice was given to DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU. 
(f) 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities other than CMU Securities), the Hong Kong Paying Agent 
(in the case of CMU Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities). Whilst any of the 
Securities are represented by a Global Security, such notice may be given by any holder of a Security to 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and DTC 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
(g) 
At the current date, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg have stated that they will only accept as 
valid notices in electronic form such as SWIFT transmissions. 
14.2 
Linked Interest Securities or Linked Redemption Securities 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of General Condition 14.1 (Securities other than Linked Interest Securities 
or Linked Redemption Securities), so long as the Securities, being Linked Interest Securities or Linked 
Redemption Securities, are represented by a Global Security held in its entirety on behalf of DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU, all notices to the Securityholders may be 
given by delivery of such notices to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the 
CMU for communication by them to the holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the day on which such notice was given to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or the CMU. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding as aforesaid, for so long as any such Securities are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market, all notices regarding such Securities shall be deemed to be validly 
given if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s website (www.luxse.com). It is expected that such publication will be made in the 
Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication in the required newspaper. 
(c) 
Subject to the requirement of the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, until such time as any 
Definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global Securities representing the Securities are 
held in their entirety on behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU, 
be substituted for such publication in such newspaper the delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU for communication by them to the holders of 
the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the first DTC and/or Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or CMU business day after the day on which such notice was given 
to DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU. 
(d) 
If the Global Security is exchanged for Definitive Securities, as a condition to such exchange, the relevant 
Securityholder will be required to give to the relevant Issuer an address to which notices concerning the 
Security may be validly given. Upon any transfer of the Definitive Securities, the new holder of the 
Definitive Securities must provide to the relevant Issuer at its specified office an address to which notices 
concerning the Definitive Security may be validly given. Until the relevant Issuer is informed of any new 
address as aforesaid it shall be entitled to deliver notices concerning the Definitive Security to the last 
address notified to it as aforesaid, and any notice so given shall be deemed validly given notwithstanding 
that the Definitive Security may have been transferred. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the day when delivered or, if delivered after 5.00 p.m. on a business day or on a day other than a 
business day, on the next following business day in the place of delivery.

--- Page 347 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
347 
 
14.3 
French Law Securities 
(a) 
Notices sent to Holders of Dematerialised French Securities in registered form will be valid either, (i) if 
they are sent to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on fourth Business Day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) after sending, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, 
if they are published in one of the main daily newspapers with wide circulation in Europe. It is specified 
that as long as these Securities are admitted to trading on any regulated market(s), notices will be valid if 
they are published in a broad daily distribution in the city or cities where the Regulated Market(s) on which 
these Securities are admitted to trading are located, which will in principle be the Luxemburger Wort in 
the case of the Bourse de Luxembourg, or (iii) for as long as the Securities are admitted to trading on the 
Market Regulated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, if they are published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Luxembourg (www.luxse.com). 
(b) 
Notices sent to Holders of Materialised French Securities in bearer form and Dematerialised French 
Securities in bearer form will be valid if they are published (i) in one of the main daily newspapers of wide 
circulation in Europe, and, as long as these Securities are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, in 
one of the main daily newspapers with wide circulation in the city or cities where the Regulated Market(s) 
on which these Securities are admitted to trading are located, which will in principle be the Luxemburger 
Wort in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, or (ii) for as long that the Securities will be admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg, if they are published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(c) 
If such publication is impracticable, the notice will be deemed validly given if it is published in another 
recognized English-language daily newspaper which is widely distributed in Europe. In this case, this 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of this publication, or in the event that the notice is 
published several times or on different dates, on the date of the first publication. Couponholders will be 
deemed for all purposes to have been informed of the content any notice for Holders of Materialised 
Securities in bearer form in accordance with this condition. 
(d) 
Notices to be sent to Holders of Dematerialised French Securities (whether in registered form or bearer 
form) may be delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing 
system with which Securities are then cleared in lieu of the mailing and publication provided for in General 
Condition 14.3(a), (b) and (c) above; as an exception to the above, as long that these Securities will be 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and that the rules of this Regulated Market so require, 
notices must also be published in a daily wide distribution in the city or cities where the Regulated 
Market(s) on which these Securities are admitted to the trading are located, which will in principle be the 
Luxemburger Wort in the case of the Bourse de Luxembourg (or, for as long as the Securities are admitted 
to trading on the Regulated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, notices must also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convening and decisions of General Meetings provided for in the General Condition 
15.2 (Specific provisions applicable to French Law Securities) and by virtue of articles R.228-79 and 
R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce, will only be issued to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Securities are then cleared. For the avoidance 
of doubt, General Condition 14.3(a), (b), (c) and (d) above do not apply to these notices. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF SECURITYHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
15.1 
Securities other than French Law Securities 
(a) 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Securityholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in 
the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or 
Securityholders and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if required in writing by Securityholders 
holding not less than ten (10) per cent. in nominal amount of the Securities for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more

--- Page 348 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
348 
 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Securities for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Securityholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Securities so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Securities, the Receipts or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of redemption of the Securities or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of nominal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Securities or altering the currency of payment of the Securities, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Securities for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution (i) passed at any meeting of the Securityholders or (ii) as a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all the Securityholders or, where the Securities are held by or on behalf 
of a clearing system or clearing systems, approval of a resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communication systems of the relevant clearing system(s), shall be 
binding on all the Securityholders, whether or not (in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting) they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
(b) 
In respect of Italian Listed Securities, for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any 
meeting of Certificateholders and (ii) the determination of how many Italian Listed Securities are 
outstanding for the purposes of this General Condition 15 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Securityholders) of the Agency Agreement, those Italian Listed Securities which are beneficially held by, 
or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries and not cancelled 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding provided, for the avoidance 
of doubt, that this shall not prejudice any rights of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (through their 
respective representatives) and their respective legal and financial advisers in such Schedule 5 to attend 
and speak at any such meeting. 
(c) 
The relevant Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, Receiptholders, Couponholders or 
Certificateholders (and without considering the individual circumstances of any such Securityholders, 
Receiptholders, Couponholders, Certificateholders or the tax or other consequences of such adjustment in 
any particular jurisdiction) implement any modification to Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, the Italian Securities or the Agency Agreement which is: 
(i) 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; and/or 
(ii) 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or omission, 
to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein or to 
comply with (i) mandatory provisions of law or regulation, (ii) any rules or requirements of any 
regulatory authority supervising the Issuer or (iii) any requirement of any stock exchange on 
which the Securities may be listed. 
(d) 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15.2 
Specific provisions applicable to French Law Securities 
(a) 
In this Condition 15.2: 
General Meeting refers to a general meeting of Holders of all Tranches of a single Series and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
French Law Securities and Holders refer only to the French Law Securities of the Series in respect of 
which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the French Law Securities of the Series in 
respect of which a Written Resolution has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those French Law 
Securities (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer), respectively;  
Electronic Consent has the meaning set out in General Condition 15.2(c)(vii)(A) below;

--- Page 349 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
349 
 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf of the Holders of 
not less than 66.6 per cent. in nominal amount of the French Law Securities outstanding (as defined below). 
References to a Written Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved 
by Electronic Consent (as defined below); and 
Written Resolution Date has the meaning set out in General Condition 15.2(c)(vii)(B) below. 
(b) 
The applicable Final Terms will specify "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse", "Full Masse" 
or "Contractual Masse": 
Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse may be specified in respect of any Tranche of French 
Law Securities which: (i) have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or (ii) are traded in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual 
Representation of Holders/No Masse", sub-paragraph (c) below shall apply. 
Full Masse will be specified in relation to any Tranche of French Law Securities which are issued inside 
of France, and (A) have a Specified Denomination of less EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as of the Issue Date), or (B) are traded in amounts of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). "Full Masse" may also be specified in respect of any Tranche 
of French Law Securities which: (i) have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) are traded in amounts of at least EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (iii) are issued outside France. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse", sub-paragraph (d) below shall apply.  
Contractual Masse may be specified in relation to any Tranche of French Law Securities which: (i) have 
a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the 
Issue Date), or (ii) are traded in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency 
as of the Issue Date), or (iii) are issued outside France. If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual 
Masse", paragraph (e) below shall apply. 
(c) 
Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse", the following 
meeting and voting provisions shall apply as follows. 
(i) 
General 
(A) 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Holders 
shall not be grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part 
through a representative of the Holders (représentant de la masse) and in part through 
general meetings; 
(B) 
The following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: Articles L.228-
46-1, L.228-57, L.228-58, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-1, L.228-61 (with the 
exception of the first paragraph thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception of (i) sub-
paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, 
L.228-68, L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-65, R.228-66, R.228-67, R.228-68, R.228-70, 
R.228-71, R.228-72, R.228-73, R.228-74 and R.228-75. Whenever the words "de la 
masse", "d'une même masse", "par les représentants de la masse", "d'une masse", "et au 
représentant de la masse", "de la masse intéressée", "dont la masse est convoquée en 
assemblée" or "par un représentant de la masse", appear in those provisions, they shall 
be deemed to be deleted, and subject to the following provisions of this General 
Condition 15.2(c). 
(ii) 
Resolution

--- Page 350 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
350 
 
(A) 
Subject to General Condition 15.2(c)(i), a resolution (the Resolution) may be passed (I) 
at a General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described in 
General Condition 15.2(c)(vi) below or (II) by a Written Resolution. 
(B) 
A Resolution may be passed with respect to any matter that relates to the common rights 
(intérêts communs) of the Holders. 
(C) 
A Resolution may be passed on any proposal relating to the modification of the General 
Conditions including any proposal, (I) whether for a compromise or settlement, 
regarding rights which are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial 
decision has been rendered, and (II) relating to a total or partial waiver of the guarantees 
granted to the holders, the deferral of any interest payment and the modification of the 
amortization or interest rate provisions. 
(D) 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither a General Meeting nor a Written Resolution has 
power, and consequently a Resolution may not be passed to decide on any proposal 
relating to: 
(I) 
the modification of the objects or form of the Issuer; 
(II) 
the issue of notes benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which 
will not benefit to the Holders; 
(III) 
the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers 
of assets (apports partiels d'actifs) under the demerger regime of or by the 
Issuer; 
(IV) 
the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea 
– SE) to a different Member State of the European Union. 
(E) 
However, each Holder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article 
L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and prerogatives 
of individual creditors in the circumstances described under General Condition 
15.2(c)(ii)(D)(II) and 15.2(c)(ii)(D)(IV) above, including any right to object (former 
opposition). 
(F) 
Each Holder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of its 
own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General 
Meeting. 
(G) 
The Holders may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all Holders 
in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Holder will ask the court to appoint a representative of 
the Holders who will file the proof of Holders' claim. 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
(A) 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Holders, holding together at least one-thirtieth of the principal amount of the Securities 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General 
Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two months after such 
demand, the Holders may commission one of their members to petition a competent 
court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.

--- Page 351 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
351 
 
(B) 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under General Condition 14 (Notices), not less than fifteen days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on first convocation and, five days on second convocation. 
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
(A) 
Each Holder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of participating Holders. 
(B) 
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(C) 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Holder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant account holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may 
be) of the name of such Holder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second Business Day 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
(D) 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Holders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be chairman (the 
Chairman) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Holders fail to designate 
a Chairman, the Holder holding or representing the highest number of French Law Securities and 
present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a 
Chairman. The Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not be a Holder. The Chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting from 
which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Holders present or 
represented hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the French Law Securities then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be 
taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Holders attending (including by videoconference or 
by any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating 
Securityholders) such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
(A) 
The Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of 
a resolution from the Holders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Holders. 
Approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic 
communication (the Electronic Consent). 
(B) 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 14 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the 
Written Resolution Date). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will 
contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Holders who 
wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Holders 
expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their French Law Securities until after the Written Resolution Date.

--- Page 352 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
352 
 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting or a Written Resolution (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Holders, whether or not present or represented at the General 
Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Resolution (including by Electronic 
Consent), they have participated in such Written Resolution (including by Electronic Consent) 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the Resolution accordingly. 
(d) 
Full Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Holders will be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests constituting a separate legal body called masse (the Masse), the Masse 
will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq of the French Code de commerce, as 
completed by, and subject to the provisions below. 
(i) 
Legal personality 
(A) 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of 
the Masse (the Representative) and in part through collective decisions of Holders (a 
Collective Decisions).  
(B) 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Holders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with 
respect to the French Law Securities. 
(ii) 
Representative 
(A) 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the 
first tranche of any Series of French Law Securities will be the representative of the 
single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
(B) 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, 
dissolution, death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting of the Holders.  
(D) 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the 
Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
(A) 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
(B) 
All legal proceedings against the Holders, or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
(A) 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or 
by consent following a written consultation (the Written Resolution).

--- Page 353 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
353 
 
(B) 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Holder of Dematerialised French Securities to participate in Collective Decisions will 
be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account holder, or the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Holder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second Business Day preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
Collective Decision. 
(C) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to 
the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) days on second 
convocation. 
Each Holder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de 
commerce by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Holders. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Holders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the French Law 
Securities then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The 
decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes 
held by the Holders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(D) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Holders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Holders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of 
the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by 
way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 14 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the Written Resolution Date. Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied 
with by the Holders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Resolution. Holders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written 
Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until after 
the Written Resolution Date. 
(e) 
Contractual Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the following meeting and voting provisions 
shall apply as follows. 
The Holders will be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a separate legal 
body called the masse (the Masse). The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce, and with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L. 228-59, L.228-65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° 
and 6° of I, L. 236-13, L. 236-18, L.228-71, R.228-63, R.228-67 and R.228-69, and further subject to the 
following provisions.

--- Page 354 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
354 
 
(i) 
Legal personality   
(A) 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of 
the Masse (the Representative) and in part through collective decisions of Holders (a 
Collective Decisions).  
(B) 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Holders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with 
respect to the French Law Securities. 
(ii) 
Representative  
(A) 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the 
first tranche of any Series of French Law Securities will be the representative of the 
single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
(B) 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
In the event of impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, 
dissolution, death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of the 
impediment, incapacity (for any reason whatsoever), liquidation, dissolution, death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further 
alternate will be elected by the General Meeting of the Holders. 
(D) 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the 
Issuer and the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
(A) 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
(B) 
All legal proceedings against the Holders, or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
(A) 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or 
by consent following a written consultation (the Written Resolution). 
(B) 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce the right of each 
Holder of Dematerialised French Securities to participate in Collective Decisions will 
be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant account holder, or the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Holder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second Business Day preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
Collective Decision. 
(C) 
General Meetings 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to 
the date of such General Meeting on first convocation, and five (5) days on second 
convocation.

--- Page 355 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
355 
 
Each Holder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code de 
commerce by videoconference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Holders. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Holders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the French Law 
Securities then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The 
decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes 
held by the Holders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(D) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent  
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Holders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Holders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of 
the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by 
way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 14 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the Written Resolution Date. Notices seeking the approval of a 
Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied 
with by the Holders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed 
Written Resolution. Holders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written 
Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Securities until after 
the Written Resolution Date. 
(E) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the French 
Law Securities: 
- Article L.228-65 I. 1° requiring prior approval by Collective Decision for proposed 
changes to the form or corporate objects of the Issuer; 
- Articles L.228-65 I. 3°, L.236-13 and L.236-18 requiring prior approval by Collective 
Decision for any proposed merger or spin-off; 
- Article L.228-65 I. 4° requiring prior approval by Collective Decision for issuance of 
notes guaranteed by security (sûreté réelle); and 
- Article L.228-65 I. 6° requiring prior approval by Collective Decision of any proposal 
to transfer the registered office of a societas europaea to another member State of the 
European Union). 
(f) 
Information to Holders 
Each Holder will have the right, during (A) the 15-day period preceding the holding of the relevant General 
Meeting on first convocation or (B) the 5-day period preceding the holding of the relevant General Meeting 
on second convocation, or, (C) in the case of a Written Resolution, a period of not less than five days 
preceding the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in connection with such 
resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Holders at the registered office of

--- Page 356 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
356 
 
the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents during usual business hours and at any other 
place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolution once approved will be published in accordance 
with the provisions of General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(g) 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse and expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, 
and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing 
through Written Resolution by the Holders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the French Law Securities. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Article L. 228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce shall apply. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Holders of French 
Law Securities of the same Series, and the holders of French Law Securities of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the French Law Securities of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
General Condition 16 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(i) 
Sole Holder 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so long as the 
French Law Securities of a given Series are held by a single Holder, the relevant Holder will exercise 
directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General Meetings of Holders under the General 
Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the French Law 
Securities of a given Series are held by a single Holder, such Representative shall be devoid of powers. A 
Representative shall only be appointed if the French Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one 
Holder. 
(j) 
Terms and Conditions 
In the case of French Law Securities which (A) have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date); or (B) can only be traded in amounts of at 
least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issuer may modify 
the terms and conditions of the French Law Securities without the consent of the Holders to correct a 
manifest error. 
(k) 
Waiver and Acknowledgement 
To the extent that article L.228-65 of the French Code de commerce is applicable to the French Law 
Securities, Holders hereby acknowledge that they consent in advance to the issue by the Issuer of any debt 
instruments benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which will not also benefit to the Holders.  
15.3 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
Where a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in respect of (a) a Relevant Rate Benchmark which is used in whole or 
in part to calculate interest under General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) except where General 
Condition 4.2(b)(ii) applies, or (b) an Additional Relevant Rate Benchmark, the Calculation Agent shall elect to 
take one of the actions described in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3 (regardless of whether the Rate Linked Asset 
Conditions are specified as applying in the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 357 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
357 
 
Any such action shall be binding on all Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and shall be 
notified by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further securities having terms and conditions the same as 
the Securities or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
so that the same shall be consolidated (assimilables in the case of French Law Securities) and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Securities. 
17. 
SUBSTITUTION OR ADDITION OF AN ISSUER 
17.1 
Conditions Precedent to Substitution 
The relevant Issuer (such term including, for the purposes of this General Condition 17 only, any company 
previously substituted pursuant to this General Condition 17.1) may, without the consent of the Securityholders, be 
replaced and substituted by another company designated by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Securities issued 
by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) the Guarantor as principal debtor (the Substituted Debtor) 
in respect of the Securities provided that: 
(a) 
(i) (except with respect to French Law Securities) a deed poll in or substantially in the form scheduled to 
the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor pursuant to which the Substituted 
Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Securityholder (such term including, for the purposes of this 
General Condition only, Couponholders and Receiptholders) to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities and the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Deed of Covenant as fully 
as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Securities and the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Deed of Covenant as the principal debtor in respect of the Securities in place of the relevant Issuer, (ii), 
save in circumstances where the Substituted Debtor is Crédit Agricole CIB, a guarantee in or substantially 
in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the Issuer (in the case of Securities 
issued by Crédit Agricole CIB) or the Guarantor (in the case of Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) pursuant to which the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall 
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favour of each Securityholder the payment of all sums 
payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal debtor and (iii) such other documents (if any) (together 
with the deed poll and the guarantee above, the Documents) shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor, 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution; 
(b) 
without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (a) above or paragraph (c) below, where the Substituted 
Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other than the relevant 
Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation (originally France in the case of Securities issued respectively by 
Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Luxembourg in the case of Securities issued by Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL), the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and/or such other 
provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Securityholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of General Condition 8 (Taxation) with the substitution for the references 
to the relevant Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation of references to the territory or territories in which the 
Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes so that the 
Securityholders are placed in no weaker a position by reason of the substitution than they would have been 
had such substitution not taken place; 
(c) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) (i) that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case 
may be) have obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and for the giving by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of a guarantee in respect 
of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and for 
the performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of 
its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect

--- Page 358 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
358 
 
and (ii) that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) under the Documents are all legal, valid and binding in accordance with their respective 
terms; 
(d) 
each stock exchange or market on which the Securities are listed or admitted to trading shall have 
confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the Securities will continue 
to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(e) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered, or procured the delivery, to the Principal Paying Agent of a 
legal opinion from a leading firm of lawyers acting for the Substituted Debtor to the effect that the 
Documents will upon execution constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, 
such opinion to be dated not more than seven (7) days prior to the date of the substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
(f) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall have delivered, or procured the delivery, to the 
Principal Paying Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of lawyers acting for the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) to the effect that the Documents (including, if applicable, the guarantee 
given by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in respect of the Substituted Debtor) will upon 
execution constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be), such opinion to be dated not more than seven (7) days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
(g) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall have delivered, or procured the delivery, to the 
Principal Paying Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of English lawyers and/or French lawyers 
(as applicable) to the effect that the Documents (including, if applicable, the guarantee given by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as the case may be) in respect of the Substituted Debtor) will upon execution constitute 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto under English law or French law (as applicable), 
such opinion to be dated not more than seven (7) days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
(h) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have appointed the process agent appointed by the relevant Issuer in General 
Condition 23.3 (Appointment of Process Agent) or another person, in respect of English Law Securities, 
with an office in England as its agent in England, or, in respect of French Law Securities, with an office 
in France as its agent in France, or, in respect of Irish Law Securities, with an office in Ireland as its agent 
in Ireland, to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Securities; 
(i) 
in the case of Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities, the Swedish CSD or the Finnish CSD has given its 
consent to the substitution (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); and 
(j) 
where "Essential Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following conditions 
shall apply: 
(i) 
the Substituted Debtor shall be an affiliate of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be); 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a representation by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer that there 
are no payment arrears or there are no indications of imminent payment arrears or of payment 
problems or repayment problems for the principal and interest on the Securities; 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain an undertaking by the Substituted Debtor that it will indemnify the 
Securityholders against the adverse financial impact of the tax and regulatory regime to which it 
is subject; 
(iv) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have at least the same long-term rating as that of Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) at the time of the substitution; and

--- Page 359 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
359 
 
(v) 
the Securityholders are not charged any costs relating to the substitution. 
17.2 
Assumption by Substituted Debtor 
Upon execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 17.1(a), and subject to the other requirements 
therein having been met, (a) the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Securities as the principal 
debtor in place of the relevant Issuer, (b) the Securities, the applicable Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement 
shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution including (where the context allows) 
substituting references to the relevant Issuer's jurisdiction of incorporation (originally France in the case of 
Securities issued respectively by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS and Luxembourg in the case of 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FL) with references to the Substituted Debtor's jurisdiction of 
incorporation and (c) the relevant Issuer shall be released as issuer from (i) in the case of Securities issued by Crédit 
Agricole CIB, all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Securities or (ii) in the case of Securities 
issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, all of its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
17.3 
Deposit of Documents 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent for so long as any Security remains 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor, the relevant Issuer or (in the case of 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL) the Guarantor by any Securityholder in 
relation to the Securities or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The 
Substituted Debtor and the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) shall acknowledge in the 
Documents the right of every Securityholder to production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the 
Securities or the Documents. In the case of Securities listed on a stock exchange, the appropriate documentation 
will be filed with the relevant stock exchange. 
17.4 
Notice of Substitution 
Not more than 15 days after execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall give notice thereof to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, non-delivery of 
such notice shall not invalidate the substitution. 
17.5 
Tax consequences 
In connection with such right of change or substitution an Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to the 
consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Securityholders resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory, and 
no Securityholder shall be entitled to claim from the relevant Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequence of any such change or substitution upon such Securityholder. 
17.6 
Optional Substitution of the Guarantor 
(a) 
If Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL pursuant to this Programme are 
guaranteed by Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole S.A. may be substituted for Crédit Agricole CIB in 
its capacity as Guarantor for one or more categories of Securities and the related Receipts, Coupons and 
Talons, upon a joint decision by Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole CIB, without the consent of 
Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. As indicated in the 2022 Universal Registration 
Document, paragraph 1.4 "INTERNAL RELATIONS AT CRÉDIT AGRICOLE - Internal financial 
mechanisms" of Chapter 6 "Consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2022" on pages 252 to 253, 
Crédit Agricole S.A. is the parent company of Crédit Agricole CIB and the central body of the Crédit 
Agricole Network with which Crédit Agricole CIB is affiliated. If Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole 
CIB decide to substitute Crédit Agricole S.A. for Crédit Agricole CIB in its capacity as guarantor for one 
or more categories of Securities (hereafter, in such capacity, the Substituted Guarantor), Crédit Agricole 
CIB must notify the holders of such Securities in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 14 
(Notices) at least thirty (30) days and not more than sixty (60) days in advance and, immediately after the 
expiration of such notification, the Substituted Guarantor will become the Guarantor for the Securities, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons in place of Crédit Agricole CIB, and the Securityholders, Receiptholders

--- Page 360 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
360 
 
and Couponholders will immediately cease to hold any rights or claims on Crédit Agricole CIB. However, 
no such substitution will take place: 
(i) 
if Crédit Agricole S.A. does not have at least the same long-term rating as that of Crédit Agricole 
CIB at the time of the substitution; 
(ii) 
if there are payment arrears or there are indications of imminent payment arrears or of payment 
problems or repayment problems for the principal and interest; 
(iii) 
unless Crédit Agricole S.A. undertakes (A) to hold Securityholders harmless from 
disadvantageous financial consequences of a difference in the tax and regulatory regime to which 
Crédit Agricole S.A. is or may be subject and (B) not to pass on to Securityholders the costs 
associated with the substitution; 
(iv) 
if, on the date of such substitution, it results in payments that should be made pursuant to the 
Securities being subject to a withholding tax or a deduction that should not have been imposed in 
the absence of such substitution; 
(v) 
before Crédit Agricole S.A. grants an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee, substantially in 
the form of the Guarantee, with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB's obligations; and 
(vi) 
in any event, before Crédit Agricole S.A. concludes any amendments and/or other agreements 
that may be necessary in order for Crédit Agricole S.A. to be bound by valid and legally binding 
obligations identical to the valid and legally binding obligations that bound Crédit Agricole CIB 
pursuant to contractual documents relating to the Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons (other 
than the Guarantee). 
(b) 
In the event of a substitution taking place in accordance with this General Condition 17.6, a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus will be published by the Issuer relating to the conditions of the guarantee granted 
by Crédit Agricole S.A. and the description of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
(c) 
In the event of a substitution taking place under these conditions and at the effective date of the 
substitution: 
(i) 
any reference to Crédit Agricole CIB as Guarantor, for the purposes of conditions applicable to 
Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and related contractual documents, will be deemed to 
be a reference to Crédit Agricole S.A.; and 
(ii) 
any reference to the Guarantee, for the purposes of conditions applicable to Securities, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons and related contractual documents, will be deemed to be a reference to the 
guarantee granted by Crédit Agricole S.A. for the Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17.6, it is expressly agreed that by subscribing to, acquiring or 
purchasing the Securities by any means, Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders are deemed 
to have expressly agreed to Crédit Agricole S.A.'s substitution for Crédit Agricole CIB and to Crédit 
Agricole CIB's release from any of its obligations with respect to the Securities and any related agreements, 
and are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and its consequences. 
17.7 
Addition of an Issuer 
A new Issuer (a New Issuer) may, without the consent of existing Securityholders, issue a Securities (other than 
French Law Securities) in accordance with these Terms and Conditions pursuant to the Programme provided that: 
(a) 
(i) a deed poll in or substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the 
New Issuer pursuant to which the New Issuer shall undertake in favour of each holder where it is the Issuer 
of Securities (such term including, for the purposes of this General Condition only, Couponholders and 
Receiptholders) to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Deed of Covenant as fully as if the New Issuer had been named in

--- Page 361 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
361 
 
the Securities and the Agency Agreement and the applicable Deed of Covenant as the principal debtor in 
respect of the Securities in place of the relevant Issuer, (ii) a deed of guarantee in or substantially in the 
form scheduled to the Agency Agreement shall be executed by the Guarantor pursuant to which the 
Guarantor shall irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee in favour of each Securityholder the payment 
of all sums payable by the New Issuer as such principal debtor and (iii) such other documents (if any) 
(together with the deed poll and the deed of guarantee above, the Documents) shall be executed by the 
New Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as may be necessary to give full effect to the addition; 
and 
(b) 
each stock exchange or market on which the issues under the Programme are to be listed or admitted to 
trading shall have confirmed that following the proposed addition of the New Issuer, Securities to be issued 
by the New Issuer under the Programme will continue to be eligible for admission to trading on the 
regulated market of such exchange and to be eligible for listing on such exchange or market. 
18. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 
EACH SECURITYHOLDER (BEING IN THE CASE OF SECURITIES HELD BY A NOMINEE OR HELD IN 
A CLEARING SYSTEM, THE BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE SECURITIES), BY SUBSCRIBING FOR OR 
PURCHASING THE SECURITIES OR AN INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES, CONFIRMS THAT ALL OF 
THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THAT SECURITYHOLDER ARE TRUE AND 
CORRECT ON THE DATE OF THE SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES: 
18.1 
In the case of Securities generally: 
(a) 
The Securityholder is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal of an investigation into 
the relevant Issuer and any other member of the Crédit Agricole CIB group of companies (the Group). 
Except for the publication of the Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto, the Securityholder does 
not and will not rely on the relevant Issuer or any other member of the Group to provide it with any 
additional information relating to the relevant Issuer or any other member of the Group. 
(b) 
The Securityholder's purchase of the Securities (i) is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives 
and condition, (ii) complies with all applicable investment policies, guidelines and restrictions, and (iii) is 
a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and potentially substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the Securities. The Securityholder has taken sufficient independent 
professional advice, as appropriate, to make its own evaluation of the legality, merits and risks of 
investment in the Securities. 
(c) 
The Securityholder is not relying on any communication (written or oral) from the relevant Issuer or any 
member of the Group as investment advice or as a recommendation to purchase the Securities. 
(d) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that neither the relevant Issuer nor any other member of the Group is 
acting as a fiduciary or adviser or as an agent of the Securityholder in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
The Securityholder's subscription or purchase of the Securities is lawful under the laws of the jurisdiction 
of its incorporation and the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), and such subscription or purchase 
does not contravene any law or regulation applicable to it. 
(f) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that no communication (written or oral) received from any member of 
the Group shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results or performance of 
the Securities. The Securityholder acknowledges that the amount of nominal to be repaid on the 
Redemption Date may be less than the stated nominal amount of the Securities or may even be zero. 
(g) 
The Securityholder acknowledges and agrees that any term sheet with respect to the Securities that it 
received on or prior to the issue date is superseded in its entirety by the Base Prospectus together with the 
applicable Final Terms, which solely constitute the legally binding terms and conditions of the Securities.

--- Page 362 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
362 
 
(h) 
The Securityholder (except where the Securityholder is acting as dealer appointed under the Programme) 
is purchasing the Securities as principal for its own account and/or for subsequent transfer to the account 
of third parties. 
(i) 
Where a Securityholder is acting as a dealer appointed under the Programme or as a distributor of 
Securities and acquires Securities at a price that is lower than the issue price and/or receives a placement 
fee in relation to a transaction, the dealer or distributor is solely responsible for making adequate disclosure 
to investors as required by applicable law, regulation, rule or best market practice. 
(j) 
In connection with any subsequent transfer of the Securities by the Securityholder to any third party, the 
Securityholder agrees that it will: (i) be solely responsible for assessing the suitability and appropriateness 
of the Securities for that third party; (ii) comply with all relevant laws, regulations and rules affecting the 
transfer and have obtained any governmental or other consents or approvals required to sell to the third 
party (including, without limitation any laws, regulations and rules that pertain to "know your customer", 
anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism and bribery); (iii) not represent itself to be in a partnership, 
association, joint venture or acting as agent with or for any member of the Group in connection with the 
transfer; (iv) ensure that any transferee receives or is given access to sufficient documentation with respect 
to the Securities prior to any transfer; and (v) conduct any transfer in accordance with any sales restrictions 
specified in the Base Prospectus. 
18.2 
In addition, in the case of Index Linked Securities and Inflation Linked Securities: 
The amounts payable in respect of nominal and/or interest (as the case may be) are determined by a formula linked 
to the level of an Index or Inflation Index. Movements in the level of the Index or Inflation Index may therefore 
adversely affect the amount of nominal and/or interest to be repaid to the Securityholder and may also adversely 
affect the market value of the Securities prior to maturity. The amount of nominal to be repaid on the Redemption 
Date may be less than the stated nominal amount of the Securities or may even be zero. 
18.3 
In addition, in the case of Credit Linked Securities: 
(a) 
The Securityholder is, and will at all times continue to be, responsible for making its own: (i) independent 
appraisal of an investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status and 
affairs of any Reference Entity or Underlying Obligor (collectively referred to as Relevant Entities and 
each of them, a Relevant Entity); and (ii) its own independent appraisal of any obligations of a Relevant 
Entity that come within the definition of "Obligation", "Reference Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation" 
and "Underlying Obligation" (collectively referred to as Relevant Obligations and each of them, a 
Relevant Obligation). 
(b) 
The Securityholder has not relied, and will not at any time rely, on the relevant Issuer or any other member 
of the Group (i) to provide it with any information relating to, or to keep under review on its behalf, the 
business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, status or affairs of any Relevant Entity or 
conduct any investigation or due diligence with respect to the Relevant Entity or any Relevant Obligation 
or (ii) to determine whether or not a Credit Event or an event or circumstance which, with the giving of 
notice or the lapse of time or both, could constitute a Credit Event. 
(c) 
In issuing the Securities, the relevant Issuer is not making, and has not made, any representation 
whatsoever as to any Relevant Entity, any Relevant Obligation on which it is relying or is entitled to rely. 
(d) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that the Securities do not represent or convey any interest in the 
Reference Obligation or in any other Relevant Obligations or any direct or indirect obligation of any 
Relevant Entity to the Securityholder and that the relevant Issuer is not an agent of the Securityholder for 
any purpose. 
(e) 
Any member of the Group may (i) deal in any Relevant Obligation; (ii) accept deposits from, make loans 
or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or 
other business with, any Relevant Entity, or its Affiliates or any other person or entity having obligations 
relating to any Relevant Entity or any Relevant Obligation; and (iii) act with respect to such business freely 
and without accountability to the Securityholder in the same manner as if the Securities did not exist,

--- Page 363 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
363 
 
regardless of whether any such action might have an adverse effect on any Relevant Obligation, any 
Relevant Entity or the Securities or on such Securityholder or otherwise (including, without limitation, 
any action that might give rise to a Credit Event). 
(f) 
Any member of the Group may be, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or 
otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in relation to any Relevant Obligation or any Relevant 
Entity which is or may be material in the context of the Securities and which is or may not be known to 
the general public or the Securityholder. The Securities do not create any obligation on the part of any 
member of the Group to disclose to the Securityholder any such relationship or information (whether or 
not confidential) and no member of the Group shall be liable to the Securityholder by reason of such non-
disclosure. 
(g) 
The Securityholder has decided to enter into an investment in the Securities notwithstanding that any 
member of the Group may hold and/or be contractually prohibited from disclosing to the Securityholder, 
by virtue of any agreement or otherwise, the information described in General Condition 18.3(f) above. 
(h) 
Neither the relevant Issuer nor any member of the Group shall have any liability to the Securityholder and 
the Securityholder waives and releases any claims that it might have against the relevant Issuer or any 
member of the Group, whether under applicable securities law or otherwise, with respect to the non-
disclosure of any information described in General Condition 18.3(f) above in connection with the 
Securities; provided however that such information does not and shall not affect the truth or accuracy of 
any representation made by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders in any agreement entered into 
between the relevant Issuer and Securityholder(s). 
(i) 
The Securityholder acknowledges that the terms and conditions of the Securities are binding upon it, 
irrespective of the existence or amount of the relevant Issuer's, the Securityholder's or any person's credit 
exposure to any Reference Entity, and the relevant Issuer need not suffer any loss or provide evidence of 
any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
18.4 
In addition, in the case of Commodity Linked Securities: 
The amounts payable in respect of nominal and/or interest (as the case may be) are determined by a formula linked 
to the value of a commodity. Movements in the value of the commodity may therefore adversely affect the amount 
of nominal and/or interest to be repaid to the Securityholder and may also adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities prior to maturity. The amount of nominal to be repaid on the Redemption Date may be less than the 
stated nominal amount of the Securities or may even be zero. 
19. 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE 
This General Condition 19 will apply to the Securities if so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
19.1 
Notice of Termination 
The relevant Issuer shall have the right to early redeem the Securities at any time, by giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), if it determines in good faith that: 
(a) 
its performance under the Securities or the Guarantor's performance under the Guarantee has become 
unlawful in whole or in part for any reason; or 
(b) 
its performance under the Securities or the Guarantor's performance under the Guarantee has become 
impracticable or impossible by reason of a Force Majeure Event occurring after the date on which the 
relevant transaction has been concluded (such date being excluded). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 19.1: 
Force Majeure Event means: 
(a) 
if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, any event beyond the 
reasonable control of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as applicable), including, without limitation,

--- Page 364 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
364 
 
(i) 
any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, decree or material legislative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or declaration of war (civil or otherwise), disruption, military action, unrest 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, protest and/or civil commotion; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence of sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, earthquake, meteorological or geological 
catastrophe or other calamity or emergency; or 
(iv) 
any financial, political or economic event(s) (including, without limitation, any change in national 
or international political, legal, tax or regulatory conditions) or any other causes or impediments 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer and/or (as applicable) the Guarantor, 
where such event renders impossible the performance of the relevant Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor's obligations under the Guarantee in a way that is 
insurmountable and which is not imputable to the relevant Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor; 
and 
(b) 
otherwise, any event beyond the reasonable control of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as 
applicable), including, without limitation, 
(i) 
any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, decree or material legislative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or declaration of war (civil or otherwise), disruption, military action, unrest 
political insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, protest and/or civil commotion; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence of sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, earthquake, meteorological or geological 
catastrophe or other calamity or emergency; or 
(iv) 
any financial, political or economic event(s) (including, without limitation, any change in national 
or international political, legal, tax or regulatory conditions) or any other causes or impediments 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer and/or (as applicable) the Guarantor, 
where such event (i) prevents, restricts, delays or otherwise materially hinders the performance of the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities and/or (if applicable) the Guarantor's obligations under 
the Guarantee and/or (ii) to a material extent prevents or restricts settlement of transactions in the Securities 
in the market or otherwise. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political subdivision thereof, 
any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other 
instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government. 
19.2 
Payment 
Upon the termination of the Securities as aforesaid, the relevant Issuer will, in respect of each Security, cause to be 
paid to the Securityholder the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payment will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
20. 
COVENANT TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION 
Each Securityholder (being in the case of Securities held by a nominee or held in a clearing system, the beneficial 
owner of the Securities), by subscribing or purchasing the Securities or an interest in the Securities: 
(a) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and documentation available 
to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) in connection with legal, tax 
or regulatory matters, including any information that is necessary or advisable in order for the Issuer to 
comply with legal, tax and regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer from time to time;

--- Page 365 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
365 
 
(b) 
agrees to provide to the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) all information and documentation available 
to it that is reasonably requested by the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) to verify the Securityholder's 
identity and the source of the payment used by such Securityholder or its subsequent transferee when 
purchasing Securities; and 
(c) 
agrees that the Issuer (or agents acting on its behalf) may, subject to any applicable banking secrecy laws 
and relevant confidentiality provisions (1) provide such information and documentation and any other 
information concerning its investment in the Securities to any relevant governmental, banking, taxation or 
other regulatory authority and (2) take such other steps as they deem necessary or helpful (in all cases, in 
the sole discretion of the Issuer or its respective agents) to comply with any applicable law or regulation. 
21. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no rights are conferred on any 
person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Securities, but this does 
not affect any right or remedy of any person, which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
22. 
SEVERABILITY 
Should any of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, the validity of the 
remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
23. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
23.1 
Governing law 
(a) 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of England.  
(b) 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Ireland.  
(c) 
If "French Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of France.  
(d) 
In all cases, the provisions of Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, are excluded. No Securityholder may initiate any action on the basis 
of article 470-21 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the above:  
(i) 
The registration and transfer of Finnish Securities in Euroclear Finland's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Finnish law. 
(ii) 
The registration and transfer of the Swedish Securities in Euroclear Sweden's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Swedish law. 
(f) 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Guarantee, if applicable, will be 
governed by the law specified as being applicable in respect of the Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
23.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
(i) 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the parties agree 
that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or

--- Page 366 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
366 
 
in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons) and that, accordingly, any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons (including any Proceedings relating to 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and/or the Talons) shall be brought in such courts. 
(ii) 
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waive any 
objection which they (or any of them) may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of 
any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon them (or 
any of them) and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
(b) 
(i) 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the parties agree that 
the courts of Ireland are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons). 
(ii) 
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland and waive any 
objection which they (or any of them) may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of 
any Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in 
an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the courts of Ireland shall be conclusive and binding upon them (or any 
of them) and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
(c) 
(i) 
If "French Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the parties agree 
that the competent courts located within the jurisdiction of the Cour d'Appel of Paris are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Securities, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and/or the Talons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and/or 
the Talons).  
(ii) 
The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the Cour d'Appel of Paris and waive 
any objection which they (or any of them) may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue 
of any Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought 
in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agree that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the courts of Cour d'Appel of Paris shall be conclusive and binding upon 
them (or any of them) and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this General Condition 23.2 are without prejudice to the 
rights of the parties pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the Brussels Recast Regulation) 
and their effect does not restrict the competence of the courts which are competent pursuant to 
the Brussels Recast Regulation. 
23.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
(a) 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Securities, 
each of the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor appoints Crédit Agricole CIB, London 
branch at its office for the time being in England at Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, London EC2A 
2DA as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings relating to such Securities, 
and undertakes that, in the event of Crédit Agricole CIB, London branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to 
have an office in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings relating to such Securities.

--- Page 367 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
367 
 
(b) 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms in respect of a Series of Securities, each 
of the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor appoints the entity specified as its "Irish Process 
Agent" in the applicable Final Terms as its agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of any 
Proceedings relating to such Securities. 
(c) 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
23.4 
The Guarantee and other documents 
(a) 
If "English Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in each of the Agency 
Agreement, the English Guarantee, the applicable Deed Poll and the English Law Deed of Covenant, the 
relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
(b) 
If "Irish Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in each of the Agency 
Agreement, the Irish Guarantee and the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, the relevant Issuer and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor have submitted to the jurisdiction of the Irish courts and appointed an agent for 
service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above. 
(c) 
If "French Law" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the Agency Agreement 
and the French Guarantee, the relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor, have submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the French courts. 
24. 
BAIL-IN 
24.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Securities, the English Guarantee, where applicable, or any 
other agreement, arrangement or understanding between Crédit Agricole CIB and the holders of any Security, by 
its acquisition of any Security, each Securityholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 24 includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in any Security) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of Crédit Agricole CIB or another person (and the issue to the holder of the Securities 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or 
variation of the terms of such Securities and/or, where applicable, the English Guarantee, in 
which case the holder of such Securities agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such Securities 
and/or the English Guarantee any such shares, other securities or other obligations of Crédit 
Agricole CIB or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Securities and/or, where applicable, the English Guarantee; 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Securities or amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Securities, or the date on which interest on the Securities becomes payable, 
and/or, where applicable, the amount payable, or date on which such amount becomes payable, 
pursuant to the English Guarantee, including in each case by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(b) 
that the terms of the Securities and, where applicable, the English Guarantee are subject to, and may be 
varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
For purposes of this Condition 24:

--- Page 368 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
368 
 
Amounts Due means any amount payable under the Securities and, where applicable, the English Guarantee in 
accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions or the English Guarantee, respectively. 
Bail-In Powers means any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in 
effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time, BRRD), including without limitation pursuant to French decree-
law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation 
au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree 
Law), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation), or otherwise arising under 
French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), 
cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities or any guarantee of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of the 
bail-in tool following placement in resolution or of write-down or conversion powers before a resolution proceeding 
is initiated or without a resolution proceeding, or otherwise. 
Regulated Entity means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit institutions, investment 
firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the ACPR), the Single 
Resolution Board (the SRB) established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-In Powers from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
24.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the 
Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB unless, at the time such 
repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted 
to be made by Crédit Agricole CIB under the laws and regulations in effect in France and the European Union 
applicable to Crédit Agricole CIB or other members of the Crédit Agricole Group. 
24.3 
No Event of Default as a result of Bail-In 
Neither a cancellation of the Securities, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of Crédit Agricole CIB or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-
In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to Crédit Agricole CIB, nor the exercise of the Bail-
In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities will be an event of default or 
otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the holder of such Securities to any 
remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
24.4 
Notice to Securityholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Securities, Crédit 
Agricole CIB will make available a written notice to the holders of such Securities in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-In Powers. Crédit Agricole CIB will also 
deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for informational purposes, although the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of such Securities. Any delay or failure by 
Crédit Agricole CIB to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Powers nor the 
effects on the Securities described in Condition 24.1 above.

--- Page 369 ---
General Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
369 
 
24.5 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not be required 
to take any directions from Securityholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon any of the 
Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-In Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any Securities remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-In Power results 
in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Securities), then the Agents’ duties under the Agency Agreement 
shall remain applicable with respect to the Securities following such completion to the extent that Crédit Agricole 
CIB and the Agents shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
24.6 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-In Powers with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, 
unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by Crédit Agricole CIB or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of Securities pursuant to the Bail-In 
Powers will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
24.7 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 24 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other 
agreements, arrangements or understandings between Crédit Agricole CIB and any holder of Securities. 
25. 
DEFINITIONS 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
(including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 370 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
370 
 
DEFINITIONS CONDITIONS 
This section sets out certain definitions that apply to all Securities. 
The following is the definitions conditions (the Definitions Conditions or Definitions) that applies to all Securities together 
with the General Conditions, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms and any 
applicable Additional Conditions specified to be applicable in such Final Terms. 
Where any Additional Conditions are specified in the applicable Final Terms for any Securities, the Definitions Conditions 
shall be subject to the provisions contained in such Additional Conditions to the extent it relates to the content of such 
Additional Conditions and will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Additional Conditions. 
In all cases, these General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and the provisions of such Additional Conditions shall be 
subject to the applicable Final Terms, and will not apply to the extent they are inconsistent with the provisions of such Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, (unless otherwise specified), the following general definitions will apply. 
 
Absolute Value means, in respect of a number, its non-negative value without regard to its sign. For example, the 
Absolute Value of -10 is 10. 
Accreted Value means, in respect of Zero Coupon Securities, the amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the percentage rate equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Issue Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield as specified in the applicable Final Terms (compounded 
annually) being applied to the Issue Price from (and including) the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which the Security becomes due and payable, 
where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified 
for Zero Coupon Securities in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such Day Count Fraction is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30/360; and 
(b) 
the Nominal Amount of the Zero Coupon Securities. 
Act(d-1,d) means the number of calendar days within the period starting from the Scheduled Trading Day preceding 
the Daily Observation Dated (excluded) and ending on the Daily Observation Dated (included). 
Additional Conditions means the Asset Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions, the Bond Linked Conditions, 
the Alternative Currency Conditions, the Standard Payoff Conditions, the Combination Payoff Conditions, the 
Payoff Feature Conditions, the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the Redemption Method Conditions, the 
Secured Security Conditions and the Preference Share Linked Conditions. 
Additional Business Centre means, in respect of such day(s) or date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Financial Centre means the relevant financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Relevant Rate Benchmark means the rate index, benchmark or other price source specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means (a) the determination by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and based on Benchmark Publicly Available Information that any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the 
Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be,

--- Page 371 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
371 
 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Guarantor or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the 
Relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under or in respect of the Securities, and (b) the 
notification of such determination to the relevant Issuer.  
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date means, in respect of a Series of Securities and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date on which the authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is: 
(a) 
required under any applicable law or regulation; or 
(b) 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn, if the applicable law or regulation provides that the Relevant 
Benchmark is not permitted to be used for the Securities following rejection, refusal, suspension or 
withdrawal, 
or, in each case, if such date occurs before the Trade Date (or if there is no Trade Date specified in the Final Terms, 
the Issue Date), the Trade Date (or the Issue Date, as the case may be). 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First 
Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
Agency Agreement has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Agent(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount means the aggregate nominal amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Alternative Currency Securities means any Securities for which "Alternative Currency Conditions" are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being "Applicable". 
Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), in respect of one Underlying (defined as "Underlyingx") and/or 
a second Underlying (defined as "Underlyingy"), means Formula 1(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), Formula 
2(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), Formula 3(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), or Formula 4(Underlyingx), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case where such formula is applied in respect of such first Underlying, Underlyingx, 
and/or second Underlying, Underlyingy, as applicable. 
Asset Conditions means with respect to: 
(a) 
Commodity Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: 
Commodity Linked Asset Conditions (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions); 
(b) 
Index Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(c) 
FX Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(d) 
Inflation Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(e) 
Rate Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(f) 
ETF Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions);

--- Page 372 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
372 
 
(g) 
Share Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(h) 
Fund Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 8 (Fund Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions);  
(i) 
Future Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset Conditions) 
of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions);  
(j) 
Portfolio Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 10 (Portfolio Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); and  
(k) 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities, the additional conditions set out in Chapter 11 (Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) and each other chapter of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions) relating to each underlying by reference to which interest, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as the case may be) are calculated. 
Asset Transfer Notice means a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement. 
Barrier Level 1, Barrier Level 2 each means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying 
Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Base Prospectus means the Base Prospectus dated 10 May 2024 approved by the CSSF on 10 May 2024. 
Basket Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
BasketTRd means one of the following options (with BasketTR0 = 1): 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Share Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
BasketTRd = ∑
1
N × ShareTR0
i × FX0
i ×
N
i=1
ShareTRd
i × FXd
i  
(b) 
if "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
BasketTRd = ∑nd
i ×
N
i=1
Shared
i × FXd
I   
Bearer Global Securities means a Temporary Bearer Global Security or a Permanent Bearer Global Security. 
Bearer Securities has the meaning set out in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title, Transfer). 
Benchmark Publicly Available Information means, in respect of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, one or both 
of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by (i) the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or 
(ii) any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark or regulating the Relevant Benchmark, provided 
that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (i) or (ii) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Benchmark Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays 
a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation Agent may assume 
that such information has been disclosed to it or its Affiliates without violating any law, regulation, agreement,

--- Page 373 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
373 
 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the administrator or 
sponsor or any relevant national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority that would be breached by, 
or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates. 
Benchmark Rate has the meaning set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Benchmark Trigger Event means an Index Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Bloomberg Screen means the display page so designated on the Bloomberg service. 
Bond Linked Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Broken Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any applicable 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or CNY, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement for that system (the T2) is operating 
(a T2 Settlement Day) or (iii) in relation to any sum payable in CNY a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
Business Day Convention means that if any date referred to in the Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(a) 
the "Floating Rate Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) after the foregoing paragraph (i) shall have 
applied, each subsequent date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; or 
(b) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(c) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(d) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, 
provided that if neither "Floating Rate Convention" nor "Following Business Day Convention" nor "Modified 
Following Business Day Convention" nor "Preceding Payment Business Day Convention" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Following Business Day Convention" shall be deemed to apply. 
If "Interest Accrual Periods will be adjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) any Interest Payment 
Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought forward (as applicable)

--- Page 374 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
374 
 
in accordance with the specified Business Day Convention (as described above), (b) the Interest Accrual Period 
ending on the Interest Period Date immediately preceding, or falling on, such Interest Payment Date will be adjusted 
accordingly and (c) the amount of interest payable on such Interest Payment Date will be adjusted accordingly. 
If "Interest Accrual Periods will be unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Interest Payment 
Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought forward (as applicable) 
in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention and there will be no corresponding adjustment to any 
Interest Accrual Period or to the amount of interest payable on that or any other Interest Payment Date. 
C ("Cap"), C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 and C6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of Securities means an agreement entered into by, inter 
alia, the relevant Issuer and the Calculation Agent in or substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency 
Agreement. 
Calculation Agent means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount means the calculation amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the Specified Denomination divided by the Calculation 
Amount. 
Cap means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not 
Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
CB ("Conditional Barrier") means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificates means any certificates issued by any of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Certificateholder has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
CIB ("Combination Interest Barrier"), CIB1, CIB2, CIB3, CIB4, CIB5 and CIB6 each means the number, the 
percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
CMU means the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service operated by the HKMA. 
CMU Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which the CMU is operating. 
CMU Instrument Position Report shall have the meaning specified to it in the CMU Rules. 
CMU Manual means the reference manual relating to the operation of the CMU issued by the HKMA to CMU 
Members, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time from time to time. 
CMU Rules means all the requirements of the CMU for the time being applicable to a CMU Member and includes 
(a) all the obligations for the time being applicable to a CMU Member under or by virtue of its membership 
agreement with the CMU and the CMU Manual; (b) all the operating procedures as set out in the CMU Manual for 
the time being in force in so far as such procedures are applicable to a CMU Member; and (c) any directions for the 
time being in force and applicable to a CMU Member given by the HKMA through any operational circulars or 
pursuant to any provision of its membership agreement with the HKMA or the CMU Manual. 
CMU Securities means a Series of Securities for which "CMU Securities" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, which Securities will be lodged with the CMU.

--- Page 375 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
375 
 
CNY means the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China, which for the purpose of the Terms and 
Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
CNY Securities means Alternative Currency Securities (a) denominated in CNY or (b) in relation to which the 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is specified to apply 
and CNY is specified as the Interest Currency or the Redemption Currency, as the case may be. 
CNY Settlement Centre(s) means the centres specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Combination Interest Payoff means any Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with the relevant chapter 
of Part A of the Combination Payoff Conditions. 
Combination Payoff Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 6 (Combination Payoff Conditions). 
Combination Redemption Payoff has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Commodity has the meaning set out in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Commodity Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Commodities. 
Commodity Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Commodities. 
Commodity Linked Security means a Commodity Linked Interest Security or Commodity Linked Redemption 
Security, as applicable. 
Commodity Reference Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of 
Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Conditional Barrier: if Conditional Barrier is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
a Barrier (Combination Interest Barrier, Combination Redemption Barrier, ERB, Interest Barrier, Final Redemption 
Barrier, Knock-out Barrier) such Barrier will be equal to: 
(a) 
If the Performance_CB is [higher than CB] [higher than or equal to CB] [lower than CB] [lower than or 
equal to CB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Conditional Barrier Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on 
at least one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Conditional Barrier 
Period, the Barrier Level 1; 
(b) 
Otherwise, the Barrier Level 2. 
Conditional Barrier Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and such date is deemed 
to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Conditional Barrier Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditions means the Terms and Conditions as completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Couponholder(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Coupon(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
CRB ("Combination Redemption Barrier"), CRB1, CRB2, CRB3, CRB4, CRB5 and CRB6 each means the 
number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Crédit Agricole CIB means Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank.

--- Page 376 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
376 
 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL means Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS means Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions. 
Credit Event has the meaning set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions). 
Credit Linked Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currency Unavailability Event has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5.7 (Payment in case of Currency 
Unavailability). 
Cut-Off Date has the meaning set out in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
d means an integer number corresponding to the relevant Daily Observation Dated, specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, d-1 means an integer number corresponding to the Scheduled Trading Day preceding the 
relevant Daily Observation Dated (and so on). 
Daily Observation Dated means each Scheduled Trading Day between the Initial Observation Date (excluded) and 
the relevant Observation Date t (included), each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes 
of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with General 
Condition 4 (Interest): 
(a) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the Interest Accrual Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Interest Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Interest Accrual Period divided by the product of (A) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (B) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one (1) calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Interest Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Interest Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Interest Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (I) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one (1) calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Interest Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one (1) calendar year; 
(c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Accrual Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Accrual Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Accrual Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Accrual Period divided by 365; 
(e) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366;

--- Page 377 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
377 
 
(f) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360– × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × M 2 - M 1] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Accrual Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] +–[30 × (M2 - M1)] +–(D2 - D1)
360–
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30, and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Accrual Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(i) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Accrual 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] +–[30 × (M2 - M1)] +–(D2 - D1)
360–
 
where:

--- Page 378 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
378 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Accrual Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Accrual Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Accrual Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number of the Interest Accrual Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Accrual Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Redemption Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31 and D2 will be 30. 
If the Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Not Applicable", it will be deemed to be 
equal to 1. 
Dealer means any one of Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch and any 
additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by any Issuer. 
Decrement in % means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Decrement in Point means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Deed of Covenant has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions and refers to 
the English Law Deed of Covenant and the Irish Law Deed of Covenant, as applicable. 
Deed Poll means one of the deed poll entered into by Crédit Agricole CIB and dated on or about 10 May 2024. 
Definitive Bearer Security(ies) means a Definitive Security in bearer form. 
Definitive Security(ies) means a definitive Security in bearer or registered form. 
Definitive Registered Security(ies) means a Definitive Security in registered form. 
Delivery Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such entity is specified, 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Dematerialised Security(ies) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Designated Account has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4(a) (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities). 
Designated Bank has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4(a) (Payments in respect of Registered 
Securities). 
Designated Maturity has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date 
is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the 
first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period ending 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering of the U.S. Securities and the Issue Date.

--- Page 379 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
379 
 
DivAmountd means the result of the following formula: 
(a) 
if "Option 2: Share" is specified as being applicable in respect of the Total Return Performance(d-1,d) 
definition: 
DivAmountd= DivGrossd×(1-WithholdingRated) 
(b) 
if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" is specified as being applicable in respect of the Total Return 
Performance(d-1,d) definition and if "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in 
respect of the nid definition: 
DivAmountd = ∑nd−1
i
× DivAmountd
i × FXd−1
i
N
i=1
 
DivAmountid means the result of the following formula: 
DivAmountd
i = DivGrossd
i ×(1-WithholdingRated
i ) 
DivGrossd means the amount of the gross dividend paid by the Share on the relevant Daily Observation Dated and 
expressed in the currency of the Share. 
DivGrossid means the amount of the gross dividend paid by the Share i on the relevant Daily Observation Dated 
and expressed in the currency of the Share i.  
Documents has the meaning set out in General Condition 17.1 (Conditions Precedent to Substitution). 
DTC means the Depository Trust Company. 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Part A, Chapter 6 (Dual Currency (Interest) 
Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Dual Currency Securities means securities which specify Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual 
Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Part B, Chapter 3 (Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Early Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) or, in 
respect of Preference Share Linked Securities, the meaning set out in Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked 
Conditions). 
ERB ("Early Redemption Barrier") each means the number, the percentage or a percentage of the Initial 
Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning set out in the applicable Early Redemption Trigger Condition. 
Early Redemption Payoff Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger 
Conditions). 
Early Redemption Trigger Event means any early redemption trigger event set out in any chapter of Annex 8 
(Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) and specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
English Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
English Law Deed of Covenant has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
English Law Securities means Securities of a Series for which the governing law is specified as "English Law" in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 380 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
380 
 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with rules 
relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to article 140 of the Treaty. 
ETF has the meaning set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
ETF Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more ETFs. 
ETF Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more ETFs. 
ETF Linked Security means an ETF Linked Interest Security or ETF Linked Redemption Security, as applicable. 
ETF Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 6 (ETF Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
EUI Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Euro means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with article 3, paragraph 4 of the EU Treaty. 
Euronext VPS means Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo). 
EU Treaty means the Treaty on European Union, as amended. 
Event of Default means the events set out in General Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Exchange Agent has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Exchange Notice has the meaning set out in General Condition 3 (Redenomination). 
Exempt Offer means an offer (i) made other than pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation outside the 
European Economic Area or of a type listed in Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and (ii) for 
which the Securities are not admitted to trading on a regulated market pursuant to Article 3(3) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or of a type listed in Article 1(5). 
Exempt Securities means Securities offered through an Exempt Offer. 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) means, in respect of Italian Listed Certificates, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning set out in paragraph 20 of Schedule 5 to the Agency Agreement. 
F ("Floor"), F1, F2, F3, F4, F5 and F6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Final Redemption Amount has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Final Terms means the final terms applicable to the relevant Securities substantially in the form set out in the Base 
Prospectus. 
Finnish CSD has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Finnish CSD Rules has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Finnish Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 381 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
381 
 
Finnish Securities has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Fitch Ratings means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
Fixed Coupon Amount means each amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Percentage, Fixed Percentage1, Fixed Percentage2, Fixed Percentage3, Fixed Percentage4, Fixed 
Percentage5 and Fixed Percentage6 each means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate, Fixed Rate1, Fixed Rate2, Fixed Rate3, Fixed Rate4, Fixed Rate5 and Fixed Rate6 each means the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate (n) means the rate specified for each "n" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Floating Rate Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Option has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Floor means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not 
Applicable", the Floor shall be minus infinity. 
Force Majeure Event means the events set out in General Condition 19.1 (Notice of Termination). 
Formula 1(Underlyingx, Underlyingy) means, on any day (the Relevant Day), the result of the following formula 
applied in respect of one Benchmark Rate (being Underlyingx) and a second Benchmark Rate (being Underlyingy) 
as calculated in respect of such day: 
Levelx×Underlying Valuex-Levely×Underlying Valuey
Levelx-Levely
 
where: 
Levelx means (i) if Underlying Valuex is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuex is not equal to 
zero, the result of the following formula: 
Max[(1.25 × Levely), (1-(1+ Underlying Valuex)-x
Underlying Valuex
)] 
Levely means (i) if Underlying Valuey is equal to zero, y, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuey is not equal to 
zero, the result of the following formula: 
1-(1+ Underlying Valuey)
-y
Underlying Valuey
 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
Underlying Valuey means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
x means the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Benchmark Rate 
represented by Underlyingx in relation to the Interest Accrual Period during which the Relevant Day falls; 
and 
y means the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Benchmark Rate 
represented by Underlyingy in relation to the Interest Accrual Period during which the Relevant Day falls.

--- Page 382 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
382 
 
Formula 2(Underlyingx, Underlyingy) means, on any day (the Relevant Day), the result of the following formula 
applied in respect of one Underlying (being Underlyingx) and a second Underlying (being Underlyingy) as 
calculated in respect of such day: 
(1+(1+Underlying Valueα)a)×Underlying Valuex-(1+Underlying Valueβ)
b×Underlying Valuey 
where: 
a means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
b means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
Underlying Valuey means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
Underlying Valueα means the Underlying Value of Underlyingα; 
Underlying Valueβ means the Underlying Value of Underlyingβ; 
Underlyingα means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Underlyingβ means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Formula 3(Underlyinga, Underlyingb) means, on any day (the Relevant Day), the result of the following formula 
applied in respect of one Underlying (being Underlyingx) and a second Underlying (being Underlyingy) as 
calculated in respect of such day: 
(1+Underlying Valueα)a×Underlying Valuex-(1+Underlying Valueβ)
b×Underlying Valuey 
where: 
a means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
b means the number as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx; 
Underlying Valuey means the Underlying Value of Underlyingy; 
Underlying Valueα means the Underlying Value of Underlyingα; 
Underlying Valueβ means the Underlying Value of Underlyingβ; 
Underlyingα means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Underlyingβ means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Formula 4(Underlyingx) means, in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the result of the following 
formula applied in respect of the Underlying: 
Delta Level x Delta Underlying Value 
where: 
Capx means the level specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delta Level = Leveli – Leveli-1 
Delta Underlying Value = Underlying Valuei-1 – Underlying Valuei

--- Page 383 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
383 
 
Floorx means the level specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leveli means (i) if Underlying Valuei is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuei is not equal to 
zero, the result of the following formula: 
1 − (1 + Underlying Valuei)−x
Underlying Valuei
 
Leveli-1 means (i) if Underlying Valuei-1 is equal to zero, x, and (ii) if the Underlying Valuei-1 is not equal 
to zero, the result of the following formula: 
1- (1+Underlying Valuei-1)-x
Underlying Valuei-1
  
Observation Datei means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or the number 
of Business Days before the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Datei-1 means a date specified in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period or the number 
of Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Underlying Valuei means Underlying Valuex observed on Observation Datei subject to a minimum equal 
to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
Underlying Valuei-1 means Underlying Valuex observed on Observation Datei-1 subject to a minimum 
equal to Floorx and a maximum equal to Capx. 
Underlying Valuex means the Underlying Value of Underlyingx. 
x means the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Benchmark Rate 
represented by Underlyingx. 
FRB ("Final Redemption Barrier"), FRB1, FRB2, FRB3, FRB4, FRB5 and FRB6 each means the number, the 
percentage or a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
French Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
French Law Securities means Securities of a Series for which the governing law is specified as "French Law" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Interest has the meaning set out in Chapter 8 (Fund Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Fund Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Fund Interests. 
Fund Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Fund Interests. 
Fund Linked Security means a Fund Linked Interest Security or Fund Linked Redemption Security, as applicable. 
Fund Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 7 (Fund Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
FXid means the foreign exchange rate on the Daily Observation Dated to convert the currency of the Share i into 
the Basket Currency. 
Future has the meaning set out in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions).

--- Page 384 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
384 
 
Future Price means, in respect of a Future and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of such 
Future on the relevant Exchange during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if applicable) 
pursuant to the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to Future Linked Securities) set out 
in Chapter 9 (Future Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions) or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Daily Settlement Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, unless in either case, the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market 
conventions, such method of determining the Future Price is not appropriate in which case the Future Price shall be 
determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
Future Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Futures. 
Future Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Futures. 
Future Linked Security means a Future Linked Interest Security or Future Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
FX Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of which 
interest is calculated by reference to one or more FX Rates. 
FX Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, is calculated by reference to one or more FX Rates. 
FX Linked Security means a FX Linked Interest Security or FX Linked Redemption Security, as applicable. 
FX Rate has the meaning set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
G means the number, percentage or following formula as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1 + Increment in % )
t
p 
G(k) means : 
(a) 
if "Option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: the Performance(i) 
corresponding to rank "k" of the list of Performance(i) numerically sorted in descending order, i.e. G(1) is 
equal to the highest (best) Performance(i) numerical value and G(N) is equal to the lowest (worst) 
Performance(i) numerical value. 
(b) 
if "Option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: the number or percentage, 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, corresponding to rank "k" of the list of Performance(i) 
numerically sorted in descending order, i.e. G(1) corresponding to the highest (best) Performance(i) 
numerical value and G(N) corresponding to the lowest (worst) Performance(i) numerical value. 
Gearing means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
General Conditions has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
General Interest Payoff means a Standard Interest Payoff or a Combination Interest Payoff. 
General Interest Payoffx means any of General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2 or General Interest 
Payoff3 (as such terms are defined in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition, as applicable). 
General Payoff Conditions means the Standard Payoff Conditions and the Combination Payoff Conditions. 
General Redemption Payoff means a Standard Redemption Payoff or a Combination Redemption Payoff.

--- Page 385 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
385 
 
General Redemption Payoffx means any of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2 or General 
Redemption Payoff3 (as such terms are defined in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition, as applicable). 
Global Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such global leverage may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be equal 
to one (1). 
Global Security(ies) has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political subdivision thereof, 
any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other 
instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government. 
Group has the meaning set out in General Condition 18 (Representations and Acknowledgements). 
Growth Redemption has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions and refers to the English 
Guarantee, the Irish Guarantee or the French Guarantee, as applicable. 
Guarantor means Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Highest Value has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger). 
HKMA means the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. 
Hong Kong Paying Agent means any entity appointed as paying agent in respect of CMU Securities in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
i, j each means an integer number corresponding to an Underlying, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
IB ("Interest Barrier"), IB1, IB2, IB3, IB4, IB5 and IB6 each means the number, the percentage or a percentage 
of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Increment in % means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index has the meaning set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
IndexTRd means the Index Level on the relevant Daily Observation Dated (with IndexTR0 = Initial Underlying 
Value(i)). 
Index Cessation Event means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Relevant 
Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(b) 
a public statement by or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Relevant Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the Relevant Benchmark, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Relevant Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Relevant Benchmark, which states that 
the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark;

--- Page 386 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
386 
 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark announcing that the Relevant Benchmark is or will no longer be representative of 
any relevant underlying markets or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; or 
(d) 
where the Calculation Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate Benchmark is a Priority Fallback 
Benchmark (each as defined in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions)), 
any event which otherwise constitutes an "index cessation event" (regardless of how it is actually defined 
or described in the definition of the Relevant Rate Benchmark) for which the Calculation Agent has 
determined a Priority Fallback will apply. 
Index Level has the meaning set out in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Index Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Indices. 
Index Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Indices. 
Index Linked Security means an Index Linked Interest Security or Index Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
Inflation Index has the meaning set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Inflation Index Level has the meaning set out in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset 
Conditions). 
Inflation Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Inflation Indices. 
Inflation Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Inflation Indices. 
Inflation Linked Security means an Inflation Linked Interest Security or Inflation Linked Redemption Security, 
as applicable. 
Initial Observation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and such date is deemed 
to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Initial Underlying Value(i) means the Underlying Value(i) on the Initial Observation Date. 
Instalment Amount means, with respect to the redemption of an Instalment Security and each Instalment Date, 
each amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Date means, with respect to an Instalment Security, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Instalment Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Redemption Amount, with respect to an Instalment Security, has the meaning set out in Annex 9 
(Redemption Method Conditions). 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.

--- Page 387 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
387 
 
Interest Amount has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) (with respect 
to Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2(c) (Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts) (with 
respect to Floating Rate Securities) and 4.3(c) (h) (with respect to Linked Interest Securities). 
Interest Commencement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue Date. 
Interest Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Interest) Feature. 
Interest Determination Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each 
date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding the last day of an Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date(s), each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Interest Determination Date is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Determination Date shall be the date that is the latest Observation Date of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
Interest Observation Date(s) means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date 
shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Interest Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the period from and including the 
date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the first 
day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to and excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, 
or the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such or (in the case of Italian Listed Certificates only) a 
"Premium Payment Date" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Period Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if "Not Applicable" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment Company Act means the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
Investment Letter has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.3(g)(ii). 
Irish Guarantee has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Irish Law Deed of Covenant has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Irish Law Securities means Securities of a Series for which the governing law is specified as "Irish Law" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
ISDA Definitions means, in relation to a Series of Securities, the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), as may be supplemented or 
amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Securities 
of such Series. 
ISDA Determination means the manner of determining the Rate of Interest per Floating Rate Securities set out in 
General Condition 4.2(b)(i) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Securities). 
ISDA Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Issue Date means the issue date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price means the issue price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer means Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Italian Certificate means a Certificate designated as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 388 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
388 
 
Italian Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Italian Listed Certificates means a certificate (which may be an Italian Certificate, or not, specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms), admitted to trading or intended to be admitted to trading on the SeDeX Market. 
Italian Listed Note means a Note (which may be an Italian Note, or not, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms), listed or intended to be listed on the MOT Market. 
Italian Listed Security means either an Italian Listed Note or an Italian Listed Certificate, as applicable in the 
context of the relevant Series. 
Italian Note means a Note designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Italian Security means either an Italian Certificate or an Italian Note, as applicable in the context of the relevant 
Series. 
Japanese Yen means the currency of Japan. 
k means, in respect of the Rainbow Performance or Xth Worst Performance or Reverso Perfromance, the rank of 
each Performance(i) ranging from one (1) for the highest (best) Performance(i) numerical value to the highest i 
number for the lowest (worst) Performance(i) value; for example, in the case of five (5) Underlyings, the best rank 
is one (1) and the worst rank is five (5). 
K means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leveld-1 means one of the following options: 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Index" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
IndexTRd-1  
(b) 
if "Option 2: Share" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
ShareTRd-1  
(c) 
if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
BasketTRd-1  
L ("Leverage"), L1, L2, L3, L4, L5 and L6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value, or in the case of a number, may be one (1). 
Linked Interest Security means a Commodity Linked Interest Security, an Index Linked Interest Security, an FX 
Linked Interest Security, an Inflation Linked Interest Security, a Rate Linked Interest Security, an ETF Linked 
Interest Security, a Share Linked Interest Security, a Fund Linked Interest Security, a Future Linked Interest 
Security, a Portfolio Linked Interest Security or a Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security. 
Linked Interest Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.3(b) (Linked Interest Rate). 
Linked Redemption Security means a Commodity Linked Redemption Security, an Index Linked Redemption 
Security, an FX Linked Redemption Security, an Inflation Linked Redemption Security, a Rate Linked Redemption 
Security, an ETF Linked Redemption Security, a Share Linked Redemption Security, a Fund Linked Redemption 
Security, a Future Linked Redemption Security, a Portfolio Linked Redemption Security or a Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Redemption Security. 
Long Maturity Security has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.2 (Presentation of Definitive Bearer 
Securities, Receipts and Coupons).

--- Page 389 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
389 
 
Lower Limit means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Luxembourg Business Day has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.3(d) (Notification of Applicable Linked 
Interest Rate and Interest Amounts). 
Manager(s) means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Margin means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be zero (0). 
Max means the greater of the two amounts or values that follow, or the greatest of several amounts (as applicable) 
or values that follow, the amounts or values being separated by a comma. For example Max (X,Y) means whichever 
is the greater of component X and component Y. 
Maximum Rate of Interest means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final 
Terms specify that Maximum Rate of Interest is Not Applicable, the Maximum Rate of Interest shall be equal to 
infinity. 
Min means the lesser of the two amounts or values that follow, or the lesser of several amounts (as applicable) or 
values that follow, the amounts or values being separated by a comma. For example Min(X,Y) means whichever is 
the lesser of component X and component Y. 
Minimum Rate of Interest means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the applicable Final 
Terms specify that Minimum Rate of Interest is Not Applicable, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be equal to 0. 
Monetisation Amount has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger). 
Monetisation Option has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger). 
Moody's means Moody's France S.A.S.. 
MOT Market means the Electronic Bond and Government Securities Market organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security means a specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which interest is calculated by reference to the price, value or level of two (2) or more types of Underlyings. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price, value or level of two (2) or more 
types of Underlyings. 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Security means a Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Security or Multi-Asset Basket 
Linked Redemption Security, as applicable. 
N means the total number of Underlying(i). For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(i) together will constitute a 
Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
N1 means the total number of Underlying(i) defined in Basket 1, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(i) defined in Basket 1 together will constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
N2 means the total number of Underlying(j) defined in Basket 2, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(j) defined in Basket 2 together will constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
nd means the number of Shares calculated on the Daily Observationd as the result of the following formula (with n0 
= 1):

--- Page 390 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
390 
 
nd= nd-1+ nd-1×DivAmountd
Shared-1-DivGrossd
 
nid means the number of Shares i calculated on the Daily Observationd as the result of the following formula: 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Share Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
nd
i = nd−1
i
+ nd−1
i
× DivAmountd
i
Shared−1
i
−DivGrossd
i  
(with ni0 = 1) 
(b) 
if "Option 2: Basket Reinvestment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
nd
i = nd−1
i
+ 
nRelatived−1
i
× DivAmountd
(Shared−1
i
−DivGrossd
i ) × FXd−1
i
 
(with n0
i =
1
N×Share0i ×FX0i) 
nRelativeid-1 means the result of the following formula: 
nRelatived−1
i
= nd−1
i
× Shared−1
i
× FXd−1
i
BasketTRd−1
 
(with nRelative0
i =
1
N) 
Non-Permitted Transferee means any person who is not a Permitted Transferee. 
Non-U.S. Securities means all Securities other than U.S. Securities. 
Norwegian CSD has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Norwegian CSD Rules has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Norwegian Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Norwegian Securities has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Notes means any notes issued by any of the Issuers under the Programme. 
Number of Underlyings means the Number of Shares or the Number of ETF Units, depending on the relevant 
Asset Conditions. 
Number of Underlyings to be Delivered means the Number of Shares to Be Delivered or the Number of ETF 
Units to Be Delivered, depending on the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Offer Price means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
One-off Coupon has the meaning given to it in General Condition 4.1. 
p means an integer number, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
P ("Percentage"), P1, P2, P3, P4, P5 and P6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
PCap means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
PFloor means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Paying Agent(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 391 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
391 
 
Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Payoff Feature Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Payment Business Day has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.6 (Payment Business Day). 
Payment Extension Day means a day which is a Payment Business Day. 
Performance(i) means the performance of the Underlying Value(i) between two specified Observation Dates, 
calculated as: 
(a) 
if "Option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
  
or 
± Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
  
(b) 
if "Option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± Underlying Value1i
Underlying Value2i
  
or 
± Underlying Value1i
Underlying Valueti
  
(c) 
if "Option 3" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± G × (Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 − K)  
or 
± G × (
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i  − K)  
(d) 
if "Option 4" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± G × (K − 
Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i )  
or 
± G × (K − 
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i )  
(e) 
if "Option 5" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± G × (
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
−K
t
)  
(f) 
if "Option 6" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± G × ((
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i )
1/t
−K)  
(g) 
if "Option 7" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 392 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
392 
 
± Min (PCap; Max (PFloor; G × (
Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i −K) ))  
or 
± Min (PCap; Max (PFloor; G × (
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i −K) ))  
(h) 
if "Option 8" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
± G × (Underlying Value2i −Underlying Value1i − K)  
or 
± G × (Underlying Valueti −Underlying Value1i − K)  
Performance(j) means any Performance(i) where i = j. 
Performance_AF ("Performance Accrual Factor"), Performance_CB ("Performance Conditional 
Barrier"), Performance_CI ("Performance Combination Interest"), Performance_CR ("Performance 
Combination Redemption"), Performance_ER ("Performance Early Redemption"), Performance_FR 
("Performance 
Final 
Redemption"), 
Performance_FR1, 
Performance_FR2, 
Performance_FR3, 
Performance_FR4, Performance_FR5, Performance_FR6, Performance_KOI ("Performance Knock-Out 
Interest"), Performance_KOR ("Performance Knock-Out Redemption"), Performance_I ("Performance 
Interest"), Performance_IA ("Performance Interest Amount"), Performance_RA ("Performance 
Redemption Amount"), Performance_RA1, Performance_RA2, Performance_RA3, Performance_RA4, 
Performance_RA5 and Performance_RA6 each means: 
(a) 
a Performance(i);  
(b) 
a Performance Formula; or 
(c) 
the addition, the difference, the product or the quotient of two or more Performance(i); or 
(d) 
the addition, the difference, the product or the quotient of two or more Performance Formulas. 
Where any amount payable in respect of the Securities is determined by reference to two or more of the above 
definitions in circumstances where they are equal, the formula, where set out in the Final Terms applicable to the 
Securities, may be simplified from the form of that formula set out in the applicable Additional Conditions by 
replacing the above definitions by the term Performance. 
Performance Formula means the following formula as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Absolute Value Performance means the Absolute Value of the specified Performance(i) or specified 
Performance Formula. 
(b) 
Basket Outperformance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Min (Cap, Max(Floor, Gearing × (∑Weight(i)
N1
i=1
× Performance(i) ± ∑Weight(j)
N2
j=1
× Performance(j)) −Strike)) 
(c) 
Best of Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Maxi
NPerformance(i)  
(d) 
Capped Floored Weighted Average Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed 
as a percentage:

--- Page 393 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
393 
 
Min(Cap,Max (Floor, Gearing × (∑Weight(i)
N
i=1
×  Performance(i) − Strike))) 
(e) 
Decrement Performance means the result of the following formula calculated on the relevant 
Observation Date t: 
∏(Total Return Performance (d-1,d)- Decrement in %× Act(d-1, d)
365
)
t
d=1
 
(f) 
Decrement Point Performance means the result of the following formula calculated on the relevant 
Observation Date t: 
∏(Total Return Performance (d-1,d)- Decrement in Point
Leveld-1
× Act(d-1, d)
365
)
t
d=1
 
(g) 
Increment Performance means the result of the following formula calculated on the relevant Observation 
Date t: 
∏(Total Return Performance (d-1,d)+ Increment in %× Act(d-1, d)
365
)
t
d=1
 
(h) 
Difference Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) − Undelying Value(j) 
(i) 
Palladium Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Min (Cap, Max(Floor, Gearing × (1
N × ∑Absolute Value
N
i=1
(Performance(i) ± 1
N ∑Performance(i)
N
i=1
)) −Strike)) 
(j) 
Product Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) ×  Underlying Value(j) 
(k) 
Quotient Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) ÷  Underlying Value(j) 
(l) 
Rainbow Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
∑Weight(k)
N
k=1
× G(k) 
(m) 
Reverso Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Min (Cap,Max (Floor,Gearing×Max (0, 1
N × ∑Performance(i)
N
i=1
 ± 1
X× ∑G(k)
X
k=1
) -Strike)) 
(n) 
Sum Performance means the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Value(i) +  Underlying Value(j) 
(o) 
Weighted Average Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage:

--- Page 394 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
394 
 
∑Weight(i)
N
i=1
× Performance(i) 
(p) 
Weighted Average Value means the result of the following formula: 
∑Weight(i)
N
i=1
× Underlying Value(i) − Strike 
(q) 
Worst of Performance means the result of the following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Mini
NPerformance(i) 
(r) 
Xth Worst Performance means the Performance(i) element corresponding to rank k = X. 
Performance Redemption has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Permanent Bearer Global Security means a permanent global security in bearer form. 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) 
a "U.S. Person" as defined in Regulation S;  
(b) 
a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 under the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for 
qualified eligible persons who are not Non-United States persons);  
(c) 
a "U.S. Person" as described in the "Interpretative Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance 
with Certain Swap Regulations" promulgated by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or 
(d) 
any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in regulations or guidance adopted under the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as such definition may be amended from time to time. 
Portfolio means a portfolio comprising Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent or, if none, by the Calculation Agent, in either case in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset 
Conditions 3.3. 
Portfolio Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the performance of one or more Portfolio Components. 
Portfolio Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, is calculated by reference to the performance of one or more Portfolio Components. 
Portfolio Linked Security means a Portfolio Linked Interest Security or Portfolio Linked Redemption Security, 
as applicable. 
Physical Settlement Amount has the meaning set out in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions 
relating to ETF Linked Securities) in respect of ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General 
Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities) in respect of Share Linked Securities, Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement) in respect of Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Condition 6 (Definitions) in respect 
of Bond Linked Securities. 
Physical Settlement Underlying means the Physical Settlement Share or the Physical Settlement ETF, depending 
on the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Physical Settlement Underlying Price means the Physical Settlement Share Price or the Physical Settlement ETF 
Price, depending on the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 395 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
395 
 
Preference Share Linked Securities has the meaning set out in Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked Conditions).  
Principal Paying Agent has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Proceedings has the meaning set out in General Condition 23.2 (Submission to jurisdiction). 
Programme means the Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme under which the Issuers may from time 
to time issue Securities. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017, as amended. 
QIB means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
Range, Range1, Range2, Range3, Range4, Range5 and Range6 each means one of the following (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms): 
(a) 
a range being (A) (i) greater than or equal to, or (ii) greater than, or (iii) lower than or equal to, or (iv) 
lower than, the Lower Limit and/or (B) (i) greater than or equal to, or (ii) greater than, or (iii) lower than 
or equal to, or (iv) lower than, the Upper Limit; or 
(b) 
any other range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Underlying means a Commodity, an Index, an FX Rate, an Inflation Index, a Benchmark Rate, an ETF, a 
Share, a Fund Interest, a Future or a Portfolio. 
Range Underlying Value means, with respect to an Observation Date, a Conditional Barrier Date, a Conditional 
Barrier Period or a Relevant Timing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(c) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(d) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(f) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price; 
(h) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of a Range Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Range Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal 
to zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Range Underlying Value 
(if any). 
Rate Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Benchmark Rates. 
Rate Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, is calculated by reference to the level of one or more Benchmark Rates. 
Rate Linked Security means a Rate Linked Interest Security or Rate Linked Redemption Security, as applicable.

--- Page 396 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
396 
 
Rate of Interest means, as the case may be, the rate of interest on any Fixed Rate Security (or, in the case of Italian 
Listed Certificates only, the "Premium") or Floating Rate Security in each case subject to General Condition 4.5 
(Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest and Maximum Rate of Interest), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Receiptholder(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Receipt(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions.  
Record Date has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4(a) (Payments in respect of Registered Securities). 
Redemption Basis means the basis for the calculation of the amount at which the Securities will be redeemed as 
described in General Condition 6.8(b) (Essential Trigger) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature. 
Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and if no such date is specified, 
the latest relevant Observation Date or, in respect of Preference Share Linked Securities, as defined in Annex 11 
(Preference Share Linked Conditions). 
Redemption Determination Date has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Redemption Method Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Redemption Observation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and such date is 
deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an Early 
Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to but 
excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on and including 
the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately 
preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Payoff means the amount determined in accordance with the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or 
the relevant Combination Payoff Conditions. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest bearing Securities) any date for payment of interest under the 
Securities or (in the case of Zero Coupon Securities) any date, in each case specified by the relevant Issuer in the 
notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to General Condition 3.1 and which falls on or after the date on which 
the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union. 
Reference Banks means the principal office of four (4) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each 
case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Entity has the meaning set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions). 
Reference Obligation has the meaning set out in Annex 2 (Credit Linked Conditions). 
Reference Rate means such rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Registered Global Security(ies) means any Rule 144A Global Security or Regulation S Global Security.

--- Page 397 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
397 
 
Registered Security(ies) has the meaning set out in General Condition 1 (Form, Denomination, Title, Transfer). 
Registrar has the meaning set out in the introductory section of the Terms and Conditions. 
Register has the meaning set out in General Condition 5.4(a) (Payments in respect of Registered Securities). 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Security(ies) means a registered global Security(ies) representing Securities sold to non-U.S. 
persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Relevant Benchmark means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Commodity Linked Securities, the Relevant Commodity 
Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(b) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Index Linked Securities, the Relevant Index Benchmark, as 
defined in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(c) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are FX Linked Securities, the Relevant FX Benchmark, as defined 
in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(d) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Inflation Linked Securities, the Relevant Inflation Index 
Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 4 (Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(e) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Rate Linked Securities, the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as 
defined in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); and 
(f) 
in respect of a Series of Securities that are Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities, for each Multi-Asset 
Basket Component that is: 
(i) 
a Commodity, the Relevant Commodity Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 1 (Commodity Linked 
Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(ii) 
an Index, the Relevant Index Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 2 (Index Linked Asset Conditions) 
of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(iii) 
an FX Rate, the Relevant FX Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) 
of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); 
(iv) 
an Inflation Index, the Relevant Inflation Index Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 4 (Inflation 
Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions); and 
(v) 
a Benchmark Rate, the Relevant Rate Benchmark, as defined in Chapter 5 (Rate Linked Asset 
Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Relevant Clearing System means a central depositary or a securities clearing and delivery and payments systems 
operator as listed in Article L. 441-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar non-
French depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a non-cooperative State 
or territory (Etat ou territoire non-coopératif) within the meaning of article 238-0 A of the French Code général 
des impôts and designated as the relevant clearing system in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market means the inter-bank market specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Market Data means, in relation to any determination, any relevant information including, without 
limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third parties 
including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, 
volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or

--- Page 398 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
398 
 
(b) 
information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above from internal sources (including any of the 
Calculation Agent's Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the Calculation Agent for 
adjustments to, or valuations of, similar transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above unless that information is not 
readily available or, if used to make a determination, would produce a result that is not commercially reasonable. 
Third parties supplying market data pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, central 
counterparties, exchanges, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, 
brokers and other recognised sources of market information. 
Relevant Observation means: 
(a) 
with respect to any Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j):  
(i) 
if "Average Underlying Level" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
mean average of the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) on the Relevant Timings;  
(ii) 
if "Minimum Underlying Level" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest of the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) on the Relevant Timings;  
(iii) 
if "Maximum Underlying Level" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the highest of the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) on the Relevant Timings; or  
(iv) 
if "Underlying Performance" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage change in the Underlying Value(i) or Underlying Value(j) between the first Relevant 
Timing and the second Relevant Timing specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent and, as the case may be: 
(i) 
subject to a minimum equal to the Relevant Observation Floor, if a Relevant Observation Floor 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms; and/or 
(ii) 
subject to a maximum equal to the Relevant Observation Cap, if a Relevant Observation Cap is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Timing(s) means each timing (including without limitation any date and/or time and/or other time unit) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and each Relevant Timing will be deemed to be an "Observation 
Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Relevant Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page Time means such other time as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuters service. 
Reset Date has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Rule 144A Global Security means a registered global Security representing Securities sold in the United States or 
to QIBs.  
Rule 144A Security(ies) means Registered Securities (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered 
Global Security) issued by Crédit Agricole CIB sold in private transactions to QIBs, in accordance with the 
requirements of Rule 144A. 
S ("Strike"), S1, S2, S3, S4, S5 and S6 each means the number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
S&P means S&P Rating Services, a division of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.

--- Page 399 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
399 
 
Satisfied Limit Value means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Payment Currency means the Specified Currency (or, in the case of Securities to which the Dual 
Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature applies, the Interest Currency 
or the Redemption Currency, as the case may be). 
Scheduled Payment Currency Cessation Event means that a Scheduled Payment Currency ceases to exist at any 
time as a lawful currency for any reason whatsoever, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
Screen Rate Determination means the manner of determining the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Securities set 
out in General Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities). 
Section 3(c)(7) means Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
Secured Security Conditions means, with respect to Secured Securities, the additional conditions set out at 
Annex 10 (Secured Security Conditions). 
Secured Securities means a Security specified as such in the applicable final terms. 
Securities means any Notes or Certificates issued by any of the Issuers under the Programme, which may be either 
U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Non-U.S. Securities issued by any Issuer. 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Securityholder has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.2 (Title). 
SeDeX Market means the Electronic Securitised Derivatives Market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. 
Selection Date has the meaning set out in Annex 8 (Early Redemption Trigger Conditions). 
Series has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Share has the meaning set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Shared means the Share Price on the relevant Daily Observation Dated (with Share0 = Initial Underlying Value(i)). 
Shareid means the Share Price of the Share i on the relevant Daily Observation Dated (with Sharei0 = Initial 
Underlying Value(i)). 
ShareTRd means the result of the following formula: 
nd×Shared 
Share Linked Interest Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of 
which interest is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Shares. 
Share Linked Redemption Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of which the Early Redemption Amount, the Instalment Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, is calculated by reference to the price of one or more Shares. 
Share Linked Security means a Share Linked Interest Security or Share Linked Redemption Security, as 
applicable. 
Share Price has the meaning set out in Chapter 7 (Share Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, by China Foreign 
Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the authorisation of the People's Bank of 
China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each Business Day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 
3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the rate for the corresponding period.

--- Page 400 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
400 
 
If a Benchmark Rate is specified in the Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the rate determined by the 
relevant Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch (or, if one is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent instead of the relevant Issuer acting by and through its Hong Kong Branch) on the following 
basis: 
(a) 
If, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date or the Redemption 
Determination Date (as the case may be), a relevant SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then 
the relevant SHIBOR will be that rate; and for the purposes of these Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR 
means SHIBOR in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
If for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest Determination Date 
or Redemption Determination Date (as the case may be), the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business 
day immediately preceding that Interest Determination Date or Redemption Determination Date (as the 
case may be) shall be applied in place thereof. 
Specified Currency means, subject to General Condition 5.7 (Payment in case of Currency Unavailability), the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination means the specified denomination set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Public Source means each source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such source 
is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and successor publications, the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the administrator 
or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark is incorporated or organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Stabilisation Manager(s) means entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Standard Interest Payoff means the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with the relevant chapter of 
Part A of the Standard Payoff Conditions. 
Standard Interest Payoffx means any of Standard Interest Payoff1, Standard Interest Payoff2, Standard Interest 
Payoff3, Standard Interest Payoff4, Standard Interest Payoff5, Standard Interest Payoff6, Standard Interest Payoff7, 
Standard Interest Payoff8 or Standard Interest Payoff9 (as such terms are defined in the relevant Combination Payoff 
Condition, as applicable). 
Standard Payoff Conditions means the terms and conditions in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions). 
Standard Redemption has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Standard Redemption Payoff has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Standard Redemption Payoffx means any of Standard Redemption Payoff1, Standard Redemption Payoff2, 
Standard Redemption Payoff3, Standard Redemption Payoff4, Standard Redemption Payoff5, Standard Redemption 
Payoff6, Standard Redemption Payoff7 or Standard Redemption Payoff8 (as such terms are defined in the relevant 
Combination Payoff Condition, as applicable). 
Substituted Debtor has the meaning set out in General Condition 17.1 (Conditions Precedent to Substitution). 
Substitution Currency means, in accordance with General Conditions 5.7 (Payment in case of Currency 
Unavailability), the currency selected by the Calculation Agent in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
as being appropriate for the Securities, taking into account market conditions and liquidity in the inter-bank market 
for exchanges with the Specified Currency, provided that the Substitution Currency shall be one of euro (or any 
successor) or the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom, Australia or the United States. 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one (1) cent. 
Swedish CSD has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 401 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
401 
 
Swedish CSD Rules has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Swedish Issuing Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Swedish Securities has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
t means an integer number corresponding to the relevant Observation Date, Observation Period, Interest Payment 
Date, Interest Accrual Period or Early Redemption Date, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Talon(s) has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
T2 has the meaning as set out in the definition of "Business Day". 
T2 Settlement Day has the meaning as set out in the definition of "Business Day".  
Temporary Bearer Global Security means the form of temporary global security in which each Tranche of Bearer 
Securities will initially be issued. 
Terms and Conditions means, with respect to any Security, the General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions, 
the applicable Asset Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions, the Bond Linked Conditions, the Alternative 
Currency Conditions, the Standard Payoff Conditions, the Combination Payoff Conditions, the Payoff Feature 
Conditions, the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the Redemption Method Conditions, the Secured Security 
Conditions and the Preference Share Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
Threshold means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Total Return Performance(d-1,d) means one of the following options: 
(a) 
if "Option 1: Index" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
IndexTRd
IndexTRd-1
  
(b) 
if "Option 2: Share" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
ShareTRd
ShareTRd-1
  
(c) 
if "Option 3: Basket of Shares" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
BasketTRd
BasketTRd-1
  
Tranche has the meaning set out in the introductory section to the Terms and Conditions. 
Transfer Agent means CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch and/or any additional or successor transfer agents 
appointed under the Agency Agreement from time to time. 
Transfer Certificate has the meaning set out in General Condition 1.3(g) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S 
Global Securities). 
Treaty means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
Underlying means any Commodity, Index, FX Rate, Inflation Index, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest, 
Future or Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying(i) means each Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(i) together will constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each 
as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions).

--- Page 402 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
402 
 
Underlying(j) means each Underlying corresponding to an j, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlying(j) together will constitute a Basket or Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each 
as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingx, Underlyingy, or Underlyingz means any Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Underlyingx, Underlyingy and (if applicable) Underlyingz together 
constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to any relevant Observation Date or Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an FX rate, the relevant exchange rate; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price; 
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive or negative value or be equal to zero (0) and 
will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Value(i) means the Underlying Value of the Underlying(i). 
Underlying Value(j) means the Underlying Value of the Underlying(j). 
Underlying Value1i means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(i) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any Scheduled Trading 
Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value1i is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value(i) determined in 
accordance with the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Value2i means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(i) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any Scheduled Trading 
Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value2i is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value(i) determined in 
accordance the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Valueti means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(i) on the relevant Observation Date corresponding to t, at any time or on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period corresponding to t, or (c) where Underlying Valueti 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value(i) determined in accordance with the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Value1j means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(j) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any Scheduled Trading 
Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value1j is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value(j) determined in 
accordance with the applicable Relevant Observation.

--- Page 403 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
403 
 
Underlying Value2j means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(j) on the relevant Observation Date, at any time or on any Scheduled Trading 
Day during the relevant Observation Period, or (c) where Underlying Value2j is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value(j) determined in 
accordance the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Valuetj means (a) the level, percentage, number, price or amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (b) the Underlying Value(j) on the relevant Observation Date corresponding to t, at any time or on any 
Scheduled Trading Day during the relevant Observation Period corresponding to t, or (c) where Underlying Valuetj 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value(j) determined in accordance with the applicable Relevant Observation. 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying or Underlying(i); or  
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or  
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or  
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy;  
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or  
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula (Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy. 
Unsatisfied Limit Value means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Limit means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Sunday, Saturday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income department of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purpose of trading in U.S. government securities. 
U.S. person has the meaning given to it by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
U.S. Securities means any Securities indicated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Weight(i) means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
the relevant Underlying(i); for the avoidance of doubt, such Weight(i) may have a positive or negative value or, in 
the case of a number, be higher than or equal to one (1). 
Weight(j) means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
the relevant Underlying(j); for the avoidance of doubt, such Weight(j) may have a positive or negative value or, in 
the case of a number, be higher than or equal to one (1).

--- Page 404 ---
Definitions Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
404 
 
Weight(k) means, in respect of the Rainbow Performance, the weighting (percentage or number) specified for the 
rank k, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, such Weight(k) may have a 
positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be higher than or equal to one (1). 
WithholdingRated means the withholding rate applied to the gross dividend paid by the Share on the relevant Daily 
Observation Dated expressed as a percentage. 
WithholdingRateid means the withholding rate applied to the gross dividend paid by the Share i on the relevant 
Daily Observation Dated expressed as a percentage. 
X means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Reference Price means an amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Security means a Security specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 405 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
405 
 
ANNEX 1 – ASSET CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions for Securities linked to one or more particular 
asset classes as specified in the Final Terms and form part of the Additional Conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Linked Interest Securities or Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the 
General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions, the Definitions Conditions and 
the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Asset Conditions) that shall apply to Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Asset Conditions is applicable. These Asset Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Asset Conditions are set out as follows: 
Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Index Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2 
FX Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3 
Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4 
Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5 
ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6 
Share Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7 
Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8 
Future Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9 
Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions  
Chapter 10 
Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11

--- Page 406 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
406 
 
Chapter 1: Asset Conditions: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Commodity Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Commodity Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that Commodity Linked Interest Securities or Commodity Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. 
These Commodity Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions to a Commodity Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause 
of these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Commodity Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Commodity Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the Commodity Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount.  
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions. 
Affiliate has the meaning given to it in the Definitions. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of a Commodity Linked Security where the Commodity Reference Price is used to 
determine an Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" 
shall apply, each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant 
Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Commodity 
Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket means a basket containing the Commodities (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Commodities or Commodity mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked Asset 
Conditions, the commodity (or commodities) or Futures Contract on a commodity (or commodities) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly and for the avoidance of doubt, 
each of climatic variables, freight rates and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of these 
Commodity Linked Asset Conditions and specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 407 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
407 
 
Commodity Business Day means: 
(a) 
where the Commodity Reference Price is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but 
for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on which that Exchange is open 
for trading during its regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time; 
(b) 
in any other case, a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence 
of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price. 
Commodity Determination Date has the meaning set out in Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 
(Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Commodity Reference Dealers means that the price for a date will be determined on the basis of quotations 
provided by Reference Dealers on that date of that day's Specified Price for a unit of the relevant Commodity for 
delivery on the Delivery Date, if applicable. If four quotations are provided as requested, the price for that date will 
be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer, without 
regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three quotations are provided as 
requested, the price for that date will be the Specified Price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer that remains 
after disregarding the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation has the same highest value and lowest value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be 
disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the price for the date cannot be 
determined. 
Commodity Reference Price means, in respect of any Commodity and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the price (A) determined by the Commodity Reference Dealers or (B) defined by specifying in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if that Commodity Reference Price is a price announced or published by an Exchange, (i) the relevant 
Commodity (including, if relevant, the type or grade of that Commodity, the location of delivery and any 
other details); (ii) the relevant Unit; (iii) the relevant Exchange; (iv) the Specified Price expressed in the 
relevant currency and (v) if applicable, the Delivery Date, in which case the price for an Observation Date 
will be that day's Specified Price per Unit of that Commodity on that Exchange and, if applicable, for 
delivery on that Delivery Date, stated in that currency, as announced or published by that Exchange on 
that Observation Date; and 
(b) 
if that Commodity Reference Price is not a price announced or published by an Exchange, (i) the relevant 
Commodity (including, if relevant, the type or grade of that Commodity, the location of delivery and any 
other details); (ii) the relevant Unit; (iii) the relevant Price Source; (iv) the Specified Price expressed in 
the relevant currency and (v) if applicable, the Delivery Date, in which case the price for an Observation 
Date will be that day's Specified Price per Unit of that Commodity and, if applicable, for delivery on that 
Delivery Date, stated in that currency, published (or shown) in the issue of that Price Source that reports 
prices effective on that Observation Date. 
Correction Cut-Off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the Nearby Month of 
 
expiration of the relevant
Futures
 
Contract or the relevant date or month for delivery of the relevant Commodity
 
(which must be a date or 
month reported or capable of being determined from
 
information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as 
follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date or that month and 
year; and 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration of the relevant 
Futures Contract.

--- Page 408 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
408 
 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price means 
(a) 
the permanent discontinuation of trading in any relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; 
(b) 
the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; 
(c) 
the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, 
notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures 
Contract or Commodity; or 
(d) 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Commodity (or, in the case of a Basket of Commodities, in respect of any 
Commodity comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Commodity Business Day on which (A) the 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (B) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the last Commodity 
Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for such Commodity 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Futures Contract means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price and an Observation Date, a contract for 
future delivery of a contract size of the Commodity referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that: 
(a) 
if a particular date or month is specified as the Delivery Date in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Futures Contract will be the Futures Contract providing for delivery on that date or month; 
(b) 
if First Nearby Month, Second Nearby Month etc. is specified as the Delivery Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Futures Contract will be accordingly the first Futures Contract, the second Futures 
Contract etc. to expire on or following the relevant Observation Date; 
(c) 
if the Observation Date falls within the notice period for delivery of a Commodity under such Futures 
Contract (in accordance with the terms of such Futures Contract), then the relevant Futures Contract will 
be the second Futures Contract to expire on or following the relevant Observation Date. 
Material Change in Content means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the content, 
composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract. 
Material Change in Formula means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the formula for 
or method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means five (5) Commodity Business Days or such other number of Commodity 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Nearby Month, when preceded by an ordinal adjective, means, in respect of a date, the month of expiration of 
ied by that ordinal adjective
the Futures Contract identif
, so that: (i) First Nearby Month means the month of 
expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that date; (ii) Second Nearby Month means the month 
of expiration of 
ing that date
the second Futures Contract to expire follow
; and, for example, (iii )Sixth Nearby 
Month means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that date. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Commodity Business 
Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Commodity Business

--- Page 409 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
409 
 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions of Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted 
Days) below shall apply. 
Price Source means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or 
reporting) the Relevant Price (or prices from which the Relevant Price is calculated) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the relevant Commodity Reference Price. 
Price Source Disruption means: 
(a) 
the failure of the relevant Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information 
necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
(c) 
if the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three 
quotations as requested from the relevant Reference Dealers; or 
(d) 
if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in accordance with the 
Commodity Reference Price "Commodity Reference Dealers" by such Price Materiality Percentage. 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity for which the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity 
Reference Dealers", the four dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four 
leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
a Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred 
to in the Commodity Reference Price); or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Commodity Benchmark" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of an Observation Date, the price, expressed as a price per Unit, determined with 
respect to that Observation Date for the specified Commodity Reference Price. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, 
would have been an Observation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a 
price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source) 
(and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low price; (C) the average of the high 
price and the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the 
average of the bid price and the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official settlement price; (K) the official 
price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the fixing; or (O) the spot price, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Tax Disruption means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant Commodity or 
Futures Contract (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government 
or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or 
lower the Relevant Price on the day on which the Commodity Reference Price would otherwise be determined from 
what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 410 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
410 
 
Trading Disruption means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the Futures 
Contract or the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract 
or commodity on any Exchange. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on any Commodity Business 
Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in such Futures Contract or Commodity is suspended for the entire Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
all trading in such Futures Contract or Commodity is suspended subsequent to the opening of 
trading on the Observation Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled 
close of trading in such Futures Contract or such Commodity on such Observation Date and such 
suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the Futures Contract or the relevant Commodity on any Commodity Business 
Day shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within 
which the price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity may fluctuate and the closing or settlement 
price of the Futures Contract or the Commodity on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
Unit means, in respect of Commodity, the unit of measure of the relevant Commodity, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events 
Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity, any of the following events as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Trading Disruption; 
(c) 
Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; 
(d) 
Material Change in Formula; 
(e) 
Material Change in Content; or 
(f) 
Tax Disruption. 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
3.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
If, in the case of Commodity Linked Securities relating to a single Commodity, an Observation Date is a 
Disrupted Day, then the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the next Commodity 
Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day (the Commodity Determination Date), unless each 
consecutive Commodity Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case (A) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the Relevant Price for such Observation Date; 
or

--- Page 411 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
411 
 
(ii) 
determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a Relevant Price) for such day, taking 
into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and 
any other information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
(b) 
If, in the case of Commodity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Commodities, an Observation Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Common Pricing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, no date will be 
an Observation Date unless such date is a day on which all referenced Commodity Reference 
Prices (for which such date would otherwise be an Observation Date) are published or announced; 
or 
(ii) 
if "Common Pricing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be not applicable, (1) for each 
Commodity not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation Date shall be the 
Scheduled Observation Date; and (2) for each Commodity affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day (each an Affected Commodity), the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the 
Commodity Determination Date relating to such Affected Commodity, unless each 
consecutive Commodity Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Commodity, in which case (I) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Commodity 
and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine for such day, in good faith, the fair market 
value of the relevant Affected Commodity; in case of multiple Affected Commodities, 
the latest Commodity Determination Date will be the Commodity Determination Date 
for the purpose of Commodity Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; or 
(B) 
determine the Relevant Price (or a method for determining a Relevant Price) for the 
Relevant Affected Commodity, taking into consideration the latest available quotation 
for the relevant Commodity Reference Price and any other information that in good faith 
it deems relevant. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Relevant Price in accordance with 
Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) or Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) above, as the 
case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and determine the date(s) on which 
any such adjustments will be effective; in making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent 
may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be made to a commodity 
derivative transaction in the interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where 
the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the 
Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 412 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
412 
 
(e) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any Observation Date. Such 
notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation 
Agent in relation thereto. 
3.3 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" 
in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes 
of determining the relevant Commodity Reference Price, and if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Commodity Linked Asset 
Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging 
Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were an Observation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant Commodity; 
or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, the Averaging Date for each Commodity not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as an 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any 
Commodity affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Commodity Business Day in relation to such Commodity that is not a Disrupted Day in relation 
to such Commodity and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding Commodity Business Day has 
not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already 
an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding Commodity Business Day has 
not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already 
an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2. 
3.4 
Correction to Published Prices 
(a) 
For purposes of determining or calculating the Relevant Price for any day, if "Correction of Commodity 
Prices" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable and the price published or announced 
on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Relevant Price in respect 
of that day is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Relevant Price) is published or 
announced by the person responsible for that publication or announcement prior to the relevant Correction 
Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, shall 
determine what, if any, adjustments to make to the Relevant Price for that day, using such corrected price. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Corrected Relevant Price published on or after the relevant Correction

--- Page 413 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
413 
 
Cut-Off Date shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply.  
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant Issuer of any such correction, the revised Relevant Price 
and, if any amount (the Actual Amount) has been paid to Securityholders on the basis of the original 
Relevant Price, the amount that should have been paid or delivered to the Securityholders on the basis of 
the corrected Relevant Price (the Adjusted Amount). Upon being notified of the Adjusted Amount, the 
relevant Issuer may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action as it considers necessary or appropriate 
to either pay additional amounts (if the Adjusted Amount is greater than the Actual Amount) or recover 
amounts (if the Adjusted Amount is less than the Actual Amount) from the person to whom the Actual 
Amounts were paid (including, for the purposes of recoveries by the relevant Issuer, by deducting from 
each Interest Amount payable on the next following Interest Payment Date (if any) an amount equal to 
each Security's pro rata share of an amount equal to the Actual Amount minus the Adjustment Amount, 
provided that each Interest Amount shall be subject to a minimum of zero). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
under no circumstances shall the relevant Issuer be obligated to recover any moneys from any Relevant 
Clearing System. The Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make any determination under this 
paragraph (b) and shall have no liability to any person for any determination made or not made under this 
paragraph (b). 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, determines that the 
price published or announced on a given day and used or to be used by it to determine the Relevant Price 
in respect of that day is expected to be subsequently corrected, then the Calculation Agent may, in its sole 
discretion, delay the determination or calculation of the Relevant Price in respect of such day and instead 
notify the relevant Issuer of the expected correction. If the Calculation Agent notifies the relevant Issuer 
of an expected correction to a Relevant Price, the relevant Issuer shall not make any payments until the 
Calculation Agent determines or calculates the correct Relevant Price and the day on which such payments 
are due shall be delayed to the same extent as was the determination or calculation of the correct Relevant 
Price. No additional amounts shall be payable as a result of any such delay. 
3.5 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, 
in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, on 
or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become 
illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose 
of relevant hedge positions relating to a Commodity or Futures Contract or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge 
positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Commodity or Futures Contract) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including 
but not limited to the currency risk and the commodity price risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, 
(if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with

--- Page 414 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 1: Commodity Linked Asset Conditions 
 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
414 
 
respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, commodity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate 
in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all 
but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3.6 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Commodity Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.6, the 
relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 415 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
415 
 
Chapter 2: Asset Conditions: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Index Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Index Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that Index Linked Interest Securities or Index Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These Index Linked 
Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Index Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Index Linked Asset Conditions to an Index Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these 
Index Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Index Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Index Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the Index Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions Conditions. 
Affiliate has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of an Index Linked Security where the Index Level is used to determine an Underlying 
Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed 
Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket means a basket containing the Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relative proportions as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified as such for each Component Security of the Index in the 
Final Terms or any successor to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Final Terms 
does not specify a Clearance System, the Clearance System will be the principal domestic clearance system 
customarily used for settling trades in the relevant Component Security. If the Clearance System ceases to settle 
trades in such Component Security, the Calculation Agent will determine what is deemed to be the relevant 
Clearance System.

--- Page 416 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
416 
 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
Component Security means, in respect of an Index, each component security of the Index. 
Custom Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, an index 
specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and Custom Indices and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Equity Indices, in respect of any Equity Index 
comprising the Basket and observed separately): 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
Scheduled Trading Day related to such Equity Index on which: (A) a relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (B) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Scheduled 
Trading Day related to such Equity Index on which: (A) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the 
level of the Equity Index; (B) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or (C) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Custom Indices, in respect of any Custom 
Index comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled Trading 
Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Equity Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, an index that 
is not specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and Equity Indices and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Exchange means, in respect of an Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising such Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); and 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Component Security of the Index, the exchange or quotation system on which such Component Security 
is mainly traded. 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (ii) the 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day 
is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall be deemed 
to apply for a Basket of Indices and Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) shall apply otherwise.

--- Page 417 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
417 
 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means in respect of all Indices comprised in a Basket 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms for an Index, each 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for an Index, each 
Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions in respect of the Index to which Multiple Exchange is specified as being not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index to which Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms (A) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index; and (B) each Related 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Index, 
notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means in respect of any Index comprised in a Basket: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms for such Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Index 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for such Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index; and (ii) the 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means in respect of an Index 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which: (i) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Index; and (ii) the relevant Related 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Index, notwithstanding 
such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Asset Conditions, an Equity Index or a 
Custom Index and Indices and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Index Determination Date has the meaning set out in Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the 
occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Index Level means, in respect of an Index and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the level of such Index published 
by the Index Sponsor at the Valuation Time on that Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to 
the provisions of Index Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to Index Linked Securities) below unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market conventions, such method of determining the Index 
Level is not appropriate in which case the Index Level shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation 
Agent, having regard to such market conventions.

--- Page 418 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
418 
 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and 
reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index 
and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions of Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted 
Days) below shall apply. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index. 
Relevant Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
an Index; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index Benchmark" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and an Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) 
or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading 
Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification 
is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply for a Basket of Indices 
and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, any day on which the conditions in (b) and, as the case may be, (c) below, 
are met in respect of all Indices included in the Basket; 
(b) 
in respect of any Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each such Equity Index are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; and

--- Page 419 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
419 
 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any day on 
which: (A) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Equity Index; and (B) each 
Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session; and 
(c) 
in respect of a Custom Index, any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the Index Sponsor 
is scheduled to publish the level of the Custom Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Equity Index are scheduled 
to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any day on 
which: (A) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Equity Index; and (B) the 
Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session; and  
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index, any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the Index Sponsor 
is scheduled to publish the level of such Custom Index. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Equity Index are scheduled 
to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any day on 
which: (A) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Equity Index; and (B) the 
Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index, any day on, or, as the case may be, in respect of, which the Index Sponsor 
is scheduled to publish the level of such Custom Index. 
Settlement Cycle means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in the shares underlying 
of the Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange 
(or if there are Multiple Exchanges in respect of an Index, the longest such period). 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of a Component Security, an event beyond the control of the Issuer 
as a result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Component Security. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Time means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Equity Index to be valued: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant date, provided that if the relevant 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be 
such actual closing time; 
(B) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any time from 
the opening time for the regular trading session for the relevant Exchange or related

--- Page 420 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
420 
 
Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that Exchange or Related Exchange on the 
relevant date; or 
(C) 
if "Closing/Intraday – SIV" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant date, provided 
that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; and provided further that solely in 
relation to the determination of any value as specified in the Final Terms (a Specified 
Intraday Value), Valuation Time shall mean any time from the opening time for the 
regular trading session for the relevant Exchange or related Exchange to the Scheduled 
Closing Time for that Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant date; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (A) 
in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (B) in respect of any options contracts or future 
contracts on the Equity Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and 
(B) 
in all other circumstances: 
(I) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the time 
at which the official closing level of the Equity Index is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor on the relevant date; 
(II) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any 
time at which the level of the Equity Index is calculated and published by the 
Index Sponsor from the opening time for the regular trading session for the 
relevant Exchange or related Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that 
Exchange or Related Exchange on the relevant date; or 
(III) 
if "Closing/Intraday – SIV" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
applicable, the time at which the official closing level of the Equity Index is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor on the relevant date; provided 
that solely in relation to the determination of any Specified Intraday Value, 
Valuation Time shall mean any time at which the level of the Equity Index is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor from the opening time for the 
regular trading session for the relevant Exchange or related Exchange to the 
Scheduled Closing Time for that Exchange or Related Exchange on the 
relevant date; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Custom Index, the time at which the Index Sponsor calculates and publishes the official 
closing level of such Custom Index; or 
(c) 
the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 421 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
421 
 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Early Closure means, in respect of an Equity Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day with respect to such Equity Index of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Equity Index or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the closure on any 
Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange 
Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Index: 
(a) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) 
in Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Equity Index, or 
(ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Equity Index on any relevant Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security 
on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the 
Equity Index on the Related Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to (i) if Multiple Exchange 
is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Equity Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (ii) if Multiple Exchange is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Equity Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Equity Index: 
(i) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (B) an 
Exchange Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure; for the purposes

--- Page 422 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
422 
 
of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market Disruption 
Event occurs in respect of a Component Security included in such Equity Index at any time, then 
the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Equity Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (I) the portion of the level of such Equity Index attributable to 
that Component Security and (II) the overall level of the Equity Index, in each case immediately 
before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event; or 
(ii) 
if Multiple Exchange is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
(I) the occurrence or existence in respect of any Component Security of (1) a Trading 
Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded, (2) an Exchange Disruption which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, or (3) an Early Closure and (II) the aggregate 
of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange 
Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the Equity Index; or 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the 
Equity Index, of: (I) a Trading Disruption which the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in 
respect of the Related Exchange; (II) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (III) an Early Closure, 
and for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Security included in such Equity 
Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the 
level of such Equity Index shall be based on a comparison of (I) the portion of the level of such 
Equity attributable to that Component Security and (II) the overall level of the Equity Index, in 
each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the 
market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Custom Index, the failure by the Index Sponsor to calculate and publish the level of the 
Custom Index on any Scheduled Trading Day or in respect of such Scheduled Trading Day within the 
scheduled timeframe for publication. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
(i) 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, the Calculation Agent 
will postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the first 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Index 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date, in the 
case of an Equity Index, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
the Equity Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disruption Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Disruption 
Longstop Date of each security comprised in the Equity Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Disruption 
Longstop Date, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security as of the

--- Page 423 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
423 
 
Valuation Time on that Disruption Longstop Date) or, in the case of a Custom Index, in 
accordance with the rules governing the Custom Index; and 
(B) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices: 
(I) 
for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(II) 
for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected 
Index), the Calculation Agent will postpone the Observation Date, in which 
case the Observation Date shall be the Index Determination Date relating to 
such Affected Index, unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such 
Affected Index, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be 
deemed to be the Observation Date for the relevant Affected Index, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the relevant Affected Index as 
of the Valuation Time on the Disruption Longstop Date, in the case of an Equity 
Index, in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Affected Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the 
Disruption Longstop Date of each security comprised in the Affected Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on the Disruption Longstop Date, its good faith estimate of the value 
of the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that Disruption Longstop 
Date) or, in the case of a Custom Index, in accordance with the rules governing 
the Custom Index; in case of multiple Affected Indices, the latest Index 
Determination Date will be the Index Determination Date for the purpose of 
Index Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the level of the Index in accordance 
with Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i)(A) or Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i)(B) 
above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, account for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine the date(s) 
on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be 
made to an index derivative transaction in the market following the relevant event 
occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an 
Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action 
proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto.

--- Page 424 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
424 
 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant Index Level, and if through the operation of this provision 
no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Index Linked 
Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on 
the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date for the relevant Index; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Indices, the Averaging Date for each Index not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the Averaging 
Date for any Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in relation to such Index that is not a Disrupted Day 
in relation to such Index and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Index Adjustments 
(a) 
Successor Index / Sponsor 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the 
Successor Index) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index and Administrator/Benchmark Event

--- Page 425 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
425 
 
(i) 
If: 
(A) 
on or prior to an Observation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that 
it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in 
constituent securities and capitalisation and other routine events) (an Index 
Modification), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an Index Cancellation); 
(B) 
on any Observation Date, the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant 
Index (an Index Disruption); or 
(C) 
on or prior to any Observation Date, an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs 
(together with an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation and an Index Disruption, 
each an Index Adjustment Event), 
(ii) 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
determine to substitute the Index with a Substitution Index, where a Substitution Index 
means in relation to the Index affected by an Index Adjustment Event and at the 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, an index whose principal terms are equivalent to 
those of the affected Index. Principal terms of an index include its strategy, its currency, 
the periodicity of its calculation and of the publication of its level, the type of its 
underlying assets, its geographic and economic zone or its rules; or 
(B) 
determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, if 
so, shall calculate the relevant level of the Index, using, in lieu of a published level for 
that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Observation Date, 
as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure 
or cancellation, but using only those Component Securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(C) 
calculate, on a date it has determined in a reasonable amount of time after the occurrence 
of an Index Adjustment Event (the Security Amount Determination Date), the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount of the Security in its sole and absolute discretion 
and, the relevant Issuer shall, upon giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each 
Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to lower of (I) the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount as at the Security Amount Determination Date and (II) the 
principal amount of the Security as at the Security Amount Determination Date. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders, upon 
request, in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any determination made 
by it pursuant to this paragraph (b) and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such Agent 
shall make available for inspection by Securityholders, upon request, copies of any such determinations. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Correction of the level of the Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Exchange Business Days prior to 
the due date for any payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the level of an Index, in the event that 
any price or level published by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any calculation or determination made in

--- Page 426 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
426 
 
respect of the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the Index Sponsor within one 
Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will determine whether any relevant 
adjustments need to be made to the Securities to account for such correction and, to the extent necessary, will adjust 
the terms of the Securities to reflect such correction.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.4 
Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend Disruption 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Component Securities or relevant hedge 
positions relating to an Index or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions, or (ii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to an Index) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price risk of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Dividend Disruption means, unless Dividend Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, any of the following events in respect of a gross cash dividend declared by the issuer of a 
Component Security in a relevant Index to holders of record for such Component Security (a Declared 
Dividend):

--- Page 427 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 2: Index Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
427 
 
(a) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such issuer of the Component Security to the holders of 
record of the Component Security (notwithstanding that such payment is made to either any 
relevant taxing authority or holders of record) is not equal to the Declared Dividend (a Dividend 
Mismatch); 
(b) 
the issuer of the Component Security fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of that 
Declared Dividend by the third Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant due date (a 
Dividend Nonpayment); or 
(c) 
the issuer of the Component Security notifies all holders of record of the relevant Component 
Security that the Declared Dividend will no longer be paid (a Dividend Cancellation). 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if 
an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer may in its sole and 
absolute discretion: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
3.5 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Index Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Index Linked Asset Condition 3.5 (Other 
Events), the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 428 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
428 
 
Chapter 3: Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are FX Linked Securities or to which the Dual 
Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature or Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature applies. 
The following terms and conditions (the FX Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that FX Linked Interest Securities or FX Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These FX Linked Asset 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these FX Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these FX Linked Asset Conditions to an FX Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these FX 
Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
FX LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these FX Linked Asset Conditions, if the determination 
of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of FX Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the Final Redemption Amount, 
(II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case of FX Linked 
Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
or, if applicable, an Unscheduled Holiday, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the FX Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount.  
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of an FX Linked Security where the relevant rate of exchange is used to determine an 
Underlying Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, 
each deemed Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant 
Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last FX Business 
Day in the sequence of consecutive FX Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have 
been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Affected FX Rate has the meaning set out in FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) (Consequences of Market 
Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays). 
Base Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Reference 
Currency. 
Basket means a basket containing the FX Rates (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Obligation(s) means the obligation(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a 
Reference Currency. 
Benchmark Obligation Default means, unless Benchmark Obligation Default is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, with respect to any Benchmark Obligation, the occurrence of a default, event of default or

--- Page 429 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
429 
 
other similar condition or event (however described) including, but not limited to, (a) the failure of timely payment 
in full of any principal, interest or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) in 
respect of such Benchmark Obligation, (b) a declared moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or 
rescheduling of any principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, or (c) the 
amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any principal, interest or other amounts due 
in respect of such Benchmark Obligation without the consent of all holders of such Benchmark Obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event shall 
be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant entity to issue or enter 
into such Benchmark Obligation. 
Cross Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means any day on which a Market Disruption Event or (if "Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is continuing. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or (if "Unscheduled 
Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday, the last FX 
Business Day in the sequence of consecutive FX Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Dual Exchange Rate means, unless Dual Exchange Rate is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of an FX Rate, any currency exchange rate for such FX Rate is split into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
Event Currency means, with respect to an FX Rate, any currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such a currency is not specified, the Reference Currency. 
Event Currency Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which the Event Currency 
is the lawful currency. 
First FX Element means the exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, which is either: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and observed by the Calculation Agent on the FX Price 
Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the applicable day and by reference to the 
Specified Rate; or 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based on any 
price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price Source is 
specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in the applicable Final 
Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the applicable day. 
FX Business Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, any day on which the relevant FX Price Source would, in the 
ordinary course, publish or announce the relevant FX Rate or, if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in the place from which the Calculation Agent determines the FX Rate. 
FX Determination Date has the meaning set out in FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of Market 
Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays). 
FX Rate means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these FX Linked Asset Conditions and subject also to 
the provisions of FX Linked Asset Conditions 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3 (if applicable), in respect of any relevant day or time 
and a Reference Currency:  
(a) 
if "Cross Rate Methodology" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the exchange 
rate of one currency for another currency derived by: 
(i) 
(if "Multiplied" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate Methodology in the applicable Final 
Terms) multiplying the First FX Element by the Second FX Element; or

--- Page 430 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
430 
 
(ii) 
(if "Divided" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate Methodology in the applicable Final 
Terms), dividing the First FX Element by the Second FX Element; or 
(b) 
if "Cross Rate Methodology" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
exchange rate of one currency for another currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference 
Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Base Currency, which is either: 
(i) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and observed by the Calculation Agent on the FX Price 
Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day and by reference to the 
Specified Rate; or 
(ii) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based 
on any price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price 
Source is specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in 
the applicable Final Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day. 
FX Price Source means, in respect of an FX Rate, any price source specified in FX Linked Asset Conditions 6.1, 
6.2 or 6.3 (if applicable) or in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be) in respect of the Base Currency and 
the Reference Currency for such FX Rate or, if the relevant rate is not published or announced by such FX Price 
Source at the relevant time, the successor or alternative price source or page/publication for the relevant rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
General Inconvertibility means, unless General Inconvertibility is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert an Event Currency into the 
relating Non-Event Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
General Non-Transferability means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless General Non-Transferability is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible to deliver (a) the relating Non-Event Currency from accounts inside an Event Currency Jurisdiction to 
accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (b) the Event Currency between accounts inside the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority means, any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority Default means, unless Governmental Authority Default is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, with respect to any security or indebtedness for borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, 
any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event 
(however described) including, but not limited to, (a) the failure of timely payment in full of any nominal, interest 
or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) in respect of any such security, 
indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee, (b) a declared moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation 
or rescheduling of any nominal, interest or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money or guarantee, or (c) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
nominal, interest or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or 
guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The determination of the existence or occurrence 
of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or 
alleged lack of authority or capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, 
indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee. 
Illiquidity means, unless Illiquidity is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an FX 
Rate, it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of such FX Rate for the Minimum Amount (either in one 
transaction or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, total the Minimum 
Amount) on the relevant Observation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Observation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source) or by such other date (the Illiquidity 
Valuation Date) as is specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. If an Illiquidity Valuation Date is

--- Page 431 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
431 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and Illiquidity occurs on such date, then the Illiquidity Valuation Date will 
be deemed to be the relevant Observation Date for the Securities. 
Material Change in Circumstances means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Material Change in 
Circumstances is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence 
of any event (other than the other events set out in the definition of Market Disruption Event or (if "Unscheduled 
Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday) in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the relevant Issuer which makes it impossible (a) for the relevant Issuer 
to fulfil its obligations under the Securities, and (b) generally to fulfil obligations similar to the relevant Issuer's 
obligations under the Securities. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means five (5) FX Business Days or such other number of FX Business Days as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Amount means, in respect of an FX Rate, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such an amount is not specified, (a) for purposes of the definition of Illiquidity, an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time (as determined by the Calculation Agent) and (b) 
for purposes of the definition of Specific Inconvertibility, the Event Currency equivalent of U.S.$ 1.00. 
Nationalisation means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Nationalisation is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives the relevant Issuer of all or substantially all of its assets in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction. 
Non-Event Currency means, with respect to an Event Currency, any currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Preceding Business Day Convention (or such other Business Day Convention as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms). If a Market Disruption Event or (if "Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms) an Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is occurring on such date and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Observation Date shall instead occur on the immediately following FX Business 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, an Unscheduled 
Holiday occurs or is continuing on such FX Business Day, in which case the provisions of FX Linked Asset 
Condition 3.2 (Consequences of Market Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays) below shall apply. For the 
purpose of this paragraph, all references to "Business Day" in the definition of "Business Day Convention" shall be 
read as "FX Business Day". 
Price Materiality means, in respect of the FX Rate, unless Price Materiality is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price Materiality 
Percentage, provided both the Primary Rate and Secondary Rate are available. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, unless Price Source Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) in respect of an FX Rate and a relevant date, it becomes impossible to obtain such FX Rate on such 
date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such relevant date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant price source) or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs. 
Primary Rate means, in respect of each Reference Currency, the FX Rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Reference Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant FX Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
each FX Rate; or

--- Page 432 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
432 
 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark, rate or price source specified as a "Relevant FX Benchmark" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Repudiation means that, in respect of a Security, (a) for the purposes of the definition of Benchmark Obligation 
Default, the relevant Issuer of or any party to, as the case may be, the relevant Benchmark Obligation disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of the Benchmark Obligation in any 
material respect, and (b) for purposes of the definition of Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity 
of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee of such Governmental Authority in any material 
respect. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event 
or, if applicable, an Unscheduled Holiday, would have been an Observation Date. 
Second FX Element means (i) if "Multiplied" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate Methodology in the 
applicable Final Terms, the exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per unit of the Cross Currency or (ii) if "Divided" is specified in respect of the Cross Rate 
Methodology in the applicable Final Terms, the exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency 
(or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the Reference Currency, which is in each case either: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and observed by the Calculation Agent on the FX Price 
Source at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day and by reference to the Specified 
Rate; or 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based on any 
price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price Source is 
specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in the applicable Final 
Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on such day. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of each Reference Currency, (a) the FX Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or (b) if no such rate is so specified, the FX Rate for an Observation Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, expressed as the amount of the Event Currency per one unit of Non-Event Currency, in a legal 
and customary wholesale market in which there is no government authority controls or interference except where 
such involvement of any such government authority is solely as a bona fide participant in such market, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Specific Inconvertibility means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Specific Inconvertibility is specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the relevant 
Issuer to convert the Minimum Amount of an Event Currency into the relating Non-Event Currency in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure by the relevant Issuer to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
is enacted after the Trade Date of the Securities and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer, due to an event beyond 
the control of the relevant Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specific Non-Transferability means, with respect to an Event Currency, unless Specific Non-Transferability is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for 
the relevant Issuer to deliver (a) the relating Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the Event Currency 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (b) the Event Currency between accounts inside 
the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction, other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure by the relevant Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
Securities and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specified Rate means: 
(a) 
if "Offer Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the offer price of the relevant 
rate of exchange;

--- Page 433 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
433 
 
(b) 
if "Bid Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the bid price of the relevant 
rate of exchange; or 
(c) 
if "Mid Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the mean average of the offer 
price and the bid price of the relevant rate of exchange, 
in each case for the relevant Observation Date. If no such rate is specified and "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent 
FX Rate Determination applies" is not specified, in each in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Rate shall be 
"Mid Price". 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unscheduled Holiday means a day that is not an FX Business Day and the market was not aware of such fact (by 
means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 
a.m. local time, in the principal financial centre(s) (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Reference 
Currency, two FX Business Days prior to the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valuation Time means, with respect to an FX Rate: 
(a) 
the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any time on the relevant 
Observation Date in Paris or such other financial centre as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events 
For the purposes of these FX Linked Asset Conditions: 
Market Disruption Event means in respect of an FX Rate, the occurrence of any of (a) Benchmark Obligation 
Default, (b) Dual Exchange Rate, (c) General Inconvertibility, (d) General Non-Transferability, (e) Governmental 
Authority Default, (f) Illiquidity, (g) Material Change In Circumstances, (h) Nationalisation, (i) Price Materiality, 
(j) Price Source Disruption, (k) Specific Inconvertibility or (l) Specific Non-Transferability. 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
3.2 
Consequences of Market Disruption Events and Unscheduled Holidays 
(a) 
If, in the case of FX Linked Securities relating to a single FX Rate, a Market Disruption Event or (if 
"Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an 
Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is continuing with respect to the FX Rate on an Observation Date, then 
the Calculation Agent may: 
(i) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the next FX Business 
Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event or, if applicable Unscheduled Holiday (the 
FX Determination Date), unless each consecutive FX Business Day up to and including the 
Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (A) the Disruption Longstop Date 
shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine for such day, in good faith, the FX Rate 
affected by the Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, the Unscheduled Holiday, taking into 
consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant to the then prevailing 
market practice and acting in good faith; or 
(ii) 
determine the FX Rate for such day, taking into consideration all available information that in 
good faith it deems relevant to the then prevailing market practice and acting in good faith.

--- Page 434 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
434 
 
(b) 
If, in the case of FX Linked Securities relating to a Basket of FX Rates, a Market Disruption Event or (if 
"Unscheduled Holiday Deferral" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an 
Unscheduled Holiday occurs or is continuing with respect to one or more FX Rates on an Observation 
Date, then: 
(i) 
for each FX Rate not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation Date shall 
be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(ii) 
for each FX Rate affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected FX Rate), the 
Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date shall be the FX 
Determination Date relating to such Affected FX Rate, unless each consecutive FX 
Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to such Affected FX Rate, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall 
be deemed to be the Observation Date with respect to the relevant Affected FX Rate, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected FX 
Rate and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine for such day, in good faith, such 
Affected FX Rate; in case of multiple Affected FX Rates, the latest FX Determination 
Date will be the FX Determination Date for the purpose of FX Linked Asset Condition 
1(a) above; or 
(B) 
determine the level of such Affected FX Rate for such day, taking into consideration all 
available information that in good faith it deems relevant to the then prevailing market 
practice and acting in good faith. 
(c) 
If (A) the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the relevant FX Rate in accordance with 
FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) or FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) above, as the case may be, or (B) 
such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for such Market Disruption 
Event or, if applicable, such Unscheduled Holiday:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, such Unscheduled 
Holiday and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; in making 
any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) 
which would be made to an foreign exchange derivative transaction in the interbank market 
following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its 
sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, an 
Unscheduled Holiday on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been, an 
Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Market Disruption Event or, if applicable, 
such Unscheduled Holiday and the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 435 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
435 
 
3.3 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" 
in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes 
of determining the relevant rate of exchange, and if through the operation of this provision no Averaging 
Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply 
for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that 
Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
"Postponement", then FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date 
would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the relevant FX Rate; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(i) 
in the case of a Basket of FX Rates, the Averaging Date for each FX Rate not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as an 
Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the Averaging Date for any FX 
Rate affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day 
in relation to such FX Rate that is not a Disrupted Day in relation to such FX Rate and on which 
another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to 
occur, and if the first succeeding FX Business Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging 
Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding FX Business Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in relation to such FX Rate and on which another Averaging Date in respect of 
the relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding FX 
Business Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with FX Linked Asset 
Condition 3.2. 
4. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
4.1 
Additional Disruption Events 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, 
in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, on 
or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become 
illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose 
of relevant hedge positions relating to an FX Rate or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost 
in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to an FX Rate) (including,

--- Page 436 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
436 
 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the 
currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the foreign exchange risk of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of 
the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
4.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate 
in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all 
but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
5. 
OTHER EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these FX Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs 
(including, without limitation, changes in the standard market mechanisms for settlement of FX hedges) which the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 437 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
437 
 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this FX Linked Asset Condition 5 (Other Events 
Relating to FX Linked Securities), the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
6. 
CURRENCY-SPECIFIC EVENTS RELATING TO FX LINKED SECURITIES 
6.1 
BRL/JPY Rate 
If "BRL/JPY Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an FX Rate, BRL/JPY Rate shall have the meaning 
set out below. 
BRL/JPY Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the BRL/JPY exchange rate, expressed as a number 
of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one (1) unit of BRL: 
(a) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as the inverse number (expressed 
as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit of BRL 
(the Base Currency) and being rounded to the nearest two decimal places (with 0.005 being rounded up)) 
by reference to the Specified Rate (as defined in FX Linked Asset Condition 2) of the applicable JPY/BRL-
PTAX Rate; or 
(b) 
in the event that the JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate is not available on the relevant BRL Valuation Date, determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as a cross-currency foreign exchange rate 
derived by dividing the USD/JPY Reference Rate by the applicable USD/BRL-PTAX Rate (if both such 
rates are available), provided that such number shall be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (with 
0.005 being rounded up); or 
(c) 
in the event that both: (i) the JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate is not available; and (ii) either (A) the USD/BRL-
PTAX Rate or the USD/JPY Reference Rate is not available, or (B) an Exchange Rate Divergence has 
occurred in respect of USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, in each case on the relevant BRL Valuation Date, 
determined by the Calculation Agent for the relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having taken into 
account relevant market practice, which may include, but shall not be limited to, a postponement of the 
determination of the BRL/JPY Rate until a date no later than the BRL Latest Postponement Date, 
and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Price Source Disruption shall not apply accordingly but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, to the extent that Price Source Disruption is applicable, Condition 3 shall be applicable upon the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Price Source 
Disruption as if such event had been selected as a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Asset Condition 6.1: 
where: 
BRL means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
BRL Latest Postponement Date means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the date falling five (5) FX Business 
Days (or such other number of FX Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) after such BRL 
Valuation Date. 
BRL/JPY Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in (a) São Paulo and Tokyo or (b) any other financial centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
BRL Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount of interest on the Securities, a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount, the 
number of BRL/JPY Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 438 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
438 
 
relevant date fixed for payment specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or an Instalment Redemption 
Amount: 
(i) 
relating to a day (other than the Redemption Date) fixed for the redemption of the Securities, the 
number of BRL/JPY Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) BRL/JPY 
Business Days if such number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to such day; 
and 
(ii) 
relating to the Redemption Date, the day that is the number of BRL/JPY Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) BRL/JPY Business Days if such number is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) prior to the Redemption Date. 
EMTA means Emerging Markets Traders Association. 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures means a methodology dated as of 22 January 2018 and 
published by the EMTA, as amended from time to time, for an industry determination of an Exchange Rate 
Divergence event. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in any applicable EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre means the relevant EMTA BRL business centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Divergence means, with respect to USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, and upon notice to the EMTA 
membership, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, as notified to the EMTA in accordance with the 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures (as published by the EMTA), of not less than 7 unaffiliated 
EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange 
market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot market), 
the USD/BRL-PTAX rate (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the 
then-prevailing Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving 
the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil. 
JPY/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the JPY/BRL commercial rate, expressed as a 
number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit of JPY (the Base 
Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e boletins" or 
"Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., São Paulo time, (or any successor page for the purposes 
of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion), on such BRL 
Valuation Date, and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <JPYBRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page 
for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
provided that the JPY/BRL PTAX Rate found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of 
conflict with the JPY/BRL PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg Screen <JPYBRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any 
successor page for the purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion). 
São Paulo and New York City Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for business in São Paulo and New York City. 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the USD/BRL commercial offered rate, 
expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit of USD 
(the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website (www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e 
boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., São Paulo time on such BRL Valuation Date, 
and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of 
displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the

--- Page 439 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
439 
 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the 
purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). 
USD/JPY Reference Rate means the bid rate of USD/JPY foreign exchange rate, expressed as a number of units 
(or fractional amounts) of JPY per one unit of USD, published on the Bloomberg Screen "BFIX" (or its successor 
page for the purpose of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion) as of 1:00 p.m., São Paulo time, on the applicable BRL Valuation Date. If the USD/JPY Reference Rate 
is not available on the applicable BRL Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine such rate on the 
relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having taken into account relevant market practice. 
6.2 
BRL/USD Rate 
If "BRL/USD Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an FX Rate, BRL/USD Rate shall have the 
meaning set out below. 
BRL/USD Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the BRL/USD exchange rate, expressed as a number 
of units (or fractional amounts) of USD per one (1) unit of BRL: 
(a) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as the inverse number (expressed 
as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of USD (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit of BRL 
(the Base Currency) and being rounded to the nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
up)) by reference to the Specified Rate (as defined in FX Linked Asset Condition 2) of the applicable 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate; or 
(b) 
in the event that either: (i) the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate is not available, or (ii) an Exchange Rate Divergence 
has occurred in respect of USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, in each case on the relevant BRL Valuation Date, 
determined by the Calculation Agent for the relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having taken into 
account relevant market practice, which may include, but shall not be limited to, a postponement of the 
determination of the BRL/USD Rate until a date no later than the BRL Latest Postponement Date, 
and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Price Source Disruption shall not apply accordingly but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, to the extent that Price Source Disruption is applicable, Condition 3 shall be applicable upon the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Price Source 
Disruption as if such event had been selected as a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Asset Condition 6.2: 
where: 
BRL means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
BRL Latest Postponement Date means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the date falling five (5) FX Business 
Days (or such other number of FX Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) after such BRL 
Valuation Date. 
BRL/USD Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in New York City and São Paulo and any other financial centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
BRL Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount of interest on the Securities, a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount, the 
number of BRL/USD Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the relevant date fixed for payment specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms); and

--- Page 440 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
440 
 
(b) 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or an Instalment Redemption 
Amount: 
(i) 
relating to a day (other than the Redemption Date) fixed for the redemption of the Securities, the 
number of BRL/USD Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such 
number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to such day; and 
(ii) 
relating to the Redemption Date, the day that is the number of BRL/USD Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) prior to the Redemption Date. 
EMTA means Emerging Markets Traders Association. 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures means a methodology dated as of 22 January 2018 and 
published by the EMTA, as amended from time to time, for an industry determination of an Exchange Rate 
Divergence event. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in any applicable EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre means the relevant EMTA BRL business centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Divergence means, with respect to USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, and upon notice to the EMTA 
membership, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, as notified to the EMTA in accordance with the 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures (as published by the EMTA), of not less than 7 unaffiliated 
EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange 
market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot market), 
the USD/BRL-PTAX rate (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the 
then-prevailing Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving 
the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil. 
USD means United State Dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the USD/BRL commercial offered rate, 
expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit of USD 
(the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website (www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e 
boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., São Paulo time on such BRL Valuation Date, 
and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of 
displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the 
purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). 
6.3 
BRL/EUR Rate 
If "BRL/EUR Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an FX Rate, BRL/EUR Rate shall have the 
meaning set out below. 
BRL/EUR Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the BRL/EUR exchange rate, expressed as a number 
of units (or fractional amounts) of EUR per one (1) unit of BRL: 
(a) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant BRL Valuation Date as a cross-currency foreign 
exchange rate derived by dividing:  
(i) 
One (1) by,  
(ii) 
 the EUR/USD Reference Rate, and multiplied by

--- Page 441 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
441 
 
(iii) 
the applicable USD/BRL-PTAX Rate (if both such rates are available),  
provided that such number shall be rounded to the nearest two decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
up); or 
(b) 
in the event that either (i) the USD/BRL-PTAX Rate or the EUR/USD Reference Rate is not available, or 
(ii) an Exchange Rate Divergence has occurred in respect of USD/BRL-PTAX Rate, in each case on the 
relevant BRL Valuation Date, determined by the Calculation Agent for the relevant BRL Valuation Date 
in good faith, having taken into account relevant market practice, which may include, but shall not be 
limited to, a postponement of the determination of the BRL/EUR Rate until a date no later than the BRL 
Latest Postponement Date, 
and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Price Source Disruption shall not apply accordingly but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, to the extent that Price Source Disruption is applicable, Condition 3 shall be applicable upon the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Price Source 
Disruption as if such event had been selected as a Market Disruption Event. 
For the purposes of this FX Linked Asset Condition 6.3: 
where: 
BRL means Brazilian Real, the lawful currency of the Federative Republic of Brazil. 
BRL Latest Postponement Date means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the date falling five (5) FX Business 
Days (or such other number of FX Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) after such BRL 
Valuation Date. 
BRL/EUR Business Days means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (a) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in São Paulo and any other financial centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and (b) which is a T2 Settlement Day. 
BRL Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of any amount of interest on the Securities, a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount, the 
number of BRL/EUR Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the relevant date fixed for payment specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or an Instalment Redemption 
Amount: 
(i) 
relating to a day (other than the Redemption Date) fixed for the redemption of the Securities, the 
number of BRL/EUR Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such 
number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms) prior to such day; and 
(ii) 
relating to the Redemption Date, the day that is the number of BRL/EUR Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or five (5) if such number is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) prior to the Redemption Date. 
EUR means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that adopt the single currency in 
accordance with article 3, paragraph 4 of the EU Treaty. 
EMTA means Emerging Markets Traders Association. 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures means a methodology dated as of 22 January 2018 and 
published by the EMTA, as amended from time to time, for an industry determination of an Exchange Rate 
Divergence event.

--- Page 442 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
442 
 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in any applicable EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre. 
EMTA BRL Rate Business Centre means the relevant EMTA BRL business centre specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Divergence means, with respect to EUR/BRL-PTAX Rate, and upon notice to the EMTA 
membership, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, as notified to the EMTA in accordance with the 
EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures (as published by the EMTA), of not less than 7 unaffiliated 
EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange 
market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot market), 
the USD/BRL-PTAX rate (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the 
then-prevailing Brazilian Reais/U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving 
the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil. 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate means, in respect of a BRL Valuation Date, the USD/BRL commercial offered rate, 
expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of BRL (the Reference Currency) per one (1) unit of USD 
(the Base Currency), reported by the Banco Central do Brasil on its website (www.bcb.gov.br; see "Cotações e 
boletins" or "Quotations and bulletins") by approximately 1:15 p.m., São Paulo time on such BRL Valuation Date, 
and which appears on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the purposes of 
displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); provided that the 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate found on the Banco Central do Brasil website shall prevail in case of conflict with the 
USD/BRL-PTAX Rate appearing on Bloomberg Screen <BRL PTAX Curncy> page (or any successor page for the 
purposes of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion). 
EUR/USD Reference Rate means the bid rate of EUR/USD foreign exchange rate, expressed as a number of units 
(or fractional amounts) of USD per one unit of EUR, published on the Reuters Screen WMR page (or its successor 
page for the purpose of displaying such rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion) as of 4:00 p.m., London time, on the applicable BRL Valuation Date. If the EUR/USD Reference Rate 
is not available on the applicable BRL Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine such rate on the 
relevant BRL Valuation Date in good faith, having taken into account relevant market practice. 
6.4 
JPY Price Source Disruption 
(a) 
Definitions 
JPY Fallback Page 1 means, with respect to a JPY Rate, the Bloomberg Screen or Reuters Screen (or any 
successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the JPY Fallback Page 1. 
JPY Fallback Page 2 means, with respect to a JPY Rate, the Bloomberg Screen or Reuters Screen (or any 
successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the JPY Fallback Page 2. 
JPY Price Source Disruption means, with respect to the JPY Rate and any Observation Date: 
(a) 
the JPY FX Rate is not displayed on the Bloomberg Screen or Reuters Screen (or any successor 
page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the JPY Relevant Page (the JPY Relevant Page) at the Valuation 
Time, or 
(b) 
the JPY Relevant Page is not available at the Valuation Time. 
JPY Rate means an FX Rate in respect of which the Reference Currency is JPY and the Base Currency is 
USD or such other currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 443 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
443 
 
(b) 
JPY Price Source Disruption 
If "JPY Price Source Disruption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable: 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption shall not apply to the relevant JPY Rate; and 
(ii) 
if a JPY Price Source Disruption occurs on an Observation Date, then the JPY Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Base Currency/JPY mid-rate (expressed 
as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one unit of Base Currency) which appears 
on the JPY Fallback Page 1 (or any successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion) at 3:00 p.m., Tokyo time, on the such Observation Date. If no such 
quotation appears or is available on the JPY Fallback Page 1 (or any successor page determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the such Observation Date, the 
JPY Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Base Currency/JPY 
mid-rate (expressed as a number of units (or fractional amounts) of JPY per one unit of Base 
Currency) which appears on the JPY Fallback Page 2 (or any successor page determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) at 3:00 p.m., Tokyo time, on the such 
Observation Date. If no such quotation appears or is available on the JPY Fallback Page 2 (or any 
successor page determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the 
such Observation Date, the JPY Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent will request five (5) leading reference banks (selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its discretion) in the Tokyo interbank market for their mid 
quotations of the Base Currency/JPY spot exchange rate at approximately 3:00 p.m., 
Tokyo time, on the such Observation Date; 
(B) 
the highest and lowest of such quotations will be disregarded and the arithmetic mean 
of the remaining quotation will be deemed to be the JPY Rate; 
(C) 
if only four (4) quotations are so provided, then the JPY Rate will be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations disregarding to the highest and the lowest values quoted; 
(D) 
if fewer than four (4) quotations but at least two (2) quotations can be obtained, the JPY 
Rate will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations actually obtained by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(E) 
if only one (1) quotation is available on such Observation Date, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that such quotation shall be JPY Rate. 
If (i) no such quotation is available on such Observation Date, or (ii) the Calculation Agent elects, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, to disregard the quotation referred to in FX Linked Asset Condition 
6.4(b)(ii)(E) or (iii) if the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that no suitable 
reference bank which is prepared to quote is available on such Observation Date, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the JPY Rate in its sole and absolute discretion on such Observation Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a JPY Price Source Disruption, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the 
JPY Price Source Disruption giving details thereof and the relevant JPY Rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
7. 
CORRECTIONS TO PUBLISHED AND DISPLAYED RATES 
For purposes of determining an FX Rate for any Observation Date: 
(a) 
In any case where an FX Rate is based on information obtained from the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any other financial information service, such FX Rate will be subject to the corrections, if any, 
to that information subsequently displayed by that source within one hour of the time when such rate is

--- Page 444 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
444 
 
first displayed by such source, unless the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion 
that it is not practicable to take into account such correction. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in any case where an FX Rate is based on information published or 
announced by any Governmental Authority in a relevant country, such FX Rate will be subject to the 
corrections, if any, to that information subsequently published or announced by that source within five (5) 
calendar days of the date on which such information is published or announced, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is not practicable to take into account such 
correction, including, but not limited to, in relation to any calculations or determinations connected with 
the settlement of any Securities. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent identifies any correction referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) above (and in the 
case of a correction in respect of an FX Rate published or announced as set out in paragraph (b) above, within five 
(5) calendar days of such correction), if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant Issuer of any 
such correction, the revised FX Rate and, if any amount (the Actual Amount) has been paid to Securityholders on 
the basis of the original FX Rate, the amount that should have been paid or delivered to the Securityholders on the 
basis of the corrected FX Rate (the Adjusted Amount). Upon being notified of the Adjusted Amount, the relevant 
Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) take such action as it considers necessary or appropriate to either pay 
additional amounts (if the Adjusted Amount is greater than the Actual Amount) or recover amounts (if the Adjusted 
Amount is less than the Actual Amount) from the person to whom the Actual Amounts were paid (including, for 
the purposes of recoveries by the relevant Issuer, by deducting from each Interest Amount payable on the next 
following Interest Payment Date (if any) an amount equal to each Security's pro rata share of an amount equal to 
the Actual Amount minus the Adjustment Amount, provided that each Interest Amount shall be subject to a 
minimum of zero). Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall the Relevant Issuer be obliged to 
recover any moneys from any Relevant Clearing System. The Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make any 
determination under this FX Linked Asset Condition 7 and shall have no liability to any person for any 
determination made or not made under this FX Linked Asset Condition 7. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
8. 
SUCCESSOR CURRENCY 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Successor Currency" is applicable in respect of an FX Rate, then: 
(a) 
the Reference Currency and Base Currency in respect of such FX Rate will be deemed to include any 
lawful successor currency to such Reference Currency or Base Currency, as the case may be (the 
Successor Currency); 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Issue Date but on or before any relevant date on 
which an amount may be payable under the Securities, a country has lawfully eliminated, converted, 
redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date which is the Reference Currency or 
Base Currency of an FX Rate, as the case may be (the Original Currency) for a Successor Currency, then, 
for the purposes of calculating any amounts of the Original Currency or effecting settlement thereof, any 
Original Currency amounts will be converted to the Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of 
Original Currency by a ratio of Successor Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated 
on the basis of the exchange rate set forth by the relevant country of the Original Currency for converting 
the Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date on which the elimination, conversion, 
redenomination or exchange took place, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and if there is more than 
one such date, the date closest to such relevant date will be selected (or such other date as may be selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); 
(c) 
notwithstanding paragraph (b) above but subject to paragraph (d) below, the Calculation Agent may (to 
the extent permitted by the applicable law), in its sole and absolute discretion, select such other exchange 
rate or other basis for the conversion of an amount of the Original Currency to the Successor Currency and 
will make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation

--- Page 445 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 3: FX Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
445 
 
methodology, valuation, settlement, payment terms or any other terms in respect of the Securities to 
account for such elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange of the Reference Currency or Base 
Currency, as the case may be; 
(d) 
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, with respect to any Reference Currency or Base Currency that 
is substituted or replaced by the Euro, the consequences of such substitution or replacement will be 
determined in accordance with applicable law; and 
(e) 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 446 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
446 
 
Chapter 4: Asset Conditions: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Inflation Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Inflation Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that Inflation Linked Interest Securities or Inflation Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These 
Inflation Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions to an Inflation Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of 
these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions. 
Basket means a basket containing the Inflation Indices (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Daily Inflation Rate means, the daily interpolated level of the Inflation Index for the relevant Payment Date, 
determined as follows: 
MIL(t) + [MIL–(t1) - MIL(t)] ×– 
(D - 1)
N
 
where: 
MIL(t) means the level of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month that is the number of months 
immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date, as defined under Primary Lag; 
MIL(t1) means the level of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month that is the number of months 
immediately preceding the Payment Date, as defined under Secondary Lag; 
D is the calendar day on which the Payment Date occurs; and  
N is the total number of calendar days of the month in which the Payment Date occurs. 
Primary Lag means, the number of months specified as such in the Final Terms, or if a Primary Lag is not so 
specified, 3 months. 
Secondary Lag means, the number of months specified as such in the Final Terms, or if a Secondary Lag is not so 
specified, 2 months.  
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation Index, with a redemption date which falls on 
(a) the same day as the Redemption Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Redemption Date if there is no 
such bond maturing on the Redemption Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Redemption Date if no 
bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If such Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt 
obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and 
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same 
date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems

--- Page 447 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
447 
 
the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in 
issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
Inflation Indices or Inflation Index means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Inflation Linked Asset 
Conditions, the inflation indices or inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
Inflation Index Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index: 
(a) 
if Daily Inflation Rate is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a level equal to the Daily 
Inflation Rate for such Inflation Index; and 
(b) 
otherwise, the level of such Inflation Index for the Reference Month that is the number of months 
immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date as determined in accordance with the relevant Primary 
Lag. 
Inflation Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of 
the relevant Inflation Index, which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the inflation index sponsor, specified for 
such Inflation Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment Date means any date on which a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Securities. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index was reported, regardless of 
when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported is 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month is the period for which the Inflation Index level was reported. 
References elsewhere in the Conditions to an Observation Date shall, for the purposes of these Inflation Linked 
Asset Conditions, be construed as references to the "Reference Month" in which such "Observation Date" falls. 
Related Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if Related Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be not applicable, the Fallback Bond shall be deemed 
to be the Related Bond. If a bond is specified to be the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and such bond 
redeems or matures during the term of the Securities, the Fallback Bond shall be deemed to be the Related Bond. 
Relevant Inflation Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
an Inflation Index; or  
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Inflation Index Benchmark" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
EVENTS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
2.1 
Delay of Publication 
If the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Month which is relevant to the calculation of a payment under the 
Securities (a Relevant Level) is not published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next 
following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent will in its discretion determine a Substitute 
Inflation Index Level (in place of such Relevant Level) by using one of the following methodologies: 
(a) 
if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level for such Payment Date as that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond; and 
(b) 
if (a) above does not result in a Substitute Inflation Index Level for such Payment Date for any reason, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level as follows: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level)

--- Page 448 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
448 
 
where: 
Base Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to 
the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined; 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level is being calculated; and 
Reference Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
referred to in "Latest Level" above; or 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine, acting in good faith, what it believes is a commercially reasonable 
level for the Substitute Inflation Index level for such Payment Date, by reference to any pricing sources or 
valuation methodologies as it considers appropriate. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the next 
following Payment Date under the Securities, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Asset Condition 2.1 will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.2 
Cessation of Publication 
If (i) a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive months, (ii) the 
Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or (iii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent will determine a Successor Inflation Index 
(in lieu of any previously applicable index) for the purposes of the Securities by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond, such successor index shall be designated as a Successor Inflation 
Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates in relation to the Securities, notwithstanding that 
any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined under paragraph (b), (c) or (d) 
below; 
(b) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under paragraph (a) above, and a notice has been 
given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation 
Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Securities from the date that such 
replacement index comes into effect; 
(c) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined under paragraph (a) or (b) above (and there has 
been no designation of a date for the early redemption of the Securities by the relevant Issuer pursuant to 
paragraph (e) below), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the 
replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and of those 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the 
"Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (d) hereof;

--- Page 449 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
449 
 
(d) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been determined under paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the next following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent will 
determine an appropriate alternative index for such date, acting in good faith, and such index will be 
deemed the "Successor Inflation Index"; or  
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, the relevant Issuer may, 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) either (i) use the 
level of the Inflation Index on (A) the day on which the Inflation Index ceased to be available or (B) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, if no Inflation Index is published at that time or 
that Inflation Index cannot be used in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, by reference to the 
Inflation Index published at that time on the last day on which the Inflation Index was published or can be 
used in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, as applicable or (ii) redeem the Securities in whole 
but not in part, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.3 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Inflation 
Index as so rebased (the Rebased Inflation Index) will be used for purposes of determining the level of the Inflation 
Index from the date of such rebasing, provided however that the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as 
are made by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the 
levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as 
the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there is no Related Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments 
to the levels of the Rebased Inflation Index so that the Rebased Inflation Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made 
under the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.4 
Material Modification 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date under the Securities, 
the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall make any such adjustments to the Securities necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as 
the Inflation Index. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.5 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within the earlier of (a) 30 days of publication, and (b) the day that is five Business Days prior to the next 
following Payment Date under the Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor 
has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation 
Agent will notify the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of 
(i) that correction; (ii) any amount that may be payable as a result of that correction, and (iii) take such other action 
as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Condition 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 450 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
450 
 
2.6 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to an 
Inflation Index or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable 
to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to an Inflation Index) 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, 
in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event: 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if 
an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action, if applicable, described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for the Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the effective date of such adjustment; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such

--- Page 451 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 4: Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
451 
 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
2.7 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Inflation Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Inflation Linked Asset Condition 2.7, the 
relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 452 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
452 
 
Chapter 5: Asset Conditions: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are Rate Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Rate Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that Rate Linked Interest Securities or Rate Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These Rate Linked 
Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Rate Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Rate Linked Asset Conditions to a Rate Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these Rate 
Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
Each Benchmark Rate Level shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below in Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1 (ISDA Determination) or Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.2 
(Screen Rate Determination) shall apply, depending upon which is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in each case in accordance with Rate Linked Asset Condition 3. 
1.1 
ISDA Determination 
(a) 
Where "ISDA Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined in respect of a Benchmark Rate on any Observation Date, such 
Benchmark Rate Level shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the ISDA Rate. 
ISDA Rate means the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as "Calculation Agent" for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions, and the following shall apply 
for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the definition of "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" shall be read as referring to such indices, 
benchmarks or other price sources specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
"Business Day" shall mean each day that is a Business Day under the Conditions of the Floating 
Rate Securities; 
(iii) 
"Calculation Period" means the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
(iv) 
the definition of "Compounding Date" shall be read as referring to each day specified as such (or 
determined pursuant to a method specified for that purpose) in the applicable Final Terms; 
(v) 
the definition of "Impacted Index" shall be read as referring to the index, benchmark or other 
price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(vi) 
"Rate Cut-off Date" shall mean each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
(vii) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 2.3.8 (Application of Business Day Conventions) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(viii) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 4.8 (Rounding) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(ix) 
Section 4.9 (Straight Compounding, Flat Compounding and Spread Exclusive Compounding) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Straight Compounding", "Flat 
Compounding" or "Spread Exclusive Compounding" being specified to apply in the applicable 
Final Terms;

--- Page 453 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
453 
 
(x) 
Section 6.3.2 (Unweighted Average Floating Rate) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Unweighted Average" being specified to apply, and to "Unweighted Average" and 
"Weighted Average" not being specified to apply, in each case in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xi) 
Section 6.3.3 (Weighted Average Floating Rate) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as 
referring to "Weighted Average" being specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xii) 
Section 6.8.2 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive 
Compounding not applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to 
"Floating Negative Interest Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(xiii) 
Section 6.8.3 (Floating Negative Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive 
Compounding applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Floating 
Negative Interest Rate Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xiv) 
Section 6.8.4 (Zero Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding not 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero Interest Rate 
Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xv) 
Section 6.8.5 (Zero Interest Rate Method (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive Compounding 
applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero Interest Rate 
Method" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xvi) 
Section 6.8.6 (Zero Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread (Straight/Flat/Spread Exclusive 
Compounding not applicable)) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to "Zero 
Interest Rate Method Excluding Spread" applying if specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(xvii) 
Section 6.13 (Planned Replacement of a Benchmark) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read 
as referring to a "Successor Benchmark" and a "Successor Benchmark Effective Date" being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xviii) 
the reference to a "Calculation Period to which "Linear Interpolation" applies" in Section 6.10.1 
(Use of Linear Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, if "Linear Interpolation" is specified as being applicable to such period in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(xix) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.1 (OIS Compounding) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xx) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.2 (Compounding with Lookback) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxi) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period Shift) 
of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxii) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.3.4 (Compounding with Lockout) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxiii) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.1 (Overnight Averaging) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxiv) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.2 (Averaging with Lookback) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxv) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.3 (Averaging with Observation Period Shift) of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 454 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
454 
 
(xxvi) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.4.4 (Averaging with Lockout) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxvii) references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.1 (Standard Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxviii) references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.2 (All-In Compounded Index Method) of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxix) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.3 (Compounded Index Method) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxx) 
references to "the Confirmation" in Section 7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(xxxi) 
the definition of "Day Count Basis" for the purposes of Sections 7.3.1 (OIS Compounding),7.3.2 
(Compounding with Lookback), 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period Shift), 7.3.4 
(Compounding with Lockout), 7.7.1 (Standard Index Method), 7.7.2 (All-In Compounded Index 
Method), 7.7.3 (Compounded Index Method), 7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift), means the number specified as such for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the denominator of the Day Count 
Fraction specified for a Floating Rate Security in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxxii) Sections 7.3.3 (Compounding with Observation Period Shift), 7.4.3 (Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift), 7.7.4 (Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be read as referring to "Set-in-Advance" being applicable if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(xxxiii) references to "the Confirmation" in Section 8.3.1 (Application of Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be read as referring to the applicable Final Terms; 
For the purposes of Rate Linked Asset Conditions 1.1(b), Floating Rate Option, Applicable Benchmark, 
Designated Maturity, Fixing Day, Fixing Time, Reset Dates, Successor Benchmark, Successor 
Benchmark Effective Date, Permanent Cessation Trigger, Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
Specified Public Source, Temporary Non-Publication Trigger, Permanent Cessation Fallback, 
Applicable Fallback Rate, Underlying Fallback Rate, Administrator/Benchmark Fallback, 
Temporary Non-Publication Fallback, Overnight Rate Compounding Method, Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, Daily Floored Rate, Daily Capped Rate, Index Method and Relevant Index Level 
have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but with references, where 
applicable, to "the Confirmation" being read as the applicable Final Terms and references, where 
applicable to the "Calculation Period" being read as the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
In respect of any Reset Date, for the purpose of determining the Floating Rate (in order to establish the 
Benchmark Rate Level for a given Benchmark Rate) pursuant to the relevant Floating Rate Option under 
the ISDA Definitions, where such date is also specified in the Final Terms as being an Observation Date 
for the same Benchmark Rate determination, then the Floating Rate will be determined pursuant to that 
Floating Rate Option on the basis of the rate or rates observed from the specified screens, websites, other 
electronic sources or platforms, companies, institutions or other entities, in each case as of such Reset 
Date, disregarding any requirement in the ISDA Definitions to observe such rate or rates as of a date earlier 
than the Reset Date (but without prejudice to any fallback process specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option that requires such rate or rates to be observed for such Floating Rate Option as of a different date 
where they cannot be observed as of the Reset Date). 
(c) 
Where the ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating Rate Option will be pursuant to 
any requirement for the Calculation Agent to request quotes from Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or 
major banks pursuant to the ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make requests for quotations for rates

--- Page 455 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
455 
 
from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite number of Reference Banks, Reference 
Dealers or major banks may be effected by reference to and using quotations or tradable market prices 
which are made available by such Reference Banks, Reference Dealers or major banks via electronic data 
providers or electronic trading platforms. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the terms "Reference 
Banks" and "Reference Dealers" shall have the meanings set out in the ISDA Definitions. If the fallback 
as set out in the definition of the Floating Rate Option pursuant to the ISDA Definitions does not produce 
a result, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may amend this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1 from time to 
time to the extent that it determines necessary in order to ensure consistency with prevailing market 
standards or market trading conventions (as established pursuant to the agreement of the leading dealers 
in the derivatives market for rates or any relevant committee established by ISDA, a market-wide protocol, 
any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing system) that would be 
or are applicable to any Reference Hedge Transaction from time to time. The Calculation Agent may not, 
without the consent of the relevant Issuer, make any amendments to Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1 of 
the Securities pursuant to this Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.1(d) other than to the extent necessary to 
give effect to the relevant change(s). The Calculation Agent shall notify the relevant Issuer and the 
Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such amendment. 
For the purpose of the above paragraph, Reference Hedge Transaction means a transaction entered into, 
or which would be entered into, on market standard terms and at arm's length with a leading dealer in the 
relevant market and pursuant to which the Issuer's risk in respect of its payment obligations linked to any 
interest rate benchmark referenced in the Securities is, or would be, hedged. 
1.2 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Benchmark Rate Level is to be determined in respect of a Benchmark Rate on any date of determination, such 
Benchmark Rate Level shall, subject as provided below, be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the 
offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Benchmark Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided in General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Rate Linked Asset Condition 1.2(a) (Screen Rate 
Determination), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Rate Linked Asset Conditions 1.2(b) (Screen Rate 
Determination), fewer than three (3) offered quotations appear, in each case at the Relevant Screen Page Time, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Benchmark Rate at the Relevant Screen Page Time on 
the relevant date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Benchmark Rate Level for the relevant date shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in 
accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the offered quotations, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Observation Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Benchmark Rate Level for the relevant date shall be the rate

--- Page 456 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
456 
 
per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary in 
accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two (2) or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date of determination, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Benchmark Rate by leading banks in the Relevant Inter-
Bank Market or, if fewer than two (2) of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Benchmark Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded in accordance with General Condition 4.6 (Rounding)) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Benchmark Rate, at which, at the Relevant Screen Page Time on the relevant date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, provided that, if the Benchmark Rate Level cannot 
be determined on the relevant Observation Date in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Rate Linked 
Asset Condition 1, the Benchmark Rate Level shall be determined on the relevant Observation Date as at the last 
preceding date of determination. 
In respect of any Interest Accrual Period to which "Linear Interpolation" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Benchmark Rate Level for that Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Benchmark Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity of that rate 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the Interest Accrual Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity of that rate were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the Interest Accrual Period. 
2. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT 
2.1 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, 
in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, on 
or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become 
illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose 
of relevant hedge positions relating to a Benchmark Rate or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of 
their respective Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or 
(ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to a Benchmark 
Rate) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
(a) 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain,

--- Page 457 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
457 
 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including 
but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that 
is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
2.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may take the action, if applicable, described in (a) or (b) below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to the Conditions to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of such adjustment; or 
(b) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all 
but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
3. 
BENCHMARK TRIGGER EVENTS 
(a) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs and the Relevant Rate Benchmark is a Priority Fallback Benchmark, 
the related Priority Fallback shall apply. If the Priority Fallback does not produce an outcome then Rate 
Linked Asset Condition 3(b) below shall apply. 
(b) 
Subject to Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(a) above, if a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs, the Calculation 
Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) below, or to the 
extent that the Calculation Agent does not consider it commercially reasonable or possible to apply any 
one of those options or any of the outcomes produced from those options, the Calculation Agent may elect 
to apply the option in sub-paragraph (iv) below, and if no election is made by the Calculation Agent, Rate 
Linked Asset Condition 3(e) shall apply, in each case with the applied option taking effect from the 
Business Day following the Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
If an Impacted Index and an Alternative Pre-nominated Index have been specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will be replaced with the Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account 
any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary 
to account for the effect on the Securities of referencing the Alternative Pre-nominated Index. 
(ii) 
If there is an Alternative Post-nominated Index, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will be 
replaced with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the 
Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Post-nominated Index and (C) the Calculation Agent may, 
after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of the 
Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on the Securities of referencing the 
Alternative Post-nominated Index. Notwithstanding the above, if, in respect of a Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or 
recommends (I) an Alternative Post-nominated Index or (II) in respect of the same Alternative 
Post-nominated Index, a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in relation to the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with that Alternative Post-nominated Index, in each

--- Page 458 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
458 
 
case by Close of Business on the Cut-off Date, then the Calculation Agent cannot elect to apply 
the option described in this Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b)(ii). 
(iii) 
If there is a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
will be replaced with the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index 
and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, make such 
other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on the 
Securities of referencing the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index. 
(iv) 
Upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
the relevant Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs, the Cut-off Date will be the later of (i) 15 Business Days following 
the day on which the public statement is made or the information is published (in each case, as referred to 
in the definition of "Index Cessation Event") and (ii) the first day on which the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
is no longer available, provided that, if more than one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, 
nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or a spread or methodology for calculating 
a spread in accordance with Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b)(ii) and one or more of those Relevant 
Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three Business Days before such date, then the Cut-
off Date will instead be the second Business Day following the date that, but for this proviso, would have 
been the Cut-off Date. 
(d) 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the Cut-off Date will be the later of (i) 15 Business Days 
following the day on which the notice contemplated in the definition of "Administrator/Benchmark Event" 
is effective, and (ii) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, provided that, if more than one Relevant 
Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends an Alternative Post-nominated Index or 
a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in accordance with Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b)(ii) 
and one or more of those Relevant Nominating Bodies does so on or after the day that is three Business 
Days before such date, then the Cut-off Date will instead be the second Business Day following the date 
that, but for this proviso, would have been the Cut-off Date. 
(e) 
If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is required for any determination 
in respect of the Securities and, at that time, the Calculation Agent has not elected to take one of the actions 
in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(b), then, for the purposes of that determination: 
(i) 
if: 
(A) 
in relation to an Index Cessation Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is still available; 
or 
(B) 
in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date has not yet occurred, 
the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Relevant Rate Benchmark as if no Benchmark Trigger Event 
had occurred; 
(ii) 
if (A) the Relevant Benchmark is no longer available or (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Date has occurred, the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the 
fallback(s), if any, provided in the Conditions of the Securities (including any applicable Asset 
Linked Conditions) to determine a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark in circumstances in 
which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is not available and no Benchmark Trigger Event has 
occurred; or

--- Page 459 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
459 
 
(iii) 
if a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark cannot be determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above, as applicable, the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined by reference 
to the rate published in respect of the Relevant Rate Benchmark at the time at which the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark is ordinarily determined on (A) the day on which the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
ceased to be available or (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as applicable or, if no 
rate is published at that time or that rate cannot be used in accordance with applicable law or 
regulation, by reference to the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was 
published or can be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation, as applicable. 
(f) 
If, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute 
or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes an Index Cessation Event or (ii) an 
Index Cessation Event and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same 
time, it will, in either case, constitute an Index Cessation Event and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that, if the date that would otherwise have been the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have occurred before the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no 
longer available, Rate Linked Condition 3(e) shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had 
occurred. 
(g) 
For the purposes of Rate Linked Condition 3(b), the Adjustment Spread shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, in relation to an Alternative Post-nominated Index, if a spread or 
methodology for calculating a spread has been formally designated, nominated or recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the 
Alternative Post-nominated Index, then that spread shall apply or that methodology shall be used to 
determine the Adjustment Spread, as applicable. 
(h) 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise judgement in any 
way under this Rate Linked Asset Condition 3, it will do so in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data. 
(i) 
If, in respect of the Securities: 
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation to determine the 
Relevant Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at such time);  
(ii) 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the Relevant Benchmark 
in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it would contravene those licensing requirements 
were a determination to be made at such time); or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Spread is or would be a benchmark, index 
or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would subject 
the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer to material additional regulatory obligations, 
then the Relevant Benchmark shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable fallback (applied 
in accordance with its terms) provided that, in respect of sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) above, the next 
applicable fallback shall be the first applicable fallback that complies with the applicable law, regulation 
or licensing requirements. 
(j) 
Following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Trigger Event, giving details thereof and the action that the Calculation Agent propose to take 
in relation thereto in accordance with this Rate Linked Asset Condition 3. 
(k) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 460 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
460 
 
4. 
OTHER EVENTS 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Rate Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Rate Linked Asset Condition 4, the relevant 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
5. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
Adjustment Spread means, in respect of the Securities, the adjustment, if any, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic 
value from the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders, or vice versa, as a result of the replacement made pursuant to 
Rate Linked Asset Condition 3. Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any transfer of 
economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Alternative Pre-nominated Index, 
Alternative Post-nominated Index or Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, as applicable, by 
comparison to the Relevant Benchmark. Subject to Rate Linked Condition 3(g), the Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has the meaning given to it in the Definitions. 
Alternative Post-nominated Index means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, any index, benchmark or other 
price source which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by: 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark, provided that the market or economic reality that 
such index, benchmark or other price source measures is the same as that measured by the Relevant 
Benchmark, 
in each case, to replace the Relevant Benchmark. If a replacement is designated or nominated under both sub-
paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the replacement under sub-paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-
nominated Index. 
Alternative Pre-nominated Index means, in respect of an Impacted Index, the first of the indices, benchmarks or 
other price sources specified as an "Alternative Pre-nominated Index" in the applicable Final Terms and not subject 
to a Benchmark Trigger Event. 
Benchmark Rates and Benchmark Rate means each of the rates or the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Benchmark Rate Level means, in respect of a Benchmark Rate and any date of determination, the rate determined 
for such Benchmark Rate in accordance with these Rate Linked Asset Conditions in respect of such date of 
determination. 
Benchmark Trigger Event has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions.

--- Page 461 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
461 
 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark, the index, 
benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative 
for the Relevant Benchmark. 
Close of Business means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such time is specified, 
5p.m. (local time) in the time zone applicable to the relevant Issuer on a Business Day. 
Cut-off Date has the meaning given to it in Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(c) or 3(d), as applicable, above. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Impacted Index means, in respect of the Securities, the index, benchmark or other price source (howsoever 
described) specified as an "Impacted Index" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index Cessation Event has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
ISDA Definitions has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise 
deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. 
Priority Fallback means, in respect of a rate benchmark, any fallback for such rate benchmark that the Calculation 
Agent determines would be a "Priority Fallback" under the terms of a Rate Hedge Transaction referencing that rate 
benchmark. 
Priority Fallback Benchmark means any Relevant Rate Benchmark that the Calculation Agent determines has a 
Priority Fallback applicable to it. 
Rate Hedge Transaction means a transaction entered, or which would be entered, into on market standard terms 
and at arm's length with a leading dealer in the relevant market and pursuant to which the Issuer's risk in respect of 
its payment obligations linked to any Relevant Rate Benchmark referenced in the Securities is, or would be, hedged 
and which will, or would, incorporate the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, as published by ISDA (or terms 
substantially equivalent to the terms thereof). 
Reference Banks means the principal office of four (4) major banks in the Relevant Inter-Bank Market, in each 
case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Inter-Bank Market means the inter-bank market specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Market Data has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated or any central bank or 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator 
of the Relevant Benchmark; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central bank for the currency 
in which the Relevant Benchmark is denominated, (ii) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Relevant Rate Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, (iii) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
Relevant Rate Benchmark means, in respect of the Securities: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to 
in the Floating Rate Option);

--- Page 462 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 5: Rate Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
462 
 
(b) 
the Relevant Screen Page (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to 
in the Relevant Screen Page); 
(c) 
the Impacted Index (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price source that is referred to in the 
Impacted Index); or 
(d) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Rate Benchmark" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
To the extent that (i) any index, benchmark or price source comprising the Priority Fallback, (ii) the Alternative 
Pre-nominated Index, (iii) the Alternative Post-nominated Index or (iv) the Calculation Agent Nominated 
Replacement Index, applies pursuant to Rate Linked Asset Condition 3(a) or (b) above, as applicable, it shall be a 
Relevant Rate Benchmark from the day on which it first applies. 
Relevant Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page Time means such time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 463 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
463 
 
Chapter 6: Asset Conditions: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are ETF Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the ETF Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that ETF Linked Interest Securities or ETF Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These ETF Linked 
Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these ETF Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these ETF Linked Asset Conditions to an ETF Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these ETF 
Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these ETF Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of ETF Linked Interest Securities) or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case 
of ETF Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the ETF Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical Settlement 
Procedures). 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of an ETF Linked Security where the ETF Closing Price is used to determine an Underlying 
Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed 
Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket or Basket of ETF means a basket composed of the ETF in the relative proportions or numbers of ETF 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket ETF Linked Securities means ETF Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one ETF Unit, as, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified for an ETF in the Final Terms or any successor to such 
clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Final Terms does not specify a Clearance System, 
the Clearance System will be the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant ETF. If the Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such ETF, the Calculation Agent will determine 
what is deemed to be the relevant Clearance System.

--- Page 464 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
464 
 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
Currency Rate means with respect to the relevant ETF Unit, the rate of conversion between the Settlement 
Currency and ETF Unit Currency. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on the Currency Screen Page as of 
the Currency Specified Date at the Currency Specified Time or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant rate shall be the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the screen page determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
specified time determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable ETF Unit (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other 
necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the ETF Unit, to the relevant Issuer or the 
Securityholders, as the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, 
without limitation, any counterclaim, defence or right of set-off by or of the ETF. Delivered and Delivery will be 
construed accordingly. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETF, in respect of any ETF comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled Trading 
Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer prior to 
the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to the terms of the 
escrow arrangement. 
ETF means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked Asset Conditions, the exchange traded 
fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
ETF Closing Price means in respect of an ETF Unit and a given day, the Net Asset Value of such ETF Unit for 
that day or the official closing price of such ETF Unit on the relevant Exchange for that day, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, in each case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 
3 (Events relating to ETF Linked Securities) below unless the Calculation Agent determines that, in accordance 
with market conventions, such method of determining the ETF Closing Price is not applicable in which case the 
ETF Closing Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such 
market conventions. 
ETF Determination Date has the meaning set out in ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the 
occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of 
the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF.

--- Page 465 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
465 
 
ETF Price means, in respect of an ETF Unit and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the price of such ETF Unit on 
the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted 
(if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to ETF Linked 
Securities) below unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market conventions, such 
method of determining the ETF Price is not appropriate in which case the ETF Price shall be determined in the 
manner elected by the Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or 
indirectly, for that ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, 
fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or 
another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), trustee or similar person with the 
primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
ETF Unit Currency means the currency or currencies in which an ETF Unit is denominated. 
ETF Unit Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of ETF Unit for which quotations are to be obtained 
(as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Securityholder 
or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
ETF Valuation Day means, in respect of each ETF observed separately, any date as defined in the ETF Documents 
as of which the official net asset value of such ETF is determined in accordance with its ETF Documents. 
Exchange means, in respect of an ETF, each corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of an ETF, Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) or (b) 
in the case of a Basket of ETF, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) or (ii) the Exchange Business Day 
(Per ETF Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket and 
Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All ETF Basis) means, in respect of all ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of an ETF, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the Related Exchange in respect of such ETF are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Fractional ETF Unit means, per Specified Denomination, any fraction of an ETF Unit arising from determining 
the Number of ETF Units. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Fractional ETF Unit will be rounded 
down to three decimal places closer.

--- Page 466 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
466 
 
Fractional ETF Unit Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to the product of the 
Fractional ETF Unit and the relevant ETF Closing Price attributable to the relevant ETF Unit on the Observation 
Date related to the relevant Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, converted where 
necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such 
other date as is determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Full Quotation means a firm bid quotation obtained from an ETF Unit Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, for a number of Undeliverable ETF Units. 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, 
of one or more (a) positions or contracts in the ETF, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign 
exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or 
(d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on 
a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities linked to or indexed to the relevant ETF 
due on the Redemption Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Security. 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the ETF Units), located in France (which for the avoidance of doubt may 
be the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates), and deemed, in respect 
of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETF, to have (a) the benefits and obligations, as provided 
under the ETF Documents, of an investor holding the ETF; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETF, 
to have submitted a Valid Order requesting redemption of the ETF; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment 
in such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of the ETF. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means 150 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date 
(or any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any determination by the Calculation Agent that 
the relevant Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or will be unable to, or it will be impossible, impractical 
or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on its behalf to, Deliver all or any portion of the ETF Units). 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value in respect of an ETF and an ETF Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per unit of such ETF 
including (for subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that 
would be paid (for subscription orders) or received (for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a 
Hypothetical Investor pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the 
ETF scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per unit determined by the ETF (or the ETF service 
provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such ETF Valuation Day. 
Number of ETF Units means: 
(a) 
in relation to an ETF Linked Security linked to one single ETF: 
(i) 
the number of relevant ETF Units per Specified Denomination specified as a number in the Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by reference 
to "Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", the number of ETF Units, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Specified Denomination by (A) 
the relevant Physical Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement ETF Price is specified 
in the Final Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such relevant ETF Closing 
Price) attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by reference 
to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption Amount", the number

--- Page 467 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
467 
 
of ETF Units, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Final Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, calculated per Specified 
Denomination by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement 
ETF Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such 
relevant ETF Closing Price) attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency 
using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as is specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Basket ETF Linked Security and for each Physical Settlement ETF comprised in the Basket: 
(i) 
the number of relevant ETF Units relating to such Physical Settlement ETF in the Basket per 
Specified Denomination specified as a number in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by reference 
to "Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", for each Physical 
Settlement ETF, the number of ETF Units, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from 
dividing the Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the 
relevant ETF in the Final Terms, the product of the Specified Denomination and the applicable 
Weighting) by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement 
ETF Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such 
ETF Closing Price) attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of ETF Units is determined by reference 
to "Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption Amount", for each 
Physical Settlement ETF, the number of ETF Units, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
resulting from dividing the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, calculated per Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to be 
applicable to the relevant ETF in the Final Terms, the product of the Final Redemption Amount 
or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, and the applicable Weighting) by (A) the 
relevant Physical Settlement ETF Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement ETF Price is specified in 
the Final Terms, the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a percentage of such ETF Closing Price) 
attributable to the relevant ETF on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate 
(or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
or 
(iv) 
such other determination as specified in the Final Terms. 
Number of ETF Units to Be Delivered means the Number of ETF Units, rounded down to the lower whole ETF 
Unit. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted 
Days) below shall apply. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where (a) "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and Physical Settlement is deemed to apply in the manner set out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set

--- Page 468 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
468 
 
out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Realisable Amount determined for the Undeliverable ETF Unit. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable ETF Unit, the date falling three (3) Exchange 
Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Value of such Undeliverable ETF Unit or such other date 
falling such number of Exchange Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Amount as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of an ETF Unit, the Number of ETF Units. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to an ETF, where such Physical Settlement Period starts on the Redemption Date 
or Instalment Date, as the case may be, or such other date as specified in the Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement ETF means, in relation to a Basket of ETFs: 
(a) 
if "All ETF" is specified in the Final Terms, each ETF in the Basket; and 
(b) 
if "Best of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Best of Performance in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions which 
are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
if "Worst of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Worst of Performance in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions which 
are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(d) 
if "Worst of Performance A" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Worst of Performance A in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions 
which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(e) 
if "Worst of Performance B" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Worst of Performance B in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions 
which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(f) 
if "Xth Worst Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Xth Worst Performance in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions 
which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; or 
(g) 
the ETF in the Basket which the Calculation Agent determines as having such other characteristic 
identified in the Standard Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) to (g) above, if the Calculation Agent determines that there is more 
than one ETF which, as the case may be, is any of (i) the Best of Performance, (ii) Worst of Performance, (iii) 
Worst of Performance A, (iv) Worst of Performance B, (v) Xth Worst Performance or (vi) satisfies any other 
characteristic which is used to determine the Physical Settlement ETF as set out in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine which of such ETFs is the Physical Settlement ETF in its sole discretion. 
Physical Settlement ETF Price means, in respect of the Number of ETF Units, the price (or a percentage of such 
price) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Period means, in respect of a ETF Unit, the number of Exchange Business Days specified as 
such in the Final Terms or, if a number of Exchange Business Days is not so specified, then the longest number of 
Exchange Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such ETF Unit, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 469 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
469 
 
Quotation means, in respect of an ETF Unit or an Undeliverable ETF Unit, each Full Quotation or Weighted 
Average Quotation, as the case may be, obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation Amount, 
with respect to a Relevant Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date 
from three (3) or more ETF Unit Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more such 
Full Quotations on the same Exchange Business Day within three (3) Exchange Business Days of the 
Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following Exchange Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Exchange Business Day thereafter until the tenth Exchange Business Day following the applicable 
Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from three (3) or 
more ETF Unit Dealers and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average 
Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same Exchange Business Day on or prior to the tenth (10th) Exchange Business 
Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a ETF Unit Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) 
Exchange Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the ETF Unit obtained from ETF Unit Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) 
Exchange Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero (0) for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day; and 
(b) 
if any Quotation obtained is expressed by a ETF Unit Dealer as a percentage, the Calculation Agent shall, 
for the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would be if expressed as an amount payable for 
the Quotation Amount. 
Quotation Amount means with respect to each type of Undeliverable ETF Unit(s), an amount equal to the portion 
of the Number of ETF Units to be Delivered relating to such Undeliverable ETF Unit(s) (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) at the time of the Relevant Valuation Date. 
Quotation Valuation Time means, with respect to a Quotation, the time specified as such in Final Terms. 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the ETF Units or the Undeliverable ETF Units, as relevant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise 
in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date and expressed in the 
Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
Currency Rate provided that in relation to ETF Units that takes the form in whole or in part of cash, the Realisable 
Amount for such portion of the ETF Units which related to cash shall be equal to the amount of the cash expressed 
in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the Currency Rate. 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETF, (a) each exchange or quotation system specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and/or where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such ETF and (b) any successor exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to 
an ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) Exchange Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and an Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in 
"Valuation Time" below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Observation Date.

--- Page 470 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
470 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, either (a) in the case of a single ETF, Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) 
or (b) in the case of a Basket of ETF, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per ETF Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of 
ETF and Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Basis) means, in respect of all ETF, any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Basis) means, in respect of an ETF, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange in respect of such ETF are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and relevant Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the ETF Linked Securities. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETF Unit, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a 
result of which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such ETF Unit. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable ETF Unit means the ETF Unit, or portion of an ETF Unit, which, on the Physical Settlement Date 
for such ETF Unit, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the 
Securityholder to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant Clearance System or due to any law, 
regulation, court order or market conditions) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Physical 
Settlement Date or any ETF Unit which the Issuer otherwise does not Deliver in the relevant Physical Settlement 
Date. 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETF or the ETF Service Provider 
that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant 
cut off time as set forth in the ETF Documents. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF: 
(a) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Scheduled Closing Time on 
the relevant Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; 
(b) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any time from the opening time 
for the regular trading session for the relevant Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that Exchange 
on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(c) 
If "Closing/Intraday – SIV" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time; and provided further that solely in relation to the determination of any value as specified in 
the Final Terms (a Specified Intraday Value), Valuation Time shall mean any time from the opening 
time for the regular trading session for the relevant Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that 
Exchange on the relevant date. 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained from the ETF Unit 
Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for a number of ETF Units or 
Undeliverable ETF Units, as the case may be, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount 
that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 471 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
471 
 
Weighting means, in relation to an ETF Unit comprised in a Basket, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such ETF Unit in the Basket. 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines, is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time or (iii) an Early Closure, each as defined below: 
(i) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETF, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (A) relating to the ETF on the Exchange or (B) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (A) the ETF on the Exchange, or (B) 
futures or options contracts relating to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(iii) 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (A) the relevant Exchange, 
or (B) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time 
is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of (I) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (II) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a single ETF, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the first 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the ETF 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
its good faith estimate of the ETF Closing Price as of the Valuation Time for such 
Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine the relevant ETF Closing Price (or a method for determining an ETF Closing 
Price) for such day, taking into consideration the latest available relevant ETF Closing 
Price and any other information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
(ii) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a Basket of ETFs: 
(A) 
for each ETF not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation Date 
shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and

--- Page 472 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
472 
 
(B) 
for each ETF affected (each an Affected ETF) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the 
ETF Determination Date relating to such Affected ETF, unless each 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and including the Disruption 
Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected ETF, in which case 
(1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
relevant Affected ETF and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good 
faith estimate of the ETF Closing Price for the relevant Affected ETF as of the 
Valuation Time for such Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple 
Affected ETFs, the latest ETF Determination Date will be the ETF 
Determination Date for the purpose of ETF Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; 
or 
(II) 
determine the ETF Closing Price (or a method for determining an ETF Closing 
Price) of the Affected ETF for such day, taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for the relevant ETF Closing Price and any other 
information that in good faith it deems relevant,  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the ETF Closing Price in accordance 
with ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i) or ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(ii) above, as 
the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for the occurrence of the Disrupted Day: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine the date(s) 
on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be 
made to an exchange traded fund derivative transaction in the interbank market 
following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to 
such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A), the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an Observation 
Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action proposed to be taken 
by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 473 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
473 
 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant ETF Closing Price, and if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, ETF 
Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or 
amount on the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging 
Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were an 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date for the relevant ETF; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of ETFs, the Averaging Date for each ETF not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the Averaging 
Date for any ETF affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in relation to such ETF that is not a Disrupted Day 
in relation to such ETF and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time on or after the 
Trade Date: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETF Units, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such ETF Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation 
or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Units of (i) an additional 
quantity of such ETF Units or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such ETF Units or (iii) share capital or other securities of another issuer

--- Page 474 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
474 
 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend paid by the ETF; 
(d) 
a repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is 
cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of ETF Units initiated by an 
investor in such ETF that is consistent with the ETF Documents; or 
(e) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the ETF or quantity of ETF Units. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the ETF or Basket of ETF and, if so: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under 
the Securities and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In 
making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent 
adjustment(s) which would be made to an exchange traded fund derivative transaction in the 
interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such 
adjustment(s); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph (i) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); 
Upon the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Certain ETF Linked Securities in European Currencies 
In respect of any ETF originally quoted, listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency of a member 
state of the European Union that has not adopted the single currency in accordance with the EU Treaty, if 
such ETF are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, listed and/or dealt exclusively in Euro on the relevant 
Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified, the principal market on which those ETF are traded, then 
the Calculation Agent may make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any relevant term(s) of the ETF 
Linked Securities as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the 
ETF Linked Security. The Calculation Agent will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any 
such adjustment as of the Valuation Time at the appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined 
by the Calculation Agent prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this paragraph will 
affect the currency denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the ETF Linked Security. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 475 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
475 
 
3.3 
Extraordinary Events and consequences 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each an 
Extraordinary Event) on or after the Trade Date: 
(i) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider, 
as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the ETF or an ETF 
Service Provider with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates may make subscriptions and/or 
redemptions in the ETF Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and 
redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the ETF Documents), including as the case may 
be the rebates of management fees to be paid to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates, the termination of such agreement by the ETF or an ETF 
Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to 
be in full force and effect or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates 
or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
(ii) 
Closure of the ETF means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any reason other 
than those mentioned in (iv) below; 
(iii) 
ETF Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve 
months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETF Adviser (including the ETF) has 
decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets); 
(iv) 
ETF Insolvency Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any ETF, that such ETF (A) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-
up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (B) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (C) (I) institutes 
or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation 
by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (II) has instituted against it a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person 
or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (1) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; (D) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (E) has a secured party take possession 
of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other 
legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (F) causes or is subject to any event with 
respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (A) through (E) above; 
(v) 
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the related ETF Documents prevailing 
on the Issue Date of the Securities, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such 
ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 476 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
476 
 
(vi) 
ETF Service Provider Event means (A) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of 
any ETF Service Provider, (B) a change of control or indirect control of any ETF Service 
Provider, (C) any of the ETF Service Provider is subject to an ETF Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as ETF Insolvency 
Event described in (iv) above, except that ETF is replaced by ETF Service Provider, (D) in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer 
deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue 
Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the 
management of the ETF has occurred or an ETF Service Provider ceases to exist; 
(vii) 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETF's aggregate Net Asset Value under an amount 
that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant 
effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating expenses or would increase 
the proportion of the ETF Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds 
managed by the same, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the 
ETF Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
(viii) 
Merger Event means the conversion of the ETF Units into another class of fund units or 
securities, or the split of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance 
of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
(ix) 
Nationalisation means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(x) 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any ETF, (A) cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of such ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over such ETF Units or ETF, (B) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory 
treatments of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an 
adverse impact on the value of such ETF or on any investor therein (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), or (C) such ETF or any of its ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority 
involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from 
the operation of such ETF or ETF Service Provider; 
(xi) 
Reporting Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any ETF, any failure of such ETF to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (A) information that 
such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (B) 
information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such 
ETF, or its authorised representative's, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to monitor such ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such ETF; 
(xii) 
Strategy Breach means (A) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETF or 
the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
or (B) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of 
the ETF from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Securities by reason of, but not 
limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets 
in which the ETF invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the ETF; 
(xiii) 
De-listing Event means, in respect of an ETF, that such ETF: (A) ceases to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange (for 
any reason other than a Merger Event or a tender offer) and is not immediately re-listed, retraded 
or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or 
where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union)

--- Page 477 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
477 
 
or (B) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of 
liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant ETF); 
However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (A) and (B) above, a De-listing Event shall 
not occur in respect of the ETF if the ETF is immediately re-listed, re-traded and re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system within the same jurisdiction as the Exchange; 
(xiv) 
NAV Currency Event means that the Net Asset Value of the ETF is no longer denominated in 
the currency in which it was denominated on the Issue Date; 
(xv) 
NAV Calculation Disruption Event means, in respect of the ETF and a ETF Valuation Day, 
that (A) the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, determines that an event (other than 
an event described in paragraph (xvii) below) has occurred which affect the ETF negatively and 
make it impossible or impracticable to calculate and/or publish the Net Asset Value of the ETF 
as of such day and (B) such event has been continuing for more than five (5) Scheduled Trading 
Days; 
(xvi) 
ETF Settlement Disruption means in respect of an ETF and an ETF Valuation Day, a failure by 
the ETF to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date by which the ETF 
was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such ETF as of 
such date, including without limitation due to (A) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such ETF to 
a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of 
existing holders of the ETF Units, (B) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions 
orders that the ETF (or the ETF Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption 
orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETF normally accepts redemption 
orders, (C) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the ETF (or 
the ETF Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), 
or (D) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring 
after the financial statements of the ETF have been reviewed by the ETF's statutory auditors, in 
each case whether these events are imposed by the ETF without being envisaged in the ETF 
Documents on the ETF launch date or are already envisaged by the ETF Documents on the ETF 
launch date and are solely implemented by the ETF after such date; 
(xvii) 
Tender Offer means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that 
results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, 
by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETF, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant; 
(xviii) 
ETF Reclassification means (A) the reclassification of the ETF Units, (B) the index that the ETF 
tracks changes or (C) the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of the ETF into, another 
fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal 
for the foregoing occurs); or 
(xix) 
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (A) the suspension of transfers of any ETF 
Units, (B) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETF Units, 
(C) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in respect of the ETF 
Units, or (D) the introduction or proposed introduction of subscription or redemption fees with 
respect to the ETF Units in excess of those in effect as of the Issue Date,

--- Page 478 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
478 
 
(b) 
then: 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (viii) above only, the Calculation Agent may replace the ETF Units 
by the kind and number of units or other securities and property receivable on such conversion, 
split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETF Units prior to such 
conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the 
value of the ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such ETF; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may (A) identify an exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) having an 
investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected by the Extraordinary 
Event (the Affected ETF) and (B) adjust any relevant terms of the Securities to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities; for information 
purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where an ETF is substituted, on any 
date "t", with a Substitute ETF, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected 
by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute ETF and would mean the closing 
price of such Substitute ETF on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an 
appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETF on such 
date "t"; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under 
the Securities and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In 
making any such adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent 
adjustment(s) which would be made to an exchange traded fund derivative transaction in the 
interbank market following the relevant event occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such 
adjustment(s); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(c) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the 
Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.4 
Correction of the ETF Closing Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) Exchange Business Days prior to 
the due date for any payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the ETF Closing Price, if the ETF 
Closing Price published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange, the price to 
be used shall be the price of the ETF as so corrected. Corrections published after the day, which is three (3) 
Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the ETF 
Closing Price, will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to 
be paid. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Condition 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 479 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
479 
 
3.5 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF 
or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to maintain 
the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF) (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price risk of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due 
to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any 
of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if 
an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such

--- Page 480 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
480 
 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
3.6 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these ETF Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.6, the relevant 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.  
4. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
(a) 
If "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then upon 
redemption of the Securities in accordance with General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by Instalments and 
Final Redemption), the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or prior to 
the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1(b), ETF Linked Asset 
Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of ETF Units) and ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.5 (Asset Transfer 
Notice), redeem such ETF Linked Security or, in the case of ETF Linked Securities linked to a Basket of 
ETF Units, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.7 
(Basket ETF Linked Securities), respectively, by Delivering the Physical Settlement Amount in lieu of 
paying the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. In the event 
the number of ETF Units comprises any Fractional ETF Unit, the Physical Settlement Amount to be 
Delivered in respect of each Security will include only the Number of ETF Units to be Delivered and a 
Fractional ETF Unit Amount will be payable by the Issuer to the relevant Securityholder in lieu of such 
Fractional ETF Unit. 
(b) 
If "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4.1(a) shall only apply in the circumstances in which Physical Settlement is deemed to 
apply in the manner set out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method 
Conditions)). 
(c) 
If (i) either "Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer determines (in its sole discretion) that there is a Dividend 
Amount, the Issuer will, in addition to Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount and payment of any 
Fractional ETF Unit Amount in accordance with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) above, pay to each

--- Page 481 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
481 
 
Securityholder the Dividend Pass-through Amount on, or as soon as practicable after, the date on which 
such Delivery takes place. 
For the purpose of the above: 
Dividend Amount means any amount received (after taking into account any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of taxes and duties but not including any tax credits) by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to a Hedge Transaction on account of a 
dividend paid in relation to an ETF Unit which forms part of the Physical Settlement Amount in the period 
from, but excluding, the Observation Date relating to the Redemption Date (or if there is no such 
Observation Date, such other date as is determined by the Calculation Agent) to, but excluding, the date 
on which Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount takes place and converted where necessary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate. 
Dividend Pass-through Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to a pro rata share 
of the Dividend Amount provided that (a) where the Securities are due to be redeemed by way of payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, the Dividend Pass-through Amount 
shall be zero and (b) where some or all of the Securities are redeemed by payment of the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount, the Dividend Pass-through Amount shall be zero. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction(s) or asset(s) deemed necessary by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates and which is entered into or acquired by 
such party solely to hedge the equity price risk in relation to the relevant Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, impossible 
(including, without limitation, as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event), impractical (including, without 
limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or incorrect account or transfer information or there is 
illiquidity in the market for ETF) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event beyond the control 
of the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent impossible, impractical or 
illegal for the relevant Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to accept Delivery of all the ETF Units on the related 
Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the ETF Units for which it is 
possible, practicable and legal to take Delivery and will continue to attempt to Deliver any ETF Units not so 
Delivered until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. If any Undeliverable ETF Units have not been 
Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then partial cash settlement shall apply 
with respect to the ETF Unit(s) and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant 
Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of ETF Units 
If the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any ETF Unit other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated 
in ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality) or 
the Securityholder fails to comply with the procedures set out in this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4, such failure 
shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of the Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue to 
attempt to Deliver the ETF Unit until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
If, at the relevant Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the relevant ETF Unit has not been Delivered, then 
partial cash settlement shall apply with respect to such ETF Unit and the relevant Issuer shall pay to the 
Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.

--- Page 482 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
482 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.4 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the ETF Unit pursuant to the provisions of this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4 shall be made 
in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be 
appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver", all expenses including, without 
limitation, any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax 
and/or other taxes or duties (together the Delivery Expenses) arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the 
Physical Settlement Amount shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer 
of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of 
the Delivery Agent by the relevant Securityholder. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the ETF Units shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery or transfer 
payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
4.5 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4 unless it has complied with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical Settlement Procedures). 
For so long as the ETF Linked Securities are held in any clearing system, any communication from such clearing 
system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the information required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be 
treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Securities are represented by a Global Security, surrender of 
ETF Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Security and its endorsement 
to note the nominal amount of ETF Linked Securities to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.6 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
Subject to (g) below in respect of ETF Linked Securities that are CMU Securities, if "Physical Settlement" 
or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Delivery 
of ETF Units in respect of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws and the provisions set out in this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall (or shall 
procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar relationship in respect 
of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (II) such lesser number of 
Business Days determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in 
respect of the relevant Series of Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date: 
(A) 
if the ETF Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a notice to 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy 
to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and the relevant Issuer, via the 
EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the ETF Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression shall, for the 
purposes of this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6, include Receipt(s) and, if applicable, 
all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5 
(Payments), a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer; or

--- Page 483 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
483 
 
(C) 
if the ETF Linked Security is a French Law Security, arrange for the Euroclear France 
Account Holder through which its Securities are held to deliver or Deliver, as the case 
may be, on its behalf to the French Paying Agent, a completed Asset Transfer Notice 
with a copy to the relevant Issuer and simultaneously transfer the relevant French Law 
Securities to the Euroclear France account of the French Paying Agent.  
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred to herein 
as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person from whom 
the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of ETF Linked Securities which are the subject of such notice and 
the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such ETF Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such ETF Linked 
Securities on the date on which such ETF Linked Securities are redeemed in accordance 
with ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1 (Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain 
details for Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings;  
(C) 
in the case of French Law Securities, confirm the irrevocable instruction given to the 
Euroclear France Account Holder through which the relevant Securities are held to 
immediately transfer such Securities to the Euroclear France account of the French 
Paying Agent;  
(D) 
in the case of French Law Securities, include an authority to the Relevant Clearing 
System to debit a specified account of the Securityholder with the Relevant Clearing 
System in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; and  
(E) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the ETF Linked 
Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the ETF Linked Securities

--- Page 484 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
484 
 
specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by DTC and/or Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and delivered 
as provided in this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 shall be made by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after consultation with the 
Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of ETF Linked Securities in definitive form) the 
Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the ETF Linked Securities referred to therein 
according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each ETF Linked Security, the Physical Settlement Amount will 
be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery on the Physical 
Settlement Date for the ETF Linked Securities, provided that the relevant ETF Linked Security in 
definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than the close of business in Luxembourg on the date 
(the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of ETF Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive Security to which 
such Notice relates, are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of business on the Notice Cut-Off 
Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the due date for 
redemption of the ETF Linked Securities, at the risk of such Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) and 4.1(b) (Delivery 
and payment), such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, whether of interest 
or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due date for 
redemption of the ETF Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions of this ETF Linked Asset Condition 
4.6 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a notice is validly delivered 
on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures that a Notice is 
delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the Notice Cut-Off Date or, in 
the case of ETF Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver the Definitive Security related thereto, 
or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in ETF Linked 
Asset Condition 4.4 (Delivery and Fees), the relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation in 
respect of such ETF Linked Security and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect 
thereof. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be at the 
risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Securityholder where the 
Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in circumstances beyond the control of either 
the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent.

--- Page 485 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 6: ETF Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
485 
 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder pursuant to 
this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6 but prior to the time when the Securityholder (or its designee) 
becomes the holder of the relevant ETF Unit (the Intervening Period), neither the relevant Issuer nor its 
agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such Securityholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such relevant ETF Unit any letter, note, notice, circular, dividend or any other 
document or payment whatsoever received by the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as 
the holder of such relevant ETF Unit, (ii) exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to 
such relevant ETF Unit during the Intervening Period nor be under any obligation to exercise any such 
rights during the Intervening Period (either on its own behalf or on behalf of any Securityholder or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant ETF Unit), or (iii) be under any liability to such 
Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant ETF Unit in respect of any loss or 
damage which such Securityholder or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such relevant ETF Unit. 
(f) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a ETF Unit as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or any 
Securityholder may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use of an Escrow Agent (in the 
case of any such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities held by such 
Securityholder). Any costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing such escrow arrangement 
shall be borne by the relevant Securityholder. 
(g) 
CMU Securities 
In relation to any ETF Linked Securities that are CMU Securities, any Delivery of ETF Units in respect 
of the Physical Settlement Amount for such ETF Linked Securities shall not follow the procedure set out 
in this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4.6, and the procedure that shall apply for such Delivery shall be in 
accordance with the rules of the CMU, and as agreed with the Hong Kong Paying Agent and the relevant 
Issuer, and set out in the applicable Final Terms for such ETF Linked Securities. 
4.7 
Basket ETF Linked Securities 
If the ETF Linked Securities are Basket ETF Linked Securities, then the provisions of this ETF Linked Asset 
Condition 4 relating to physical settlement of ETF Linked Securities shall apply to each ETF Linked Security with 
respect to each ETF Unit separately unless provided otherwise in this ETF Linked Asset Condition 4. The remaining 
provisions of these ETF Linked Asset Conditions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 486 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
486 
 
Chapter 7: Asset Conditions: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Share Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Share Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that Share Linked Interest Securities or Share Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These Share 
Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Share Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Share Linked Asset Conditions to a Share Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these 
Share Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Share Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Share Linked Interest Securities); or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount; (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Share Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the Share Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of a Share Linked Security where the Share Price is used to determine an Underlying Value 
and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed 
Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Trading Days in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket or Basket of Shares means a basket composed of Shares (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions 
or numbers of Shares specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Basket Company means a company whose shares are included in the Basket of Shares and Basket Companies 
means all such companies. 
Basket Share Linked Securities means Share Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one Share, as, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearance System means the clearance system specified as such for such Share in the Final Terms or any successor 
to such clearance system as determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Final Terms does not specify a Clearance 
System, the Clearance System will be the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades

--- Page 487 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
487 
 
in the relevant Share. If the Clearance System ceases to settle trades in such Share, the Calculation Agent will 
determine what is deemed to be the relevant Clearance System. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
Currency Rate means with respect to the relevant Share, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency 
and the Share Currency. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on the Currency Screen Page as of the Currency 
Specified Date at the Currency Specified Time or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or such Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant rate shall be the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate, 
Currency Specified Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
date determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Specified Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the relevant exchange rate or, if no such Currency Specified Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
specified time determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in commercially reasonable manner. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable Share (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary 
actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Share, to the relevant Issuer or the Securityholders, as 
the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without limitation, 
any counterclaim, defence or right of set-off by or of the Share Company or Basket Company, as applicable. 
Delivered and Delivery will be construed accordingly. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, in respect of any Share comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled Trading 
Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer prior to 
the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to the terms of the 
escrow arrangement. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) or (ii) the Exchange 
Business Day (Per Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified 
as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply for 
a Basket of Shares and Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Share Basis) means, in respect of all Shares, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 488 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
488 
 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Fractional Share means, per Specified Denomination, any fraction of a Share arising from determining the Number 
of Shares. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Fractional Share will be rounded down to three decimal 
places closer. 
Fractional Share Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to the product of the Fractional 
Share and the relevant Share Price attributable to the relevant Share on the Observation Date related to the relevant 
Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as applicable, converted where necessary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Full Quotation means a firm bid quotation obtained from a Share Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time, to the 
extent reasonably practicable, for a number of Undeliverable Shares equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, 150 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date 
(or any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any determination by the Calculation Agent that 
the relevant Issuer, or the Delivery Agent on its behalf, is or will be unable to, or it will be impossible, impractical 
or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on its behalf to, Deliver all or any portion of the Shares). 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Number of Shares means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Share Linked Security linked to one single Share: 
(i) 
the number of relevant Shares per Specified Denomination specified as a number in the Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by reference to 
"Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", the number of Shares, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Specified Denomination by (A) 
the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is 
specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Share Price (or a percentage of such relevant Share 
Price) attributable to the relevant Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by reference to 
"Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption Amount", the number 
of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the Final Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, calculated per Specified 
Denomination by (A) the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical 
Settlement Share Price is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Share Price (or a percentage 
of such relevant Share Price) attributable to the relevant Share on the relevant Observation Date

--- Page 489 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
489 
 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement 
Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as is specified in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Basket Share Linked Security and for each Physical Settlement Share comprised in the 
Basket: 
(i) 
the number of relevant Physical Settlement Shares in the Basket per Specified Denomination 
specified as a number in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by reference to 
"Calculation Agent Determination – Specified Denomination", for each Physical Settlement 
Share, the number of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting from dividing the 
Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the relevant Share in 
the Final Terms, the product of the Specified Denomination and the applicable Weighting) by 
(A) the relevant Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is 
specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Share Price (or a percentage of such Share Price) 
attributable to the relevant Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate 
(or, if there is no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that the Number of Shares is determined by reference to 
"Calculation Agent Determination – Final / Instalment Redemption Amount", for each 
Physical Settlement Share, the number of Shares, determined by the Calculation Agent, resulting 
from dividing the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, calculated per Specified Denomination (or, if a Weighting is expressed to be applicable to the 
relevant Share in the Final Terms, the product of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, and the applicable Weighting) by (A) the relevant 
Physical Settlement Share Price or (B) if no Physical Settlement Share Price is specified in the 
Final Terms, the relevant Share Price (or a percentage of such Share Price) attributable to the 
relevant Share on the relevant Observation Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
converted where necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate (or, if there is 
no such Observation Date, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iv) 
such other determination as specified in the Final Terms. 
Number of Shares to be Delivered means the Number of Shares, rounded down to the lower whole Share. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions of Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted 
Days) below shall apply. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where (a) "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and Physical Settlement is deemed to apply in the manner set out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set 
out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions)), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Realisable Amount determined for each Undeliverable Share. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable Share, the date falling three (3) Exchange 
Business Days after the determination of the realisable value of such Undeliverable Share or such other date falling 
such number of Exchange Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Amount as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 490 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
490 
 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of the relevant Share, the Number of Shares. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Shares which constitute the Physical Settlement Amount shall not be Shares of the Issuer or any member 
of the Issuer's Group. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Share where such Physical Settlement Period starts on the Redemption Date 
or Instalment Date, as the case may be, or such other date specified in the Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement Period means, in respect of a Share, the number of Exchange Business Days specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if a number of Exchange Business Days is not so specified, then the longest number of 
Exchange Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Share, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Physical Settlement Share means, in relation to a Basket of Shares: 
(a) 
if "All Shares" is specified in the Final Terms, each Share in the Basket; and 
(b) 
if "Best of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Best of Performance in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions which 
are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(c) 
if "Worst of Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Worst of Performance in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions which 
are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(d) 
if "Worst of Performance A" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Worst of Performance A in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions 
which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(e) 
if "Worst of Performance B" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Worst of Performance B in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions 
which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(f) 
if "Xth Worst Performance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Share in the Basket which the Calculation 
Agent determines has the Xth Worst Performance in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions 
which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; or 
(g) 
the Share in the Basket which the Calculation Agent determines as having such other characteristic 
identified in the Standard Payoff Conditions which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) to (g) above, if the Calculation Agent determines that there is more 
than one type of Share which, as the case may be, is any of (i) the Best of Performance, (ii) Worst of Performance, 
(iii) Worst of Performance A, (iv) Worst of Performance B, (v) Xth Worst Performance or (vi) satisfies any other 
characteristic which is used to determine the Physical Settlement Share as set out in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine which of such types of Shares is the Physical Settlement Share in its sole discretion. 
Physical Settlement Share Price means, in respect of a Share, the price (or a percentage of such price) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Quotation means, in respect of an Undeliverable Share, each Full Quotation or Weighted Average Quotation, as 
the case may be, obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation Amount, with respect to a Relevant 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date 
from three (3) or more Share Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more such 
Full Quotations on the same Exchange Business Day within three (3) Exchange Business Days of the 
Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following Exchange Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Exchange Business Day thereafter until the tenth (10th) Exchange Business Day following the applicable

--- Page 491 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
491 
 
Relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from three (3) or 
more Share Dealers and, if two (2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average 
Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same Exchange Business Day on or prior to the tenth (10th) Exchange Business 
Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Share Dealer at the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) Exchange 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the 
Share obtained from Share Dealers at the Quotation Valuation Time on such tenth (10th) Exchange 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero (0) for the balance of the Quotation Amount for 
which firm quotations were not obtained on such day; and 
(b) 
if any Quotation obtained is expressed by a Share Dealer as a percentage, the Calculation Agent shall, for 
the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would be if expressed as an amount payable for the 
Quotation Amount. 
Quotation Amount means with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Share, an amount equal to the portion 
of the Number of Shares relating to such Undeliverable Share (as determined by the Calculation Agent) at the time 
of the Relevant Valuation Date. 
Quotation Valuation Time means, with respect to a Quotation, the time specified as such in Final Terms. 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the Undeliverable Share(s), as relevant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance 
with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date and expressed in the Settlement 
Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
currency rate provided that in relation to Shares that take the form in whole or in part of cash, the Realisable Amount 
for such portion of the Shares which related to cash shall be equal to the amount of the cash expressed in the 
Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
relevant currency rate. 
Related Exchange means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which option contracts or 
futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
applicable Final Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) Exchange Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided in 
"Valuation Time" below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) 
or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) shall be deemed to apply for a Basket of 
Shares and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) shall apply otherwise.

--- Page 492 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
492 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Share Basis) means, in respect of all Shares, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Share Linked Securities. 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of 
which the relevant Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of such Share. 
Share means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Share Linked Asset Conditions, the shares specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Share Company means, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the company that has issued 
such Share. 
Share Currency means the currency or currencies in which a Share is denominated. 
Share Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Share for which quotations are to be obtained (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Securityholder or 
its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Share Determination Date has the meaning set out in Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the 
occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Share Price means, in respect of a Share and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the price of such Share on the relevant 
Exchange at the Valuation Time during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if applicable) 
pursuant to the provisions of Share Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to Share Linked Securities) below 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that in accordance with market conventions, such method of determining 
the Share Price is not appropriate in which case the Share Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the 
Calculation Agent, having regard to such market conventions. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Share means the Share, or portion of the Share, which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such 
Share, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the Securityholder 
to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court 
order or market conditions) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Physical Settlement Date or 
any Shares which the Issuer otherwise does not Deliver on the relevant Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share: 
(a) 
if "Closing" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Scheduled Closing Time on 
the relevant Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; 
(b) 
if "Intraday" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any time from the opening time 
for the regular trading session for the relevant Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that Exchange 
on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(c) 
if "Closing/Intraday – SIV" is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Scheduled Trading Day, provided that if the 
relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual

--- Page 493 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
493 
 
closing time; and provided further that solely in relation to the determination of any value as specified in 
the Final Terms (a Specified Intraday Value), Valuation Time shall mean any time from the opening 
time for the regular trading session for the relevant Exchange to the Scheduled Closing Time for that 
Exchange on the relevant date. 
Weighting means, in relation to a Share comprised in a Basket of Shares, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Share in the Basket. 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained from the Share Dealers 
at the Quotation Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for a number of Undeliverable Shares, 
as the case may be, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in the aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Events, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure as defined below: 
(i) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (A) relating to the Share on the Exchange or (B) in futures or options contracts relating 
to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share on the relevant 
Exchange or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to the relevant Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(iii) 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on 
such Exchange Business Day. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the first 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Share 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Share as of the Valuation Time for 
such Disruption Longstop Date; or

--- Page 494 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
494 
 
(B) 
determine the value for the relevant Share (or a method for determining an such value) 
for such day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant 
Share and any other information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Share Price; 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(A) 
for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation Date 
shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each Share affected (each an Affected Share) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the 
Share Determination Date relating to such Affected Share, unless each 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and including the Disruption 
Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Share, in which 
case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
relevant Affected Share and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Affected Share as of the Valuation 
Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple Affected Shares, 
the latest Share Determination Date will be the Share Determination Date for 
the purpose of Share Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; or 
(II) 
determine the value for the relevant Affected Shares (or a method for 
determining such value) for such day, taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for the relevant Share and any other information that in 
good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the value for the relevant Affected 
Share;  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Share Price in accordance with 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i) or Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(ii) above, as the 
case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account 
for such Market Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine the date(s) 
on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be 
made to an equity derivative transaction in the market following the relevant event 
occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an Observation

--- Page 495 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
495 
 
Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action proposed to be taken 
by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto; and 
(v) 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant Share Price, and if through the operation of this provision 
no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Share Linked 
Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on 
the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date for the relevant Share; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Shares, the Averaging Date for each Share not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the Averaging 
Date for any Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in relation to such Share that is not a Disrupted Day 
in relation to such Share and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day in relation to such Share and on which another Averaging Date 
in respect of the relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging 
Disruption Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be 
deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time on or 
after the Trade Date:

--- Page 496 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
496 
 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders 
of the relevant Shares of (I) such Shares or (II) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares or (III) share capital or other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(IV) any other type of securities, rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant 
Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or any of its subsidiaries or Share Company or any 
of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that 
results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of 
common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for 
a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption 
of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the 
terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any 
relevant term(s) of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (II) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; the Calculation Agent may, but need 
not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of 
such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Shares 
traded on that options exchange; 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14

--- Page 497 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
497 
 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; 
payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), stating the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the Securities and giving brief 
details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(iii) 
Adjustments to Certain Share Linked Securities in European Currencies 
In respect of any Shares originally quoted, listed and/or dealt as of the Trade Date in a currency 
of a member state of the European Union that has not adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the EU Treaty, if such Shares are at any time after the Trade Date quoted, listed and/or dealt 
exclusively in Euro on the relevant Exchange or, where no Exchange is specified, the principal 
market on which those Shares are traded, then the Calculation Agent may make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any relevant term(s) of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to preserve the economic terms of the Share Linked Security. The Calculation Agent 
will make any conversion necessary for the purposes of any such adjustment as of the Valuation 
Time at an appropriate mid-market spot rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent 
prevailing as of the Valuation Time. No adjustments under this paragraph will affect the currency 
denomination of any payment obligation arising out of the Share Linked Security. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Extraordinary Event means any of Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation 
and Insolvency, as determined by the Calculation Agent on or after the Trade Date. 
De-Listing means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces that pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in another 
member state of the European Union). 
Insolvency means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting a Basket Company or Share Company, (a) all the Shares of that Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, 
liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity 
or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which

--- Page 498 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
498 
 
such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (c) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket 
Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with 
or into another entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on 
or before in the case of settlement by way of Cash, the last occurring Observation Date. 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. (the Percentage Range) of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which the voting shares in 
the amount of the Percentage Range are actually purchased or otherwise obtained, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share on or after the Trade Date, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions 
described in (I), (II) or (III) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the Conditions of the 
Securities to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment; the relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities; the 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-
Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, made by any options 
exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange; or 
(II) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s); 
or

--- Page 499 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
499 
 
(III) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after 
the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date of the Nationalisation, 
Insolvency or De-Listing (as the case may be), require the Calculation Agent 
to adjust the Basket of Shares by including shares selected by it in accordance 
with the criteria for share selection set out below (the Substitute Shares) in 
place of the Affected Share(s) and the Substitute Shares will be deemed to be 
Shares and the relevant issuer of such shares, a Share Company or a Basket 
Company for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to the Conditions of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate; 
such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
Substitution Date) in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the 
notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the Merger Date or Tender 
Offer Date or the date of the Nationalisation, Insolvency or De-Listing, as 
applicable. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share (if any) will to the extent practicable, be set 
equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
(B) 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(I) 
is not already comprised in the Basket of Shares; 
(II) 
the issuer of which belongs to a similar economic sector as the Share Company 
or Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(III) 
the issuer of which is of comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Share Company or Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may 
be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the 
case of a substitution of Shares, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date. 
As the case may be, payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Insolvency Filing 
If an Insolvency Filing (as determined by the Calculation Agent) occurs, the relevant Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Insolvency Filing and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices).

--- Page 500 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
500 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Filing, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of such 
Insolvency Filing and giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
Insolvency Filing means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it 
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not 
consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
(d) 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior 
to the due date for any payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the price of a Share, if the 
price of relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make 
any determination under the Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the 
relevant Exchange, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day, which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Securities calculated by reference to the price of a Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend Disruption 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of a Share or relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Share or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to 
maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to a Share) (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk (including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations

--- Page 501 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
501 
 
with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the equity risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Dividend Disruption means, unless Dividend Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, any of the following events in respect of a gross cash dividend declared by the Share 
Company or Basket Company, as applicable, to holders of record for a Share (a Declared Dividend): 
(i) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such Share Company or Basket Company to the holders 
of record of the Share (notwithstanding that such payment is made to either any relevant taxing 
authority or holders of record) is not equal to the Declared Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch); 
(ii) 
the Share Company or Basket Company fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of that 
Declared Dividend by the third Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant due date (a 
Dividend Nonpayment); or 
(iii) 
the Share Company or Basket Company notifies all holders of record of a Share that the Declared 
Dividend will no longer be paid (a Dividend Cancellation). 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if 
an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then:

--- Page 502 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
502 
 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition 3.4, the relevant 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.  
4. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
(a) 
If "Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, upon a 
redemption of the Securities in accordance with General Condition 6.1 (Redemption by Instalments and 
Final Redemption), the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or prior to 
the related Physical Settlement Date and subject to Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1(b), Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), Share 
Linked Asset Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of Shares) and Share Linked Asset Condition 4.5 (Asset 
Transfer Notice), redeem such Share Linked Security or, in the case of Share Linked Securities linked to 
a Basket of Shares, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with Share Linked Asset 
Condition 4.7 (Basket Share Linked Securities), respectively, by Delivering the Physical Settlement 
Amount in lieu of paying the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be. In the event the Number of Shares comprises any Fractional Share, the Physical Settlement 
Amount to be Delivered in respect of each Security will include only the Number of Shares to be Delivered 
and a Fractional Share Amount will be payable by the Issuer to the relevant Securityholder in lieu of such 
Fractional Share. 
(b) 
If "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4.1(a) shall only apply in the circumstances in which Physical Settlement is deemed to 
apply in the manner set out in Redemption Method Condition 5 (as set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method 
Conditions)). 
(c) 
If (i) either "Physical Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Issuer determines (in its sole discretion) that there is a Dividend 
Amount, the Issuer will, in addition to Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount and payment of any 
Fractional Share Amount in accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) above, pay to each 
Securityholder the Dividend Pass-through Amount on, or as soon as practicable after, the date on which 
such Delivery takes place. 
For the purpose of the above: 
Dividend Amount means any amount received (after taking into account any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of taxes and duties but not including any tax credits) by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates pursuant to a Hedge Transaction on account of a 
dividend paid in relation to a Share which forms part of the Physical Settlement Amount in the period 
from, but excluding, the Observation Date relating to the Redemption Date (or if there is no such 
Observation Date, such other date as is determined by the Calculation Agent) to, but excluding, the date 
on which Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount takes place and converted where necessary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate.

--- Page 503 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
503 
 
Dividend Pass-through Amount means an amount, per Specified Denomination, equal to a pro rata share 
of the Dividend Amount provided that (a) where the Securities are due to be redeemed by way of payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, the Dividend Pass-through Amount 
shall be zero and (b) where some or all of the Securities are redeemed by payment of the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount, the Dividend Pass-through Amount shall be zero. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction(s) or asset(s) deemed necessary by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates and which is entered into or acquired by 
such party solely to hedge the equity price risk in relation to the relevant Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Securities. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, impossible 
(including, without limitation, as a result of a Settlement Disruption Event), impractical (including, without 
limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or incorrect account or transfer information or there is 
illiquidity in the market for the Shares) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event beyond the 
control of the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent impossible, 
impractical or illegal for the relevant Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to accept Delivery of all the Shares on 
the related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the Shares for which 
it is possible, practicable and legal to take Delivery and will continue to attempt to Deliver any Shares not so 
Delivered until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. If any Undeliverable Shares have not been 
Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then partial cash settlement shall apply 
with respect to the Share(s) and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an amount 
equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned amongst the relevant Securityholders on the Partial 
Cash Settlement Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Shares 
If (a) the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any Share other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated 
in Share Linked Asset Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality) or 
(b) the Securityholder fails to comply with the procedures set out in this Share Linked Asset Condition 4, such 
failure shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of the Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue 
to attempt to Deliver the Share until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the relevant Share has not been Delivered, then 
partial cash settlement shall apply with respect to such Share and the relevant Issuer shall pay to the Securityholders 
an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Securityholders on 
the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
4.4 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Shares pursuant to the provisions of this Share Linked Asset Condition 4 shall be made 
in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be 
appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver", all expenses including, without 
limitation, any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax 
and/or other taxes or duties (together the Delivery Expenses) arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the 
Physical Settlement Amount shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer 
of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of 
the Delivery Agent by the relevant Securityholder.

--- Page 504 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
504 
 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Shares shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery or transfer 
payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
4.5 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this Share Linked 
Asset Condition 4 unless it has complied with Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 (Physical Settlement Procedures). 
For so long as the Share Linked Securities are held in any clearing system, any communication from such clearing 
system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the information required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be 
treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Securities are represented by a Global Security, surrender of 
Share Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Security and its endorsement 
to note the nominal amount of Share Linked Securities to which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.6 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
Subject to (g) below in respect of Share Linked Securities that are CMU Securities, if "Physical 
Settlement" or "Cash or Physical Settlement" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
any Delivery of Shares in respect of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws and the provisions set out in this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall (or shall 
procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar relationship in respect 
of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (II) such lesser number of 
Business Days determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in 
respect of the relevant Series of Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date: 
(A) 
if the Share Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a notice to 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy 
to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and the relevant Issuer, via the 
EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Share Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression shall, for the 
purposes of this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6, include Receipt(s) and, if applicable, 
all unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5 
(Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer. 
(C) 
if the Share Linked Security is a French Law Security, arrange for the Euroclear France 
Account Holder through which its Securities are held to deliver or Deliver, as the case 
may be, on its behalf to the French Paying Agent, a completed Asset Transfer Notice 
with a copy to the relevant Issuer and simultaneously transfer the relevant French Law 
Securities to the Euroclear France account of the French Paying Agent.  
 
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred to herein 
as a Notice.

--- Page 505 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
505 
 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person from whom 
the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of Share Linked Securities which are the subject of such notice and 
the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Share Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such Share Linked 
Securities on the date on which such Share Linked Securities are redeemed in 
accordance with Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1 (Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain 
details for Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings;  
(C) 
in the case of French Law Securities, confirm the irrevocable instruction given to the 
Euroclear France Account Holder through which the relevant Securities are held to 
immediately transfer such Securities to the Euroclear France account of the French 
Paying Agent;  
(D) 
in the case of French Law Securities, include an authority to the Relevant Clearing 
System to debit a specified account of the Securityholder with the Relevant Clearing 
System in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; an’  
(E) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Share Linked 
Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Share Linked Securities 
specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by DTC and/or Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and delivered 
as provided in this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 shall be made by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after consultation with the 
Delivery Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Securityholder.

--- Page 506 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
506 
 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Share Linked Securities in definitive form) 
the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Share Linked Securities referred to therein 
according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Share Linked Security, the Physical Settlement Amount will 
be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery on the Physical 
Settlement Date for the Share Linked Securities, provided that the relevant Share Linked Security in 
definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than the close of business in Luxembourg on the date 
(the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Share Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive Security to which 
such Notice relates, are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of business on the Notice Cut-Off 
Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the due date for 
redemption of the Share Linked Securities, at the risk of such Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Share Linked Asset Condition 4.1(a) and 4.1(b) (Delivery 
and payment), such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, whether of interest 
or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due date for 
redemption of the Share Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Share Linked Asset Condition 
4.6 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a notice is validly delivered 
on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures that a Notice is 
delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the Notice Cut-Off Date or, in 
the case of Share Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver the Definitive Security related 
thereto, or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in 
Share Linked Asset Condition 4.4 (Delivery and Fees), the relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its 
obligation in respect of such Share Linked Security and shall have no further obligation or liability 
whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be at the 
risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Securityholder where the 
Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in circumstances beyond the control of either 
the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder pursuant to 
this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6 but prior to the time when the Securityholder (or its designee) 
becomes the holder of the relevant Share (the Intervening Period), neither the relevant Issuer nor its agent 
or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of such relevant Share any letter, note, notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder of such 
relevant Share, (ii) exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such relevant Share 
during the Intervening Period nor be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the 
Intervening Period (either on its own behalf or on behalf of any Securityholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such relevant Share), or (iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any

--- Page 507 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
507 
 
subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Share in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Securityholder or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or 
indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such Intervening Period 
as legal owner of such relevant Share. 
(f) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a Share as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder 
may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use of an Escrow Agent (in the case of any 
such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities held by such Securityholder). Any 
costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the 
relevant Securityholder. 
(g) 
CMU Securities 
In relation to any Share Linked Securities that are CMU Securities, any Delivery of Shares in respect of 
the Physical Settlement Amount for such Share Linked Securities shall not follow the procedure set out in 
this Share Linked Asset Condition 4.6, and the procedure that shall apply for such Delivery shall be in 
accordance with the rules of the CMU, and as agreed with the Hong Kong Paying Agent and the relevant 
Issuer, and set out in the applicable Final Terms for such Share Linked Securities. 
4.7 
Basket Share Linked Securities 
If the Share Linked Securities are Basket Share Linked Securities, then the provisions of this Share Linked Asset 
Condition 4 relating to physical settlement of Share Linked Securities shall apply to each Share Linked Security 
with respect to each Share separately unless provided otherwise in this Share Linked Asset Condition 4. The 
remaining provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
5. 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT PROVISIONS 
5.1 
Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be 
applicable to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, the other 
provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions shall be deemed to be amended and modified as set out in this 
Share Linked Asset Condition 5.1. 
(a) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following at any time on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares 
(unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders of the 
relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares of (I) such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (II) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Basket Company, the Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares, or (III) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, 
as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (IV) any other type of 
securities, rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 508 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
508 
 
(C) 
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or Underlying Share is 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, in respect of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company, the Share Company or the Underlying Share Company, or 
any of their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company, Share 
Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights 
plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares; or 
(H) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, 
provided that an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) above in respect of the Underlying Shares shall not 
constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether: 
(i) 
in the case of an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment 
Event" occurring in respect of any Underlying Share, such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an event under (H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such Potential 
Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any 
relevant term(s) of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate to account for (1) in respect of an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) of the definition of 
"Potential Adjustment Event", that diluting or concentrative effect, and (2) in respect of an event under 
(H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such economic effect on the Securities, as the case 
may be (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (II) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, (amongst other factors) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by an options exchange to options on the Shares and/or Underlying Shares traded on that options exchange, 
or made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to, or does not, determine any adjustments for the purposes of the sub-
paragraph above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value

--- Page 509 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
509 
 
Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), stating 
the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the Securities and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment 
Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the DR 
Amendment. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect of an 
Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment to the Securities in connection 
with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent may (amongst other factors) have reference 
to any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e) 
The definitions of "Nationalisation", "Insolvency" and "De-Listing" shall be amended in accordance with 
the DR Amendment. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "De-Listing", a De-Listing shall not occur in 
respect of the Underlying Shares if the Underlying Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted 
on an exchange or quotation system regardless of the location of such exchange or quotation system. 
(g) 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii) shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share and/or Underlying Share, as the 
case may be, on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (I), (II), (III) or (IV) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the Conditions of the 
Securities to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Deposit Agreement Termination, as the case 
may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; the relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant 
to the Shares and/or the Underlying Shares, as the case may be, or to the 
Securities; the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Deposit Agreement 
Termination, as the case may be, made by any options exchange to options on 
the Shares and/or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, traded on that options 
exchange; or 
(II) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s); 
or 
(III) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after 
the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date of the Nationalisation,

--- Page 510 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
510 
 
Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit Agreement Termination (as the case may 
be), require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares by including 
shares selected by it in accordance with the criteria for share selection set out 
in (B) below (the Substitute Shares) in place of the Affected Share(s) and the 
Substitute Shares will be deemed to be Shares and the relevant issuer of such 
shares, a Share Company or a Basket Company for the purposes of the 
Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate; such substitution and the relevant 
adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as of the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but 
need not, be the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date or the date of the 
Nationalisation, Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit Agreement Termination, as 
applicable. 
The weighting of each Substitute Share (if any) will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Share. 
(B) 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(I) 
is not already comprised in the Basket of Shares; 
(II) 
the issuer of which belongs to (1) a similar economic sector as the Share 
Company or Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share, or (2) in the 
case of an Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying Share, a similar 
economic sector as the Underlying Share Company; and 
(III) 
the issuer of which is (1) of comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Share Company or Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share, or (2) in the case of an Extraordinary Event affecting an 
Underlying Share, of comparable market capitalisation, international standing 
and exposure as the Underlying Share Company.  
(C) 
For the purpose of this Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii), the definition of 
"Extraordinary Event" shall include a Deposit Agreement Termination." 
(h) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(i) 
The definition of "Hedging Disruption" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to: (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any 
relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities (including, in the case of Securities for 
which the applicable Final Terms specifies that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt 
Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more Share(s), such Share(s)) or (ii) realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) (including, 
in the case of Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that the "Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more Share(s), such 
Share(s)); or

--- Page 511 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
511 
 
(j) 
The definition of "Increased Cost of Hedging" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities (including, in the case of Securities for which the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that the "Partial Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more 
Share(s), such Share(s)), or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) 
(including, in the case of Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specifies that the "Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable to one or more Share(s), such Share(s)), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging." 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition 5.1 in 
accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision occurs in respect of an Underlying 
Shares or an Underlying Share Company, then the consequence of such event shall be interpreted consistently with 
the DR Amendment and such event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
5.2 
Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be 
applicable to a Share, then the provisions set out below shall apply, and, in relation to such Share, the other 
provisions of these Share Linked Asset Conditions shall be deemed to be amended and modified as set out in this 
Share Linked Asset Condition 5.2. 
(a) 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following at any time on or after the Trade Date: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares 
(unless resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders of the 
relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares of (I) such Shares and/or Underlying Shares, or (II) 
other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Basket Company, the Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares and/or 
Underlying Shares, or (III) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, 
as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (IV) any other type of 
securities, rights or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
in respect of a Share and/or Underlying Share, an amount per Share and/or Underlying Share is 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a call by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, in respect of relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares that are not fully paid;

--- Page 512 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
512 
 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company, the Share Company or the Underlying Share Company, or 
any of their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares and/or Underlying 
Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may 
be, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company, Share 
Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights 
plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any 
adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect 
on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares and/or Underlying Shares; or 
(H) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, 
provided that an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) above in respect of the Underlying Shares shall not 
constitute a Potential Adjustment Event unless, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares." 
(b) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the 
case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether: 
(i) 
in the case of an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment 
Event" occurring in respect of any Underlying Share, such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an event under (H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such Potential 
Adjustment Event has an economic effect on the Securities, 
and, in each case, the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment(s), if any, to any 
relevant term(s) of the Securities, as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate to account for (1) in respect of an event under (A) to (G) (inclusive) of the definition of 
"Potential Adjustment Event", that diluting or concentrative effect, and (2) in respect of an event under 
(H) of the definition of "Potential Adjustment Event", such economic effect on the Securities, as the case 
may be (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (II) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, (amongst other factors) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by an options exchange to options on the Shares and/or Underlying Shares traded on that options exchange, 
or made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to, or does not, determine any adjustments for the purposes of the sub-
paragraph above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount; payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), stating

--- Page 513 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
513 
 
the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the Securities and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment 
Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
The definitions of "Merger Event" and "Tender Offer" shall be amended in accordance with the DR 
Amendment. 
(d) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Merger Event or Tender Offer has occurred in respect of an 
Underlying Share, then where the Calculation Agent makes an adjustment to the Securities in connection 
with a Merger Event or Tender Offer, the Calculation Agent may (amongst other factors) have reference 
to any adjustment made by the Depository under the Deposit Agreement. 
(e) 
The definitions of "Nationalisation", "Insolvency" and "De-Listing" shall be amended in accordance with 
the DR Amendment. 
(f) 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii) shall be amended so that it reads as follows: 
"(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share and/or Underlying Share, as the 
case may be, on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (I), (II), (III) or (IV) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the Conditions of the 
Securities to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation, Insolvency or Deposit Agreement Termination, as the case 
may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment; the relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant 
to the Shares and/or the Underlying Shares, as the case may be, or to the 
Securities; the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation, Insolvency or Deposit Agreement 
Termination, as the case may be, made by any options exchange to options on 
the Shares and/or Underlying Shares, as the case may be, traded on that options 
exchange; or 
(II) 
by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s); 
or 
(III) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares where a 
Weighting is specified as being applicable to each Share in the Basket in the 
relevant Final Terms, redeem the Securities in part by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); if the 
Securities are so redeemed in part, the portion of each Security representing the 
aggregate Weightings of the Share(s) (the Affected Share(s)) for which such 
Share(s) and/or the Underlying Share(s), as the case may be, were affected by 
the Extraordinary Event, shall be redeemed at an amount (the Redeemed 
Amount) equal to the Fair Value Market Redemption Amount of the Security 
multiplied by the aggregate Weightings of the Affected Share(s); the 
Calculation Agent will determine in its sole and absolute discretion and make

--- Page 514 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
514 
 
the appropriate adjustments, if any, to the Conditions of the Securities to 
account for such redemption in part; for the avoidance of doubt the remaining 
part of each Security after such redemption and adjustment shall remain 
outstanding with full force and effect; payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices); or 
(IV) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after 
the relevant Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, or the date of the Nationalisation, 
Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit Agreement Termination (as the case may 
be), require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares by including 
shares selected by it in accordance with the criteria for share selection set out 
in (B) below (the Substitute Shares) in place of the Affected Share(s) and the 
Substitute Shares will be deemed to be Shares and the relevant issuer of such 
shares, a Share Company or a Basket Company for the purposes of the 
Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate; such substitution and the relevant 
adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as of the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but 
need not, be the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date or the date of the 
Nationalisation, Insolvency, De-Listing or Deposit Agreement Termination, as 
applicable. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share (if any) will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Share. 
(B) 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(I) 
is not already comprised in the Basket of Shares; 
(II) 
the issuer of which belongs to (1) a similar economic sector as the Share 
Company or Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share, or (2) in the 
case of an Extraordinary Event affecting an Underlying Share, a similar 
economic sector as the Underlying Share Company; and 
(III) 
the issuer of which is (1) of comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Share Company or Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share, or (2) in the case of an Extraordinary Event affecting an 
Underlying Share, of comparable market capitalisation, international standing 
and exposure as the Underlying Share Company. 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b)(ii), the definition of 
"Extraordinary Event" shall include a Deposit Agreement Termination. 
(D) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply." 
(g) 
The definition of "Insolvency Filing" shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
(h) 
For the purpose of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred in respect of a Share to 
which the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall 
be applicable, the following amendments shall be deemed to be made to the Share Asset Linked 
Conditions:

--- Page 515 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
515 
 
(i) 
each reference in the definition of "Exchange Business Day", "Exchange Business Day (All Share 
Basis)", "Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)", "Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis)", "Scheduled Closing Time", "Scheduled Trading Day", "Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Share Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis)", "Trading Disruption", "Exchange Disruption", "Early Closure" and "Disrupted 
Day", to the "Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange or 
quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(ii) 
each reference in the definition of "Exchange Business Day", "Exchange Business Day (All Share 
Basis)", "Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)", "Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis)", "Scheduled Closing Time", "Scheduled Trading Day", "Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Share Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)", "Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis)", "Trading Disruption", "Exchange Disruption", "Early Closure" and "Disrupted 
Day", to the "Related Exchange" shall be deemed to include a reference to the primary exchange 
or quotation system on which futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying Shares are 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(iii) 
the definition of "Market Disruption Event", "Trading Disruption" and "Exchange Disruption" 
shall be amended in accordance with the DR Amendment. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a provision is amended pursuant to this Share Linked Asset Condition 5.2 in 
accordance with the DR Amendment, if the event described in such provision occurs in respect of an Underlying 
Share or an Underlying Share Company, then the consequence of such event shall be interpreted consistently with 
the DR Amendment and such event. 
5.3 
Depository Receipt Definitions 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this Share Linked Asset Condition 5: 
Deposit Agreement means, in relation to a Share to which the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial 
Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be 
applicable, the agreements or other instruments constituting such Share, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
Deposit Agreement Termination means a public announcement by the Depository that the Deposit Agreement is 
(or will be) terminated. 
Depository means, in relation to a Share to which the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Partial Lookthrough 
Depositary Receipt Provisions" or the "Full Lookthrough Depositary Receipt Provisions" shall be applicable, the 
company that has issued such Share, or any successor issuer of the Share from time to time. 
DR Amendment means, where specified as applicable to a definition or provision, that the following changes shall 
be made to such definition or provision: 
(a) 
all references to "Share" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Share and/or Underlying Share"; 
(b) 
all references to "Shares" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Shares and/or Underlying Shares"; 
(c) 
all references to "Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be" shall be deleted and replaced 
with the words "Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying Share Company, as the case may be"; 
and 
(d) 
all references to "Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case 
may be" shall be deleted and replaced with the words "Basket Company, Share Company or Underlying 
Share Company, or their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be". 
Underlying Share Company means, in relation to an Underlying Share, the company that has issued such 
Underlying Share.

--- Page 516 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 7: Share Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
516 
 
Underlying Share means, in relation to a Share, the shares or other securities which are the subject of the Deposit 
Agreement relating to such Share.

--- Page 517 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
517 
 
Chapter 8: Asset Conditions: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are Fund Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Fund Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that Fund Linked Interest Securities or Fund Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These Fund Linked 
Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Fund Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Fund Linked Asset Conditions to a Fund Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these Fund 
Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Fund Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Fund Linked Interest Securities), or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Fund Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the Fund Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
Additional Fund Documents shall mean, in respect of a Fund Interest, documents particular to such Fund Interest 
or the related Reference Fund, if any, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such dates are specified, 
in respect of a Fund Linked Security where the Fund Price is used to determine an Underlying Value and the 
applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed Observation 
Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Basket or Basket of Fund Interests means a basket composed of Fund Interests (each an Underlying) in Reference 
Funds in the relative proportions or numbers of Fund Interest Units specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Reference Fund means a Reference Fund whose Fund Interests are included in the Basket of Fund Interests 
and Basket Reference Funds means all such companies. 
Basket Fund Linked Securities means Fund Linked Securities that are linked to Fund Interests in more than one 
Reference Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent Determination Disruption the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of the Hypothetical 
Investor), other than an event constituting a Fund Valuation Disruption or a Fund Settlement Disruption, affecting 
a Reference Fund that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Fund Price. 
Currency Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for the Settlement Currency. If the 
Settlement Currency is euro, any day on which T2 is open shall be a Currency Business Day.

--- Page 518 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
518 
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Fund Interest or, in the case of a Basket of Fund Interests, in respect of any 
Fund Interest comprising the Basket and observed separately, in each case: 
(a) 
where the relevant Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition 
thereof, any Fund Business Day; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) - (v) of the 
definition thereof, any Currency Business Day,  
in each case, on which a Fund Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Fund Business Day in 
the sequence of consecutive scheduled Fund Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following any Scheduled Observation Date. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of a Reference Fund, any person specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no person is so specified, the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for such Reference Fund according to the Fund Documents. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of any Reference Fund, any person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no person is so specified, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-
discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment 
manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Reference Fund. 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each 
Reference Fund observed separately), any day on which a Valid Order may be submitted by a Hypothetical Investor 
pursuant to the Fund Documents prevailing on the Trade Date. 
Fund Determination Date has the meaning set out in Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Consequences of the 
occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Fund Disruption Event means, in respect of any Fund Interest the occurrence or existence of (a) a Fund Valuation 
Disruption, (b) a Fund Settlement Disruption or (c) a Calculation Agent Determination Disruption, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Observation Date and at such other 
relevant dates and times as specified herein or in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Documents means, with respect to any Fund Interest, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the related Reference Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Interest and any Additional Fund Documents, in each case, as amended from time to time. 
Fund Interest means an interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled investment vehicle or any other 
interest identified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Interest Unit means, with respect to a Fund Interest in a Reference Fund, a share of such Fund Interest or, if 
Fund Interests in such Reference Fund are not denominated as shares, a notional unit of account of ownership of 
such Fund Interest in such Reference Fund in the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; provided that if 
no such amount is so specified, then the entire amount of Fund Interest in which the Hypothetical Investor is deemed 
to invest on the Trade Date shall be a single Fund Interest Unit for purposes of these Fund Linked Asset Conditions. 
Fund Price on any day means, in respect of a Fund Interest, (a) the price per related Fund Interest Unit determined 
by the Calculation Agent either as provided in the applicable Final Terms as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Observation Date, as the case may be, or (b) if no means for determining the Fund Price are so provided, the Fund 
Price per related Fund Interest Unit in respect of the relevant Observation Date shall be: 
(a) 
where "NAV" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the NAV determined as of the relevant 
Observation Date provided that if the applicable Final Terms specifies that the NAV is subject to

--- Page 519 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
519 
 
"Calculation Agent Adjustment", the Calculation Agent shall adjust the Fund Price to reflect, without 
duplication, the relevant portion per Fund Interest Unit of: (A) such fees and costs as would be charged to 
the Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents, (B) such other fees as are specified as 
"Redemption Fees" in the applicable Final Terms and (C) the redemption proceeds relating to such Fund 
Interest Unit, in each case in connection with a deemed redemption of all Fund Interest Units that are 
subject to valuation as of such Observation Date; 
(b) 
where "Execution Method/Subscription" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate amount 
per Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a single date or over 
a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the 
subscription of Fund Interest Unit(s) scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per Fund 
Interest Unit determined by the Reference Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines 
such value) dated as of such Observation Date; 
(c) 
where "Execution Method/Redemption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate amount 
per Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be received in cash (either on a single 
date or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest Units pursuant to a Valid Order 
for the redemption of Fund Interest Unit(s) scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per 
Fund Interest Unit determined by the Reference Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) dated as of such Observation Date; 
(d) 
where "Order Method/Subscription" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate amount per 
Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a single date or over a 
period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the 
subscription of Fund Interest Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Reference Fund on such 
Observation Date; or 
(e) 
where "Order Method/Redemption" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the aggregate amount per 
Fund Interest Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be received in cash (either on a single date 
or over a period of time) by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Interest Units pursuant to a Valid Order for 
the redemption of Fund Interest Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the Reference Fund on such 
Observation Date. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Reference Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for that Reference Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any Fund 
Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, subcustodian, prime broker, 
administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent or any other person specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Interest and any day, a failure by the Reference Fund to 
pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the redemption proceeds with respect to 
the relevant number of Fund Interest Units or amount of such Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or by 
such day according to the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting the Reference Fund to delay or refuse redemption of Fund Interests) and which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine 
the Fund Price, including (without limitation) due to: (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Reference Fund 
to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of 
the Fund Interest Units, (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Reference Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single 
date on which the Reference Fund normally accepts redemption orders, (c) the suspension for any reason of the 
subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting 
subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds 
to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors, 
in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the 
Trade Date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Trade Date of the Securities and are solely 
implemented by the Fund after such date.

--- Page 520 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
520 
 
Fund Valuation Disruption means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor), 
other than the events which constitute a Fund Settlement Disruption or Calculation Agent Determination 
Disruption, affecting a Reference Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible 
or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Fund Price. 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to any Fund Interest, a hypothetical investor in such Fund Interest 
resident or organised in the Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction and deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, 
as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding an interest in the relevant Reference Fund in an 
amount equal to the relevant portion of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Securities comprising such Fund 
Interest; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Fund Interest, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting 
subscription to the relevant number of Fund Interest Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of such 
Fund Interest, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting redemption of the relevant number of Fund Interest Units. 
Hypothetical Investor Jurisdiction means the jurisdiction selected by the Calculation Agent, which may be any 
jurisdiction it chooses in its sole discretion. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Fund Business Days or such other number of Fund Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
NAV means, with respect to the relevant Fund Interest and an Observation Date, the official net asset value of such 
Fund Interest per Fund Interest Unit on such Observation Date as determined by the relevant Reference Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) or, if the relevant Reference Fund (or the Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) reports only its aggregate net asset value, the portion of such 
Reference Fund's aggregate net asset value relating to each Fund Interest Unit on the relevant Observation Date as 
determined by the relevant Reference Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value). 
Observation Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(b)(i) of the definition thereof, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise 
deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (or if any such date is not 
a Fund Business Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately 
following Fund Business Day); and 
(b) 
in respect of any Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with any of sub-
paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of the definition thereof, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or otherwise deemed to be an Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions (or if any 
such date is not a Currency Business Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the immediately following Currency Business Day), 
unless in either case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Consequences of the occurrence of 
Disrupted Days) below shall apply. 
Reference Fund means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the issuer of, or other legal arrangement giving rise to, the 
relevant Fund Interest. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Fund Linked Securities. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or, as the case may be, redemption order sent to the Reference 
Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally accepts such orders, in accordance with the subscription or 
redemption notice period and the relevant cut-off time as set forth in the Fund Documents.

--- Page 521 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
521 
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Fund Interest, the time on the relevant Observation Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the close of business in the Hypothetical Investor 
Jurisdiction on the relevant Observation Date. 
Weighting means, in relation to a Fund Interest comprised in a Basket of Fund Interests, the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Fund Interest in the Basket. 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances, notify the relevant 
Issuer of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence or continuance of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. Without limiting the obligation of the Calculation 
Agent to notify the parties as set forth in the preceding sentence, failure by the Calculation Agent to notify 
the parties of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall not affect the validity of the occurrence and the 
effect of such Disrupted Day. In addition, if any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a single Fund Interest, the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case: 
(I) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition thereof, the Observation 
Date will be the first immediately succeeding Fund Business Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day (the Fund Determination Date), unless each consecutive Fund 
Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the 
Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for the Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time and the Disruption 
Longstop Date; and 
(II) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of the definition thereof, the 
Observation Date will be the first immediately succeeding Currency Business 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Fund Determination Date), unless each 
consecutive Currency Business Day up to and including the Disruption 
Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (1) the Disruption Longstop 
Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time 
and the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value for the relevant Fund Interest 
Unit for such day, taking into consideration any information that in good faith it deems 
relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Fund Price; 
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Interests: 
(A) 
for each Fund Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and

--- Page 522 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
522 
 
(B) 
for each Fund Interest affected (each an Affected Fund Interest) by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case: 
(1) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition thereof, the 
Observation Date will be the Fund Determination Date relating to 
such Affected Fund Interest, unless each consecutive Fund Business 
Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted 
Day relating to such Affected Fund Interest, in which case (aa) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the relevant Affected Fund Interest and (bb) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant Affected Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time on the 
Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple Affected Fund 
Interests, the latest Fund Determination Date will be the Fund 
Determination Date for the purpose of Fund Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(a)(i)(A)(I) above; and 
(2) 
in respect of a Fund Interest where the Fund Price is to be determined 
in accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of the definition 
thereof, the Observation Date will be the Fund Determination Date 
relating to such Affected Fund Interest, unless each consecutive 
Currency Business Day up to and including the Disruption Longstop 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Fund Interest, in 
which case (aa) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be 
the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Fund Interest and (bb) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant Affected Fund Interest as of the Valuation Time 
on the Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple Affected Fund 
Interests, the latest Fund Determination Date will be the Fund 
Determination Date for the purpose of Fund Linked Asset Condition 
3.1(a)(i)(A)(II) above; or 
(II) 
determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value for the relevant Fund 
Interest Unit of each Affected Fund Interest (or a method for determining such 
value) for such day, taking into consideration any information that in good faith 
it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the Fund Price for the relevant Affected Fund 
Interest;  
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the relevant Fund Price in accordance 
with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a)(i) or Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a)(ii) above, as 
the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for such Disrupted Day: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for such Disrupted Day and determine the date(s) on 
which any such adjustments will be effective (in its sole and absolute discretion); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above, the relevant Issuer may, in its sole and

--- Page 523 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
523 
 
absolute discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each 
Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount, where payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an Observation 
Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action proposed to be taken 
by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means the occurrence of any of the following at any time on or 
after the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Interest 
Units or amount of Fund Interest or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund 
Interest to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Interest of (I) 
an additional amount of such Fund Interest, or (II) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the 
Basket Reference Fund or Reference Fund, as the case may be, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Interest or (III) share capital 
or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Basket Reference Fund or Reference Fund, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off 
or other similar transaction or (IV) any other type of securities, rights or certificates or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(D) 
a repurchase by the Basket Reference Fund or Reference Fund of relevant Fund Interests 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than 
in respect of a redemption of Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Fund 
Interests that is consistent with the Fund Documents; 
(E) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest Units or 
amount of Fund Interest. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may (I) make such adjustments, to any relevant term(s) of the 
Securities, as the Calculation Agent may determine in its sole and absolute discretion to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the 
Securities, and (II) determine the effective date of any such adjustments; or

--- Page 524 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
524 
 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; 
payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), stating the adjustment to any relevant term(s) of the Securities and giving brief 
details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means, in relation to any Fund Agreement, any failure 
by the Reference Fund or a Fund Service Provider to (a) comply with or perform such Fund 
Agreement, (b) the termination of such Fund Agreement by the Reference Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider for reasons beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or its affiliates, (c) the failing or 
ceasing of such Fund Agreement to be in full force and effect or (d) the Reference Fund or the 
Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges 
the validity of such Fund Agreement. 
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Reference Fund for any 
reason other than those constituting an Insolvency or a Fund Insolvency Event. 
Extraordinary Event means any of Nationalisation, Insolvency or any Extraordinary Fund 
Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent on or after the Trade Date. 
Extraordinary Fund Event means each of the following events that is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms: Fund Insolvency Event, NAV Trigger Event, Fund Management 
Event, Fund Modification, Holding Limit Event, Strategy Breach, Regulatory Action, Reporting 
Disruption, Merger Event, Closure of the Fund, Fund Adviser Event, Liquidity Modification, 
Holding Ratio and Breach or Termination of Agreement. 
Fund Adviser Event means the applicable Issuer determines that, over a period of twelve 
months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Reference Fund) 
has decreased by at least 50 per cent. (either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such 
assets). 
Fund Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Reference Fund or a Fund Service 
Provider with the relevant Issuer or any of its affiliates, defining (a) the terms and conditions at 
which the relevant Issuer or any of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in 
the Fund Interest Units (that are different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then 
prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including the rebates of management fees to be paid 
to the relevant Issuer or any of its affiliates, and (b) the undertaking, if any, made by the Reference 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider to the relevant Issuer or its affiliates on the basis of which the 
relevant Issuer or any such affiliate determines that it can implement Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions in compliance with the Volcker Rule. 
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that the related Reference Fund 
or any other entity specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Fund Insolvency Entity (a) is

--- Page 525 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
525 
 
dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general assignment or 
arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or 
similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) 
above and either (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; (e) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its 
assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (a) through (e) above. 
Fund Management Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any 
Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, 
(c) any of the Fund Service Provider being subject to a Fund Insolvency Event as defined above 
(as if references therein to "Reference Fund" are replaced by such Fund Service Provider, and 
references to "Fund Interest" and "Fund Insolvency Entity" are disregarded), (d) in the reasonable 
opinion of the relevant Issuer, any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to 
carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Trade Date or (e) the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any Key Person. 
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents from those 
prevailing on the Trade Date (other than a change or modification that constitutes a Liquidity 
Modification) that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Interest or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-ended fund that 
becomes a closed-end fund), in each case, as determined by the relevant Issuer. 
Holding Limit Event means that the relevant Issuer, together with its affiliates, in aggregate hold 
an interest in any one restricted Fund Interest constituting or likely to constitute (directly or 
indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote a percentage of any class of voting securities 
or units of such Fund Interest or of the Reference Fund of such Interest, in excess of a percentage 
permitted or advisable, as determined by the relevant Issuer, any of its affiliates or the Calculation 
Agent, for the purpose of its compliance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as 
amended by Section 619 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, 
including any requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant 
governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection 
with, such statutes. 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Reference Fund's aggregate net asset value under an 
amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a 
significant effect on the management conditions of the Reference Fund or its operating expenses 
or would increase the proportion of Fund Interest Units held, or likely to be held, by a 
Hypothetical Investor or by any funds managed by the relevant Issuer or any of its affiliates, to

--- Page 526 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
526 
 
such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Interest Units held by 
such Hypothetical Investor or such managed funds, is likely to be impaired. 
Insolvency means, in respect of any relevant Fund Interests, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting a Reference Fund, (a) all the Fund Interests of that Reference Fund are 
required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund 
Interests of that Reference Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them. 
Key Person means, in relation to a Reference Fund, each person specified as such for the 
Reference Fund in the applicable Final Terms and any person otherwise deemed to be key in the 
management of the Reference Fund, in the reasonable opinion of the relevant Issuer. 
Liquidity Modification means that the Reference Fund modifies the terms and conditions at 
which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Reference 
Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Trade Date or implements a modification of 
the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by 
the Reference Fund regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already 
envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Trade Date. 
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Interest into another class of fund interests, 
units or securities, or the split of the Reference Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its 
sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party. 
Nationalisation means that all the Fund Interests or all or substantially all the assets of a 
Reference Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of any Fund Interest, that (a) the Reported Fund Interest 
Value has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) 
during the related NAV Trigger Period, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) 
the related Reference Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, 
such Reference Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or 
other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Reference Fund or any of its assets. 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Interest, (a) cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Interest or the related Reference Fund by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Interest or Reference 
Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant 
Reference Fund or its Fund Adviser that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the 
value of such Fund Interest or on any investor therein (as determined by the relevant Issuer), or 
(c) the related Reference Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser becoming 
subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or 
regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating 
to or resulting from the operation of such Reference Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Interest, (a) the occurrence of any event 
affecting such Fund Interest that, in the determination of the relevant Issuer, would make it 
impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of such Fund 
Interest, and such event continues for at least the time period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such time period is specified, the foreseeable future; or (b) any failure of the 
related Reference Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered: (i) information that such Reference 
Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Determining Party or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to the relevant Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with such Reference Fund's, or its

--- Page 527 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
527 
 
authorised representative's, normal practice and that the relevant Issuer deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Reference Fund's compliance with any 
investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to 
such Fund Interests. 
Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines 
stated in the related Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of such Fund 
Interest or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof or (b) any material modification of the 
risk profile of the Reference Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Trade Date by reason of, 
but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type 
of assets in which the Reference Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets 
of the Reference Fund, in each case, as determined by the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (I), 
(II), (III) or (IV) below. 
(I) 
Require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any of the Conditions of 
the Securities to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event and determine 
the effective date thereof. The relevant adjustments may include, without 
limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Fund Interests or to the Securities. 
(II) 
By giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s). 
(III) 
On or after the relevant date of the relevant Extraordinary Event, require the 
Calculation Agent to replace the Affected Fund Interest(s) with fund interests 
as determined by to have a similar strategy and liquidity and the Substitute 
Fund Interests will be deemed to be Fund Interests and the relevant fund for 
such fund interests, a Reference Fund or a Basket Reference Fund for the 
purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment(s), if any, to the Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate. Such 
substitution will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the 
Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and absolute discretion 
and specified in the notice referred to below. In the case of Fund Linked 
Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Interests, the Weighting of each 
Substitute Fund Interest (if any) will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected Fund Interest. 
(IV) 
Postpone settlement in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.6 
below. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of Fund Interests, the identity of the Substitute 
Fund Interests and the Substitution Date. As the case may be, payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices).

--- Page 528 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
528 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless "Change in Law" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for such Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Fund Interests or 
relevant hedge positions relating to Fund Interests or such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any 
of their respective Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge 
positions or (ii) such Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to Fund Interests) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, or it is impractical for the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates, in each case after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary or 
appropriate, in relation to a Fund Interest, to hedge any relevant price risk (including but not limited to the 
currency risk and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their 
respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), including, 
without limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or 
increase in charges or fees imposed by the relevant Reference Fund on any investor's ability to redeem 
such Fund Interest, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional 
investments in the relevant Reference Fund, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such 
Fund Interest imposed by the relevant Reference Fund (in any case, other than any such reason in existence 
on the Trade Date); or 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary, in 
relation to a Fund Interest, to hedge the equity risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event

--- Page 529 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
529 
 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, and 
if an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below: 
(i) 
Require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. The relevant 
adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Fund Interests or to the Securities. 
(ii) 
Upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
On or after the relevant date of the relevant Additional Disruption Event, require the Calculation 
Agent to replace the Affected Fund Interest(s) with such fund interests as determined by it to have 
a similar strategy and liquidity (the Substitute Fund Interests) and the Substitute Fund Interests 
will be deemed to be Fund Interests and the relevant fund for such fund interests, a Reference 
Fund or a Basket Reference Fund for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment, if any, to the Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate. Such substitution will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below. in the case of Fund Linked 
Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Interests, the Weighting of each Substitute Fund Interest 
(if any) will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected Fund Interest. 
(iv) 
Postpone settlement in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.6 below. 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of Fund Interests, the identity of the Substitute 
Fund Interests and the Substitution Date. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Fund Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.4, the relevant 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Essential Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 530 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
530 
 
3.5 
Averaging 
(a) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant Fund Price, and if through the operation of this provision 
no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Fund Linked Asset 
Condition 3.1(a) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were an 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were an 
Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date for the relevant Fund Interest; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Fund Interests, the Averaging Date for each Fund Interest not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date 
and the Averaging Date for any Fund Interest affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Fund Interest, and if the 
first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date, and if the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a). 
For the purpose of the above: 
Valid Date shall mean, (a) in respect of Fund Interests where the Fund Price is to be determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition thereof, a Fund Business Day, and (b) in respect of 
Fund Interests where the Fund Price is to be determined in accordance with sub-paragraphs (b)(ii) – (v) of 
the definition thereof, a Currency Business Day, in each case that is not a Disrupted Day and on which 
another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last 
scheduled Fund Business Day in the sequence of consecutive scheduled Fund Business Days equal to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Scheduled Observation Date.

--- Page 531 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
531 
 
3.6 
Settlement Postponement  
Following the occurrence of an event where the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, may elect 
to postpone settlement pursuant to Fund Linked Asset Conditions 3.2(b)(ii)(A)(IV) or 3.3(b)(iv) above, upon such 
election being made, the relevant Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment of (a) any Interest Amount initially 
scheduled to be paid on a subsequent Interest Payment Date, (b) any Instalment Redemption Amount scheduled to 
be paid on a subsequent Instalment Date, (c) the Final Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date or (d) any 
Early Redemption Amount, and instead shall pay an amount per Security on the Adjusted Redemption Date equal 
to the Adjusted Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to 
extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, as applicable, and, accordingly, the Adjusted Redemption Amount 
can be as low as zero. 
For the purposes of this Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.6: 
Adjusted Redemption Amount means an amount per Security, determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) 
the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Intermediate Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect 
to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the 
liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs (converted, if necessary, into the Specified Currency 
using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or on the Full Liquidation 
Date) together with (c) interest that would have accrued on such amount during the period, if any, from, and 
including, (i) the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, to, and excluding, (ii) the 
fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Redemption Date, where such reference to the word "fourth" may be 
deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable 
to the Relevant Clearing System. 
Adjusted Redemption Date means the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day following the 
occurrence of the Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Scheduled Redemption Date. 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum (without duplication) of 
all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, taxes and duties incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, such amount to be apportioned pro rata according to the Specified Denomination of each outstanding 
Security. 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Redemption Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of 
the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with 
respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the 
Hypothetical Investor. 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, 
of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Interest Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or 
cash borrowings or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities, howsoever described, in order to hedge 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Securities linked to or 
indexed to the relevant Fund Interest Unit due on the Redemption Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding 
Security, where (i) if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Redemption Date, the Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, and (ii) such reference to the word "fourth" may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit 
as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the Relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 532 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
532 
 
Intermediate Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of any Intermediate Payment Date, the date on which the 
liquidation proceeds of the Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, 
with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a 
Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Interest Units, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash 
deposits or cash borrowings or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities, howsoever described, in 
order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities linked to 
or indexed to the relevant Fund Interest Unit due on an Intermediate Payment Date, apportioned pro rata to each 
outstanding Security. 
Intermediate Payment Date means, in respect of a Series of Securities, either an Interest Payment Date or an 
Instalment Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Postponed Scheduled Redemption Date means the date that falls on the second anniversary of the Redemption 
Date, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means, in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Specified 
Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Specified Currency 
used to convert such amount on such date into the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
DEFINITIONS, ADJUSTMENTS AND ADDITIONAL EVENTS FOR EURO FUNDS 
4.1 
Definitions 
Insurer means the insurer as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Euro Fund means the Insurer's euro-denominated guarantees backed by the general assets used to support the 
Insurer's life insurance and capitalization contracts. The documentation relating to these euro-denominated 
guarantees may be obtained from the Insurer and on the Insurer's website.  
Provisional Minimum Rate means the provisional minimum rate of the Insurer's Euro Fund as published on the 
Issuer's website and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Gross Rate of Return means the gross rate of return on the Euro Fund for the Insurer's contract specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and as published on the Insurer's website. This yield is exclusive of management fees, tax 
and social security contributions. The Gross Rate of Return for the calendar year corresponds to Observation Date 
(i), provided however that if the Gross Rate of Return for Valuation Date (ii) is not published, then the Gross Rate 
of Return shall be deemed to be nil. 
Please note that for the purposes of this Find Linked Asset Condition, references to Reference Fund in Fund Linked 
Asset Conditions 1 to 3, shall be deemed to refer to Euro Fund.  
4.2 
Amendment of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) 
Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) is deleted and replaced as follows: 
"(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
If, at any time on or after the Trade Date, an event occurs affecting a Euro Fund or the value of the relevant Fund 
Interest, including, but without limitation: 
(i) 
a decision by the Insurer to apply the Gross Rate of Return or Provisional Minimum Rate differently 
between the various life insurance or capitalisation contract products sold by the Insurer and backed by its 
general assets;

--- Page 533 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
533 
 
(ii) 
any other event having an effect on the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate, the value or 
performance of the Euro Fund or the Insurer's general assets; 
(iii) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Interest Units or amount of 
Fund Interest, or a free distribution or dividend of such Fund Interest to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(iv) 
a distribution, issue or dividend (whether ordinary or extraordinary) to existing holders of the relevant 
Fund Interest of (a) an additional quantity of such Fund Interest, or (b) other shares or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the basket Euro Fund or Euro Fund, 
as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Interest, or (c) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the basket 
Euro Fund or Euro Fund, as the case may be, a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) of 
any other type of securities, rights, warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(vi) 
a repurchase by the basket Euro Fund or Euro Fund of relevant Fund Interests, whether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Interests 
initiated by an investor in such Fund Interests that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the relevant Fund Interest Units or amount of Fund Interest; 
The Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Securities (for example the Gross Rate of Return and/or 
the Provisional Minimum Rate), in order to preserve economic equivalence in terms of the Issuer's obligations 
under the Securities.  
4.3 
Amendment of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(b) 
The Additional Extraordinary Events and adjustments below are added to the Extraordinary Events and adjustments 
in Fund Linked Asset Condition 3.2(a) as follows:  
"(c) 
Additional Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Additional Extraordinary Events  
(A) 
a spin-off, merger, partial asset contribution, carve-out impacting on the Insurer and potentially, 
whether immediately or in the future, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, having an impact 
on the performance of the Gross Rate of Return; 
(B) 
the segregation, desegregation, or merger, affecting the Insurer's general assets on which the 
performance of the Gross Rate of Return is determined;  
(C) 
the Insurer (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (c) (i) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) the relevant Insurer has instituted against it a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or

--- Page 534 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 8: Fund Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
534 
 
presented by a person or entity not described in clause (i) above and either (A) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each 
case within fifteen days of the institution or presentation of such petition; (d) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) has a 
secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is 
not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (e) through (f) above;  
(D) 
in respect of the Euro Fund, (i) the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the Insurer's 
registration or approval by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the 
Euro Fund, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory regime of the relevant Euro 
Fund, which is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the Gross Rate of Return for any 
investor in the Euro Fund (as determined by the relevant Issuer), or (iii) the Euro Fund is the 
subject of an investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or 
regulatory authority, involving an alleged violation of applicable law, for any activities relating 
to or resulting from the operation of such Euro Fund; 
(E) 
in respect of the Euro Fund, any failure by the related Insurer to deliver or cause to be delivered 
(A) any information that such Insurer has agreed to deliver or cause to be delivered to a 
Hypothetical Contracting Party, or (B) any information that has previously been delivered to a 
Hypothetical Contracting Party in accordance with such Insurer's or its authorised representative's 
customary practices, and which the Calculation Agent considers necessary to determine and 
verify the Gross Rate of Return; or 
(F) 
any modification to the investment strategy of the Euro Fund in place on the Trade Date 
reasonably likely to affect the Gross Rate of Return or the rights or remedies of all insured parties 
of the Euro Fund, as determined in each case by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) any material 
modification, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, to the risk profile of the Euro Fund 
compared to its risk profile on the Trade date, due, in particular, to any modification in the 
proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the types of assets in which the Euro Fund invests. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary Event 
If an Additional Extraordinary Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions described in (A) or (B) below: 
(A) 
By giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant 
Additional Extraordinary Event(s); 
(B) 
Replace the Euro Fund whose general assets have been affected by Additional Extraordinary 
Events (the Affected Euro Fund) with another euro fund having similar characteristics to those 
of the Affected Euro Fund, and adjust any relevant terms of the Securities, in order to preserve 
economic equivalence in terms of the rights and obligations under the Securities. 
Hypothetical Contracting Party means the hypothetical subscriber of a life insurance contract or capitalisation 
contract (the Contracts) of the Insurer located in France (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be Crédit Agricole 
CIB or any of its affiliates), which is deemed to have the rights and obligations specified in the Contracts.

--- Page 535 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
535 
 
Chapter 9: Asset Conditions: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Future Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Future Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that Future Linked Interest Securities or Future Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These 
Future Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Future Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Future Linked Asset Conditions to a Future Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these 
Future Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
FUTURE LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Future Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Future Linked Interest Securities); or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount; (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Future Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the Future Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FUTURE LINKED SECURITIES 
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if "Roll Adjustment" is 
stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates 
are specified, in respect of a Future Linked Security where the Future Price is used to determine an Underlying 
Value and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed 
Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Basket or Basket of Futures means, a basket composed of Futures (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions 
or numbers of Futures specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Future Linked Securities means Future Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one Future, as, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Daily Fixing Time means, in respect of a Future, the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of that 
Future is computed by the Exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by 
the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period. 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined under the rules 
of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future 
comprising the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the relevant Exchange 
fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 536 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
536 
 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled Trading 
Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Future, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Future in 
the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Future has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Exchange Business Day (Single Future 
Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, (i) the Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) or (ii) the Exchange 
Business Day (Per Future Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) shall be deemed to 
apply for a Basket of Futures and Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Exchange Business Day (All Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Future Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange 
is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such relevant Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient to identify 
the Future) of such Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the 
Active Future Contract. 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price 
of the Next Active Future Contract. 
Future Determination Date has the meaning set out in Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of 
the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Future(s) means a future contract, which is a standardised contract traded on the relevant Exchange specified as 
Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to (a) adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 of 
these Future Linked Asset Conditions and/or (ii) Roll Adjustment if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Future Price means, in respect of a Future and a given Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of such 
Future on the relevant Exchange during a trading session on that Scheduled Trading Day, as adjusted (if applicable) 
pursuant to the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to Future Linked Securities) below 
or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Daily Settlement Price multiplied 
by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines that in accordance with market conventions, such method of determining the Future Price is not 
appropriate in which case the Future Price shall be determined in the manner elected by the Calculation Agent, 
having regard to such market conventions. 
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 537 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
537 
 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of Scheduled 
Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future Contract. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted 
Days) shall apply. 
Quantity Adjustment Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity Adjustment Factor will be equal to 1. 
(b) 
If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (Fixing Next 
Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost)) 
(c) 
If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (AFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (NAFC 
Time Weighted Average Price(i) x (1 + Rolling Cost)) 
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day 
in accordance with to the following mechanism: 
(a) 
In respect of the first Observation Date, Quantity Factor will be equal to the Initial Quantity Factor. 
(b) 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day multiplied by the Quantity Adjustment Factor. 
(c) 
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
adjustment according to which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active 
Future Contract at the relevant Rolling Time on the relevant Rolling Date. 
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the 
Next Active Future Contract. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the Expiry Date of any Active 
Future Contract will be a Rolling Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may roll the Active 
Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on one or several dates which will be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future 
Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future will be the Rolling Time. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours.

--- Page 538 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
538 
 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Future, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future 
Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Futures, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Future Basis) or (ii) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Future Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified 
as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Future Basis) shall be deemed to apply for 
a Basket of Futures and Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis) shall apply otherwise. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Future Basis) means, in respect of all Futures, any day on which the relevant 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Future Basis) means, in respect of a Future, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Future Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be 
open for trading during its regular trading session. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
AFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted average 
price of the Active Future Contract, as calculated between the AFC Commencement Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and the AFC End Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
NAFC Time Weighted Average Price(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted average 
price of the Next Active Future Contract, as calculated between the NAFC Commencement Date (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the NAFC End Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Weighting means, in relation to a Future comprised in a Basket of Futures, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and representing the relative weighting of such Future in the Basket. 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO FUTURE LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Market Disruption Event, Disrupted Days and Consequences 
(a) 
Definitions 
Early Closure means, in relation to a Future, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, in relation to a Future, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market values for such Future on the relevant 
Exchange. 
Failure to Publish means, in relation to a Future, the non-publication of the closing levels or market value 
of such Future, including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of such 
Future. 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to a Future, the occurrence or existence of any of the 
following events: (i) a Failure to Publish, (ii) a Trading Disruption, (iii) an Exchange Disruption or (iv) an 
Early Closure. 
Trading Disruption means, in relation to a Future, the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the 
over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which such Future is traded. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days

--- Page 539 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
539 
 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
In the case of Future Linked Securities relating to a single Future, the Calculation Agent may: 
(A) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the first 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (the Future 
Determination Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Future as of the Daily Fixing Time 
on the Disruption Longstop Date; or 
(B) 
determine the value for the relevant Future (or a method for determining an such value) 
for such day, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant 
Future and any other information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the relevant Future Price. 
(ii) 
In the case of Future Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Futures: 
(A) 
for each Future not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Observation Date 
shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(B) 
for each Future affected (each an Affected Future) by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, the Calculation Agent may: 
(I) 
postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date will be the 
Future Determination Date relating to such Affected Future, unless each 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day up to and including the Disruption 
Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Future, in which 
case (1) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
relevant Affected Future and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant Affected Future as of the Daily 
Fixing Time on the Disruption Longstop Date; in case of multiple Affected 
Futures, the latest Future Determination Date will be the Future Determination 
Date for the purpose of Future Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; or 
(II) 
determine the value for the relevant Affected Futures (or a method for 
determining such value) for such day, taking into consideration the latest 
available quotation for the relevant Future and any other information that in 
good faith it deems relevant, 
with each such value so determined being used as the value for the relevant Affected Future.  
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Future Price in accordance with 
Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(i) or Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b)(ii) above, as 
the case may be, or if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
account for such Market Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine the date(s) 
on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any such adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) which would be 
made to an equity derivative transaction in the market following the relevant event

--- Page 540 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
540 
 
occurring and where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), adjust the Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an 
Observation Date. Such notice shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action 
proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in relation thereto. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date 
Disruption" in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(i) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for 
purposes of determining the relevant Future Price, and if through the operation of this provision 
no Averaging Date would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Future Linked 
Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of determining the relevant price or amount on 
the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date as if such final Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; 
(ii) 
"Postponement", then Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b) will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such 
determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a date that already is or is deemed to 
be an Averaging Date for the relevant Future; or 
(iii) 
"Modified Postponement", then: 
(A) 
in the case of a Basket of Futures, the Averaging Date for each Future not affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as an Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Observation Date and the 
Averaging Date for any Future affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day in relation to such Future that is not a 
Disrupted Day in relation to such Future and on which another Averaging Date in respect 
of the relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption 
Longstop Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b); and 
(B) 
otherwise, the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the relevant 
Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop 
Date, then (I) the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging

--- Page 541 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
541 
 
Date (irrespective of whether such day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(b). 
3.2 
Adjustment and Redemption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Future 
and which is not anticipated in terms of such Future or the occurrence of which is not scheduled 
to occur, in each case as at the Trade Date. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to a Future, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Future or 
Basket of Futures. 
(A) 
If so, the Calculation Agent may (I) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be 
made to the elements relating to the Future used to determine any settlement or payment 
terms under the Securities and/or adjust any other terms of the Securities as it determines 
appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Securities and (II) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation 
Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by the relevant 
Exchange. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraphs (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount; 
payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating 
the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(i) 
Definitions 
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Future 
Exchange, (b) a Change of Future Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures Contract, (d) a 
Cancellation of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, or (f) a Roll-Over Failure Event. 
Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that it will 
permanently cancel such Future.

--- Page 542 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
542 
 
Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures contract 
that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Change of Futures Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the Exchange 
and/or under a market-standard format as of the Trade Date but after such date becomes 
negotiated instead on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent. 
Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity of the 
Future has decreased significantly since the Trade Date, such decrease of liquidity being likely 
to have a material impact on the hedge of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates in connection with the Securities. 
Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation governing the 
Future announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating such Future or in any other way materially modifies that Future. 
Roll-Over Failure Event means that, where "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to make a Roll Adjustment at the relevant Rolling Time on the relevant Rolling Date. 
(ii) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
(A) 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Future on or after the Trade Date, the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, any of the actions 
described in (I), (II) or (III) below: 
(I) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the Conditions of the 
Securities to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options 
on the Futures traded on that options exchange. 
(II) 
By giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event(s). 
(III) 
In the case of Future Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Futures, on or 
after the date of the relevant Extraordinary Event, require the Calculation Agent 
to adjust the Basket of Futures by including futures selected by it in its sole and 
absolute discretion (the Substitute Futures) in place of the Affected Future(s), 
and the Substitute Futures will be deemed to be Futures for the purposes of the 
Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the 
Conditions of the Securities as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate; such substitution and the relevant 
adjustment to the Basket of Futures will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Substitution Date) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but 
need not, be the date of the relevant Extraordinary Event. Without prejudice to 
the foregoing, the Weighting of each Substitute Future (if any) will, to the 
extent practicable, be set equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected 
Future.

--- Page 543 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
543 
 
(B) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of 
Futures, the identity of the Substitute Futures and the Substitution Date. As the case may 
be, payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
(c) 
Correction of Future Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is four Exchange Business Days prior 
to the due date for any payment under the Securities that is calculated by reference to the price of a Future, 
if the price of the relevant Future published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent 
to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction published by 
the relevant Exchange, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Future as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is four Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment 
under the Securities that is calculated by reference to the price of a Future will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost 
of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of a Future or relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Future or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable to 
maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating to a Future) (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk (including but not limited to the currency risk and equity price risk) of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, (if applicable), and/or any of their respective Affiliates in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective

--- Page 544 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 9: Future Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
544 
 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the equity risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if 
an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Future Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Future Linked Asset Condition 3.4, the 
relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 545 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
545 
 
Chapter 10: Asset Conditions: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Portfolio Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final 
Terms indicate that Portfolio Linked Interest Securities or Portfolio Linked Redemption Securities is applicable. These Portfolio 
Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
References in these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions to a Portfolio Linked Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these 
Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions. 
1. 
PORTFOLIO LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions, if the 
determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Portfolio Linked Interest Securities); or (B) (I) the Final 
Redemption Amount; (II) the Early Redemption Amount or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount (in the case of 
Portfolio Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of such 
amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of Payment 
Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) the Portfolio 
Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement 
of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO LINKED SECURITIES 
ACT(t-1,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date(t), the number of calendar days in the period from (and including) 
Calculation Date(t-1) to (and excluding) Calculation Date(t). 
Averaging Date means any Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such dates are 
specified, in respect of a Portfolio Linked Security where the Portfolio Level is used to determine an Underlying Value 
and the applicable Relevant Observation provides that "Average Underlying Level" shall apply, each deemed 
Observation Date which is a Relevant Timing for the purposes of calculating the Relevant Observation. 
Averaging Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled 
Calculation Date in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Calculation Dates equal to the Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted 
Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant Scheduled Observation Date. 
Basket Component means an Equity Instrument, a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument, a Derivatives 
Instrument or a Cash Position, in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
Basket Component Type means the type of a Basket Component, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Basket 
Component Type is one of the following: Index, Share, ETF Share, Fund, Single Commodity, Single Debt, Single 
Derivatives or Cash. 
Calculation Date means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which no Portfolio Disruption Event exists, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 5 and on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that it is possible for the relevant Issuer (directly or via any of its Affiliates) to establish, maintain, adjust or terminate, 
as the case may be, any Hedge Positions, using commercially reasonable efforts.

--- Page 546 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
546 
 
Cash means cash denominated in the relevant Portfolio Component Currency(k). 
Cash Position means an amount of Cash denominated in the relevant Portfolio Component Currency(k) (and, if so 
specified in the Final Terms, accruing interest at the rate specified therein, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner), as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
China Connect Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service is open for 
order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
China Connect Service means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the Exchange, 
SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (a) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides order-routing and other related 
services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (b) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, 
settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
Commodity Instrument means an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, crude oil, cocoa, corn, cotton, 
copper, milk, emissions allowances, cattle, gas oil, gold, silver, heating oil, coffee, wheat, lean hogs, natural gas, 
nickel, orange juice, lead, palladium, platinum, sugar, soybean, and more generally any commodity, any index on the 
aforementioned, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as “Applicable” in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Commodity Instrument may either be a 
Single Commodity or an Underlying Index. 
Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
CSDCC means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation. 
Debt Instrument means a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including a euro medium term note), and more 
generally any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, any index on the aforementioned, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Debt Instrument may either be a Single Debt or an Underlying Index. 
Derivatives Instrument means a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, future or option, a future or option or other 
contract traded on a regulated or organized market, an index on the aforementioned regardless of the underlying of 
such Derivatives Instrument, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Derivatives Instrument may 
either be a Single Derivatives or an Underlying Index. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs. 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last Scheduled Calculation 
Date in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Calculation Dates equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Dist Rate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k) a rate which is determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, (a) if Q(k,t) is a 
positive number, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as the percentage of Portfolio Dist(k,t) that would be 
received by a Hypothetical Investor located in Luxembourg, net of any withholding tax, before application of any tax 
credit and assuming that such Hypothetical Investor does not benefit from double taxation treaties and (b) if Q(k,t) is 
a negative number, 100%. 
Dynamic Portfolio means a Portfolio that is actively managed by the Weighting Advisor pursuant to the Weighting 
Advisory Agreement. 
Equity Instrument means (a) a Share, (b) an ETF Share, (c) a Fund or (d) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. An Equity Instrument may either be a Single Equity or an 
Underlying Index.

--- Page 547 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
547 
 
ETF means a fund traded on an Exchange that issues ETF shares.  
ETF Share means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system (if applicable) on which 
such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a 
Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index) trade, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments 
underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index) has relocated. 
Exchange Business Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Portfolio Component that is an Equity Instrument (other than a Fund, an Underlying Index 
or a Share listed in (c) below), any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the relevant Underlying Index 
Sponsor publishes the closing level of such Underlying Index and (ii) (i) each relevant Related Exchange 
(and, if deemed material by the Calculation Agent, each Exchange) of such Underlying Index is open for 
trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Related Exchange and, as the case may 
be, Exchange, closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time); and 
(c) 
in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Service, any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which 
each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
(ii) which is a China Connect Business Day. 
Fund means a Basket Component which is a fund, with a Basket Component Type specified as "Fund" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Adviser means, in relation to a Fund, any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund. 
Fund Documents means, in respect of a Fund or a fund underlying an Underlying Index on the aformentioned, the 
constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements specifying the terms and 
conditions relating to such Fund or fund underlying an Underlying Index. 
Fund Service Provider means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, 
any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the 
Fund Documents, including any Fund Adviser, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent.  
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit of such Fund. 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of a Fund observed separately, any date as defined in the Fund Documents in 
respect of which the official net asset value of such Fund is determined as of such date in accordance with its Fund 
Documents. 
FX Hedgelnd(k) means, for each Portfolio Component(k), a number equal to: 
(a) 
if FX Hedge is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if the Portfolio Component 
Currency is different from the Portfolio Currency, one (1); and 
(b) 
if FX Hedge is not specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or if the Portfolio Component 
Currency is the same as the Portfolio Currency, zero (0).

--- Page 548 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
548 
 
GearinglnfLong means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
GearinglnfShort means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
GearingSupLong means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
GearingSupShort means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
GrossGearingSup means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the sum of the long exposure and the short 
exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Gross Ordinary Distribution means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component which is an Underlying Index, the sum of distributions (including 
dividends and coupons), expressed in index points, paid in cash by the components of the Underlying Index 
which give rise neither to any adjustment at the level of such Underlying Index nor to any other adjustment 
according to these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions, in each case multiplied by their relevant quantity in 
the Underlying Index and converted into the Portfolio Component Currency(k) using the currency exchange 
rate as published by the Portfolio FX Source as of the Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time; 
(b) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component which is a Single Equity, any distribution which is an ordinary cash 
dividend (or distribution with similar characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other adjustment 
according to these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions, converted into the Portfolio Component Currency(k) 
using the currency exchange rate as published by the Portfolio FX Source as of the Portfolio FX Source 
Fixing Time; 
(c) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component which is a Single Debt, any distribution which is a coupon (or distribution 
with similar characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Portfolio 
Linked Asset Conditions, converted into the Portfolio Component Currency(k) using the currency exchange 
rate as published by the Portfolio FX Source as of the Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time; and 
(d) 
in respect of a Portfolio Component which is a Single Derivative, any distribution which does not give rise 
to any other adjustment according to these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions, converted into the Portfolio 
Component Currency(k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the Portfolio FX Source as of the 
Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time provided that such distribution does not include any payment due under the 
Derivatives Instrument on scheduled termination thereof or as a result of the amortisation of the notional 
amount of such Derivatives Instrument.  
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the withholding or deduction 
of any taxes at the source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a Gross 
Ordinary Distribution, and shall exclude any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by any 
applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds 
or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied thereon. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates, 
of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign 
exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or 
(d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described the relevant Issuer deems necessary in 
order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, its equity price risk or other risks under the Securities. 
Holding Limit Event means, assuming that the Hypothetical Investor is the relevant Issuer, that such Issuer, together 
with its Affiliates, in aggregate hold an interest in any one restricted Fund constituting or likely to constitute (directly 
or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote a percentage of any class of voting securities of such Fund in 
excess of a percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by the relevant Issuer, for the purpose of its compliance

--- Page 549 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
549 
 
with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act, including any requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant 
governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection with, such statutes. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant 
Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations 
of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a 
jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may 
arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
Hypothetical Replicating Party means a hypothetical party taking positions in the Portfolio Components for the 
purposes of replicating the performance of the Portfolio. 
Initial Weight(k) means the weight of Portfolio Component(k) as of the Initial Observation Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Lag means a positive number, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such number is specified therein, 
one (1). 
Local Jurisdiction means, if relevant, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located. 
Local Taxes means, in respect of one or more Portfolio Component(s), taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, 
including interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld 
from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Hedge Positions, excluding any 
corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
Market Data means a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a spread, or any other 
data which is either (a) specified as a Portfolio Component and Market Data in the applicable Final Terms or (b) which 
is otherwise used in the computation of the Portfolio Level. A Market Data may notably be a reference rate like a 
foreign exchange rate, an interest rate or a securities lending or borrowing rate. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Calculation Dates or such other number of Scheduled 
Calculation Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value means, in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per unit of such Fund 
including (for subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that 
would be paid (for subscription orders) or received (for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a 
Hypothetical Replicating Party pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of 
the Fund scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Fund Valuation Day. 
Net Portfolio Level means the Portfolio Level, net of Advisory Fee, Distribution Fee, Performance Fee Amounts and 
Structuring Fee, denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with these 
Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions. 
NPC(t) means, in respect of Calculation Date(t), the number of distinct Portfolio Components within the Portfolio, 
excluding any Cash Position. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Calculation 
Date and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the next following Scheduled Calculation Date 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then the provisions of Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 5.1 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days) 
below shall apply. 
Portfolio means a portfolio comprising Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Portfolio Calculation Agent means, as the case may be, the entity appointed as such pursuant to the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent Agreement and so specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and which shall calculate the

--- Page 550 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
550 
 
Portfolio Level in accordance with the Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement. Any Portfolio Calculation Agent so 
appointed shall, in performing its duties under the Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement, act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Portfolio Calculation Agent and 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to which the Calculation Agent will appoint the Portfolio Calculation Agent, whose 
duties will include calculating the Portfolio Level in accordance with these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
including, without limitation Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3. 
Portfolio Component or Portfolio Component(k) means any component of the Portfolio specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Portfolio Component may either be a Basket Component or a Market Data. 
Portfolio Component Currency(k) means the denomination currency of Portfolio Component(k), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Portfolio Currency means the denomination currency of the Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such denomination currency is specified therein, the Specified Currency. 
Portfolio Disruption Event means the occurrence of a disruption event affecting the Portfolio or a Portfolio 
Component, as further set out in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 7. 
Portfolio Dist(k,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions with an ex date which is in the period from (and excluding) Calculation Date(t-1) to(and including) 
Calculation Date(t). 
Portfolio FX(k,t) or PortFX(k,t) means, for each Calculation Date(t) and each Portfolio Component(k): 
(a) 
if "Quanto Option" is not specified as being applicable, or is specified as not applicable, in the applicable 
Final Terms, the currency exchange rate used to convert the currency of S(k,t) into the Portfolio Currency as 
of the Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation Date(t), 
as published by the Portfolio FX Source or any successor thereto; and if no such currency exchange rate is 
available at the Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time on the Calculation Date(t), the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate in respect of the Calculation Date(t); and 
(b) 
if "Quanto Option" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, one (1). 
Portfolio FX Source means, in respect of a foreign exchange rate, any price source specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the Portfolio Currency and the Portfolio Component Currency or, if the relevant exchange 
rate is not published or announced by such Portfolio FX Source at the Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time, the successor 
or alternative price source or page/publication for the relevant rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion.  
Portfolio FX Source Fixing Time means a time used to determine foreign exchange rates as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, 4:00 PM London time (or any successor time as of which the 
Portfolio FX Source publishes it closing foreign exchange rate). 
PRC means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
Q(k,0) means the number of units of Portfolio Component(k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not specified, the number of unit of Portfolio Component(k) on the Initial Observation Date as 
determined in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.6. 
Q(k,t) means the number of units of Portfolio Component(k) on Calculation Date(t) as determined in accordance with 
Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.6. 
Rate Long(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a long cash 
position in the Portfolio Component Currency(k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless the level of Rate Long(k,t) is specified as *fixed* in the

--- Page 551 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
551 
 
applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in 
order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the relevant Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) if it were to (a) 
lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Securities and/or (b) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing 
rate in respect of a cash holding in the Securities. 
Rate Short(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a short 
cash position in the Portfolio Component Currency(k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless *fixed* is specified next to the level of Rate Short(k,t) 
in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation 
Agent, upon prior notice to the Noteholders, in order to replicate the cost or gain that would be incurred by the relevant 
Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) if it were to (a) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Securities and/or (b) 
reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Securities. 
Rate Long(t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a long cash 
position in the Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date(t), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
such rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless the level of Rate Long(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final 
Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect 
the cost or gain that would be incurred by the relevant Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) if it were to (a) lend/borrow 
hedging instruments in respect of the Securities and/or (b) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect 
of a cash holding in the Securities. 
Rate Short(t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a short cash 
position in the Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such 
rate is specified therein, zero (0). Unless the level of Rate Short(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, 
on each Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost 
or gain that would be incurred by the relevant Issuer (or any of its Affiliates) if it were to (a) lend/borrow hedging 
instruments in respect of the Securities and/or (b) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a 
cash holding in the Securities. 
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.7. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system where trading has 
a material effect on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such Portfolio Component (or the 
securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an 
Underlying Index), any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to 
which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments 
underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index), has 
temporarily relocated. 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organisation of the issuer (if any) of (a) such Portfolio Component or (b) the Portfolio Component(s) 
underlying such Underlying Index. 
Repo Rate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), a rate which is equal to: 
(a) 
if Q(k,t) is a positive number, Repo Rate Long(k,t); and 
(b) 
if Q(k,t) is a negative number, Repo Rate Short(k,t). 
Repo Rate Long(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). 
Repo Rate Short(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), the rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). 
Restriking Date means each Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 552 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
552 
 
S(k,0) means the level of Portfolio Component(k) as of the Initial Observation Date, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the Reference Price of Portfolio Component(k) on the Initial Observation 
Date as determined in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.7. 
S(k,t) means the Reference Price of Portfolio Component(k) on the Calculation Date(t) as determined in accordance 
with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.7. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China Connect Service, without regard 
(in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours or (in the case of the China Connect Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the 
regular order-routing session hours. 
Scheduled Calculation Date means any day on which the Portfolio Level is scheduled to be calculated, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means: 
(a) 
In respect of any Portfolio Component that is an Equity Instrument (other than a Fund, an Underlying Index 
or a Share listed in (c) below), any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Portfolio 
Component are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
(b) 
In respect of an Underlying Index, any day on which (i) the relevant Underlying Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of such Underlying Index and/or (ii) each Related Exchange (and, if deemed material by 
the Calculation Agent, each Exchange) of such Underlying Index are scheduled to be open for trading for 
their respective regular trading sessions; and 
(c) 
In respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, any day on which (i) each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session 
and (ii) the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing 
sessions. 
SEHK means the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
Share means a share of a company or any depositary receipt thereon. 
Similar Portfolio Component means any Portfolio Component whose "main characteristics" are, similar to those of 
the relevant Affected Portfolio Component in the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" 
of a Portfolio Component comprise, without limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical 
or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio Component. 
Single Commodity means any Basket Component that is a physical commodity or future contract on a physical 
commodity, with a Basket Component Type specified as "Single Commodity" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Debt means any Basket Component that is a note, a euro medium term note or a bond, with a Basket Component 
Type specified as "Single Debt" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Derivatives means any Basket Component that is a derivatives instrument such as a structured warrant, a future, 
a forward or an option, with a Basket Component Type specified as "Single Derivatives" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Equity means any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, with a Basket Component Type specified 
as "Share", "ETF Share" or "Fund" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Gearing Long(t) means:

--- Page 553 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
553 
 
(a) 
if "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed target 
gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1) per cent. 
(b) 
if "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of Calculation 
Date(t), a target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by the 
Weighting Advisor in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Target Gearing Long(t) shall always be strictly greater than GearinglnfLong and strictly 
less than GearingSupLong, and the sum of Target Gearing Long(t) and Target Gearing Short(t) shall be less than Gross 
Gearing Sup if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Gearing Short(t) means: 
(a) 
if "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a fixed target 
gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1) per cent; and  
(b) 
if "Dynamic Portfolio" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of Calculation 
Date(t), a target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by the 
Weighting Advisor in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.6. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Target Gearing Short(t) shall always be strictly greater than GearinglnfShort and strictly 
less than GearingSupShort, and the sum of Target Gearing Long(t) and Target Gearing Short(t) shall be less than Gross 
Gearing Sup if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of 
tax residence of the issuer (if any) and in respect of an Underlying Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of 
tax residence of the issuer (if any) of the financial instrument(s) underlying such Underlying Index. 
Time Basis means the time basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time basis is specified therein: 
(a) 365 if the Portfolio Currency is set to GBP and (b) 360 in any other case. 
Underlying Index means any Basket Component with a Basket Component Type specified as "Index" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, 
if different from the Underlying Index Sponsor, as specified in the operating rules of such Underlying Index. 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the 
rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Underlying Index 
and/or (b) announces (directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying 
Index on a regular basis. 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider 
that generally accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut 
off time as set forth in the Fund Documents. 
3. 
DETERMINATION OF THE PORTFOLIO LEVEL 
3.1 
Specific Definitions Relating to Portfolio Fees 
Advisory Fee means an annual commission rate deducted from the Portfolio Level and paid to the Weighting Advisor 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such fee is specified therein, zero (0). 
Distribution Fee means an annual commission rate deducted from the Portfolio Level and paid to the Distributor as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such fee is specified therein, zero (0).

--- Page 554 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
554 
 
High Watermark is the highest value reached by the Net Portfolio Level and that exceeds the Hurdle Rate during the 
Observation Interval, and is used as a threshold for the payment of Performance Fees. In respect of an Observation 
Interval, the relevant Performance Fee Amount shall be deducted from the Portfolio Level only if the Net Portfolio 
Level exceeds the High Watermark from a previous Observation Interval.  
High Watermark Fixed Rate (HWFixedRate) means in respect of each Calculation Date, the interest rate that would 
apply to a long cash position in the Portfolio Currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is 
specified therein, zero (0).  
High Watermark Lag (HWLag) means the number of Calculation Dates between the Performance Fee calculation 
date and the date on which the Net Portfolio Level’s calculation deducts such Performance Fee as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such number is specified therein, one (1). 
Hurdle Rate mean the minimum rate of return required before any deduction of Performance Fee during the relevant 
Observation Interval, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). For 
the avoidance of doubt, a Performance Fee Amount shall be deducted from the Portfolio Level only if the performance 
of Net Portfolio Level exceeds the Hurdle Rate during an Observation Interval. 
Observation Interval means the time period for the calculation of the Performance Fee Amount, being the period 
from and including a Performance Fee Reset Date to but excluding the immediately following Performance Fee Reset 
Date. 
Performance Fee (PF) means the performance fee rate used to calculate the Performance Fee Amount. If Performance 
Fee is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Performance Fee shall be equal to zero (0). 
Performance Fee Amount (PerfFeeAmount) means the performance fee amount to be calculated in accordance with 
Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.8 that is deducted from the Portfolio Level and paid to the Weighting Advisor. 
Performance Fee Reset Dates means any date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, from and including 
the first Performance Fee Reset Date to and including the last Performance Fee Reset Date, and recurring annually or 
at another frequency in each year, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Structuring Fee means an annual commission rate deducted from the Portfolio Level and paid to the Calculation 
Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such fee is specified therein, zero (0). 
3.2 
Net Portfolio Level 
(a) 
The Net Portfolio Level (NPL(t)) is, in respect of any Calculation Date(t), determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject to the occurrence or existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event, in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(i) 
if Performance Fee is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
NPL(t)= (
NPL(t-1)×PL(t)
PL(t-1)
) × (1-
FactorFees(t)×ACT(t-1,t)
360
)  
NPL(0) = PL(0) 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
NPL(t) = INPL(t) – ∑
PerfFeeAmount(t −k)
HWLag−1
k=0
 
With, 
INPL(t)= (
INPL(t–1)×PL(t)
PL(t-1)
) × (1 – 
FactorFees(t)×ACT(t–1,t)
360
) –  PerfFeeAmount(t −HWLag)  
INPL(0) = NPL(0) = PL(0) 
(b) 
For the purpose of the calculation in sub-clause (a) above:

--- Page 555 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
555 
 
PerfFeeAmount(t) means, in respect of any Calculation Date(t), the Performance Fee Amount. 
FactorFees(t) means, in respect of any Calculation Date(t), the sum of (a) AdvisoryFee(t), (b) 
DistributionFee(t) and (c) Structuring Fee(t). 
AdvisoryFee(t) is equal to Advisory Fee as of the Initial Observation Date and for each subsequent 
Calculation Date(t). 
DistributionFee(t) is equal to Distribution Fee as of the Initial Observation Date and for each subsequent 
Calculation Date(t). 
StructuringFee(t) is equal to Structuring Fee as of the Initial Observation Date and for each subsequent 
Calculation Date(t). 
3.3 
Portfolio Level 
(a) 
Subject to the occurrence or existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event, the Portfolio Level (PL(t)) is, in 
respect of any Calculation Date(t), determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Portfolio Linked Asset 
Condition 4.2) in accordance with the following formula: 
PL(t) = [PL(t — 1) + Perf (t — 1,t) + Fin (t — 1,t)] — TC(t — 1,t)  
(b) 
For the purpose of this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3, the following definition shall apply: 
PL(0) means the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is 
specified, the Specified Denomination. 
3.4 
Performance 
(a) 
The performance component of the Portfolio Level calculation, Perf(t-1,t), is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Perf(t-1,t) = Perf Component(t-1,t) - Perf FX(t-1,t) + DivBucket(t)  
(b) 
For the purpose of this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.4, the following definitions shall apply: 
DivBucket(t) has the value determined in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.6. 
Perf Component(t-1,t) =  
∑
(Q(k,t-1)× [AF(k,t)×PortFX(k,t)×S(k,t)-PortFX(k,t-1)×S(k,t-1)×(1-RepoRate(k,t-1)×
ACT(t-1, t)
Time Basis)])
NPC(t-1)
k=1
  
Perf FX (t-1,t) = 
 ∑
[FXHedgeInd(k)×Q(k,t-1)×Port FX(k,t-1)×S(k,t-1)× (
Port FX(k,t)
Port FX(k,t-1) -1)]
NPC(t-1)
k=1 
 
3.5 
Financing Cost 
(a) 
The financing cost component of the Portfolio Level calculation, Fin(t-1,t), is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Fin(t-1,t) = -FinUnderlying(t-1,t)- FinForexStrat(t-1,t)  
(ii) 
otherwise, if Excess Return is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Fin(t-1,t)=
(PL(t-1)×ERate(t-1)×ACT(t-1,t))
Time Basis
-FinUnderlying(t-1,t)-FinForexStrat(t-1,t)

--- Page 556 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
556 
 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.5, the following definitions shall apply: 
ERate(t-1) and ERate(k,t-1) are each determined in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
if Excess Return is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if “Portfolio CCY Cash Positions Netting” is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
ERate(t-1) = RateLong(t-1)  
(A) 
if Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 :  
ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1)  
(B) 
otherwise, if Q(k,t-1) < 0:  
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1)  
(ii) 
otherwise, if “Portfolio CCY Cash Positions Netting” is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if PL(t-1)-
∑
((1-FXHedgeInd(k))×Q(k,tR(t))×PortFX(k,t-1)×S(k,t-1)× IsFunded(k) ) ≥0
NPC(t-1)
k=1
 
ERate(t-1)=RateLong(t-1)  
ERate(k,t-1)=RateLong(t-1)  
(B) 
otherwise: 
ERate(t-1) = RateShort(t-1)  
ERate(k, t-1)= RateShort(t-1)  
(b) 
otherwise, if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 : 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1)  
(ii) 
if Q(k,t-1) < 0: 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1)   
FinForexStrat(t-1,t) = 
∑
(FXHedgeInd(k)×Q(k,t-1)×PortFX(k,t-1)×S(k,t-1)×IsFunded(k)×(Rate(k,t-1)-ERate(k,t-1))×
ACT(t-1,t)
Time Basis)
NPC(t-1)
k=1
  
FinUnderlying(t-1,t) = 
∑
(Q(k,t-1)×PortFX(k,t-1)× S(k,t-1)×IsFunded(k)×ERate(k, t-1)× ACT(t-1,t)
Time Basis )
NPC(t-1)
k=1
  
IsFunded(k) means: 
(a) 
if Unfunded Component is applicable in respect of Portfolio Component(k), zero (0); and

--- Page 557 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
557 
 
(b) 
otherwise, if Unfunded Component is not specified as applicable in respect of Portfolio 
Component(k), one (1). 
Rate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 : 
Rate(k,t-1) = RateShort(k,t-1)  
(b) 
otherwise, if Q(k, t −1) <  0 : 
Rate(k, t −1) =  RateLong(k, t −1)  
3.6 
Computation of the quantities Q(k,t) 
(i) 
For each Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), and subject to any adjustment determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption 
Event, Q(k,t) shall be determined in accordance with the following: 
(A) 
in respect of the Initial Observation Date, Q(k,0); 
(B) 
thereafter, if there are one or more Modification Proposals affecting Portfolio 
Component(k) with a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date(t), the quantity communicated 
by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Section 3.3; or 
(C) 
otherwise: 
(I) 
if a Portfolio Calculation Agent has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Portfolio Calculation Agent may adjust the number of units of Portfolio 
Component(k) on Calculation Date(t) pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event 
or a Portfolio Disruption Event, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, in 
accordance with the General Calculation Methodology; and 
(II) 
if Portfolio Calculation Agent is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Q(k,t)=Q(k,t-1)×AF(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t) 
(ii) 
For the purpose of this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.6, the following definitions shall apply: 
Q(k,0) means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the result of the following 
formula: 
PL(0) ×
InitialWeight(k)
S(k,0) × PortFX(k,0)  
AF(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are each determined in accordance with the following on each 
Calculation Date(t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component(k): 
(a) 
if Reinvestment Method is specified as "Individual Components" in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
AF(k,t)=1+ (Dist Rate(k,t)×Portfolio Dist(k,t))
(S(k,t-1) – Portfolio Dist(k,t))
  
DivBucket(t) = 0 
(b) 
otherwise, if Reinvestment Method is specified as "Portfolio" in the applicable Final 
Terms:

--- Page 558 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
558 
 
AF(k,t) =1+
∑
(0.5×(Abs(Q(j,t-1))+Q(k,t-1)×Q(j, t-1))×PortFX(j,t-1)×DistRate(j,t)×PortfolioDist(j,t))
NPC(t-1)
j=1
∑
(0.5×(Abs(Q(j,t-1))+Q(k,t-1)×Q(j, t-1))×PortFX(j,t-1)×S(j,t-1))
NPC(t-1)
j=1
  
DivBucket(t) = 0 
(c) 
otherwise, if Reinvestment Method is specified as "Cash Bucket" in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
AF(k,t) = 1 
DivBucket(t)= ∑
Dist Rate(k,t)×Portfolio Dist(k,t)×Q(k, t-1)×PortFX(k,t-1)
NPC(t-1)
k=1
  
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following formula: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag)=
∑
[Abs(Q(k,t-Lag))+Q(k,t-Lag)]×S(k,t-Lag)×PortFX(k,t-Lag)
NPC(t-Lag)
k=1
2×PL(t-Lag)
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following formula: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag)=
∑
[Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) – Q(k,t-Lag)]×S(k,t-Lag)×PortFX(k,t-Lag)
NPC(t-Lag)
k=1
2×PL(t-Lag)
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t) and in respect of each 
Portfolio Component(k): 
(a) 
if Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 : 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t)  
(b) 
if Q(k,t-1) < 0 :   
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t)  
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
(a) 
If Long Factor Condition is satisfied: 
ReweightFactorLong(t) = 
TargetGearingLong(t)×2×
PL(t-1)+Perf (t-1,t)+Fin(t-1,t)
∑
[Abs(Q(k,t-1))+Q(k,t-1)]×AF(k,t)×S(k,t)×PortFX(k,t)
NPC(t-1)
k=1
  
(b) 
otherwise 
ReweightFactorLong(t) = 1 
If none of GearingInfLong, GearingSupLong or Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall always be set to 1. 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
(a) 
If Short Factor Condition is satisfied: 
ReweightFactorShort(t) = 
TargetGearingShort(t)×2×
PL(t-1)+Perf (t-1,t)+Fin(t-1,t)
∑
[Abs(Q(k,t-1))-Q(k,t-1)]×AF(k,t)×S(k,t)×PortFX(k,t)
NPC(t-1)
k=1
  
(b) 
otherwise

--- Page 559 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
559 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) = 1 
If none of GearingInfShort, GearingSupShort or Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall always be set to 1. 
(iii) 
For the purpose of the definition of ReweightFactorLong(t) above: 
The Long Factor Condition will be satisfied if: 
(A) 
one of the following requirements is true: 
(I) 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong; 
(II) 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearinglnfLong; 
(III) 
t is a Restriking Date; or 
(IV) 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
one of the followings requirements is also true: 
(I) 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
(II) 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearinglnfShort 
(III) 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) 
+ 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) 
> 
GrossGearingSup 
(iv) 
For the purpose of the definition of ReweightFactorShort(t) above: 
The Short Factor Condition will be satisfied if: 
(A) 
one of the following requirements is true: 
(I) 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort; 
(II) 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearinglnfShort; 
(III) 
t is a Restriking Date; or 
(IV) 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
and 
(B) 
one of the followings requirements is also true: 
(I) 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
(II) 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearinglnfLong 
(III) 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) 
+ 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) 
> 
GrossGearingSup

--- Page 560 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
560 
 
3.7 
Reference Price 
Reference Price means, in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Date(t), the price of any Portfolio Component(k), as 
determined by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or, if none, by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with the following: 
(A) 
if the Portfolio Component(k) is a Cash Position, its amount (including any accrued interest, as the case may 
be) expressed in the relevant Portfolio Component Currency(k), in which case “Face Value” will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(B) 
for any Portfolio Component(k) other than a Cash Position: 
(a) 
if “Closing Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or if no Reference Price 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
(i) 
if such Portfolio Component(k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share, 
the official closing price of such Share or ETF Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on 
such Scheduled Calculation Date(t) (or if such Scheduled Calculation Date(t) is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Scheduled Trading Day 
preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date(t); 
(ii) 
if such Portfolio Component(k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit, the latest 
available Net Asset Value in respect of such Scheduled Calculation Date(t); 
(iii) 
if such Portfolio Component(k) is a Commodity Instrument, the official closing price 
published on the relevant price source on such Scheduled Calculation Date(t); 
(iv) 
if such Portfolio Component(k) a Debt Instrument, the official closing price of such Debt 
Instrument on such Scheduled Calculation Date(t); 
(v) 
if such Portfolio Component(k) is an Underlying Index, the official closing level of such 
Underlying Index as published by the Underlying Index Sponsor or, as the case may be, 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent, at the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled 
Calculation Date(t) (or, if such Scheduled Calculation Date(t) is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled 
Calculation Date(t); or 
(vi) 
if such Portfolio Component(k) is a Derivatives Instrument, the closing value of such 
Derivatives Instrument on such Scheduled Calculation Date(t); 
(b) 
if “Fixing Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price or level of such 
Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, as of such Calculation Date(t) and as of the Reference Fixing 
Time (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(c) 
if “TWAP” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the time weighted average price 
or level of such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date(t), calculated 
between the TWAP Start Time (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the TWAP End Time 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
if “VWAP” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume weighted average 
price or level of such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date(t), calculated 
between the VWAP Start Time (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the VWAP End 
Time (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
(e) 
if “Opening Price” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official opening price 
or level of such Portfolio Component(k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date(t); 
(f) 
if “Best Effort” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any of the above options, 
provided that the Reference Price will correspond to the above Reference Price that would be

--- Page 561 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
561 
 
actually obtained by the Portfolio Calculation Agent, or, if none, by the Calculation Agent (or any 
of its Affiliates) if it were to hedge such Reference Price; or 
(g) 
if “Bid-Ask Spread” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to a purchase order because of 
an increased exposure to such Portfolio Component(k), the resulting Reference Price shall 
be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + Spread Mid-Ask), where Spread Mid-Ask is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to a sell order because of a 
decreased exposure to such Portfolio Component(k), the resulting Reference Price shall be 
further adjusted and multiplied by (1 – Spread Bid-Mid), where Spread Bid-Mid is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of the above options may be applied in a 
different manner in respect of (A) different Scheduled Calculation Dates, (B) different Portfolio Components; 
or provided that, if “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any of the 
above options may be applied in a different manner in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Dates and any 
Portfolio Components depending on whether a Modification Proposal (as defined in Portfolio Linked Asset 
Condition 4) is effective on a given Calculation Date. 
3.8 
Determination of the Performance Fee Amount 
(a) 
The Performance Fee Amount (PerfFeeAmount(t)), in respect of any Calculation Date(t), is determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
a) if HWLag = 1  
PerfFeeAmount(t) = Max[0; PF x (INPL(t) – HWM(t-1))] 
b) Otherwise, if HWLag > 1 
PerfFeeAmount(t) = Max[0; PF x (INPL(t) ∑
PerfFeeAmount(t −k)
HWlag−1
k=1
− HWM(t −1))] 
Where 
PerfFeeAmount(0) = 0 for avoidance of doubt, PerfFeeAmount(t) is equal to 0 for each t ≤ 0 
A Performance Fee Amount is deducted from the Portfolio Level (and paid to the Weighting Advisor) if the 
performance of the Net Portfolio Level exceeds the Hurdle Rate during the relevant Observation Interval. 
(b) 
For the purpose of this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.8, the following definitions shall apply: 
HWM(t) means, in respect of any Calculation Date(t), the level of the High Watermark, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if Calculation Date(t) is a Performance Fee Reset Date or in respect of the Initial Observation Date: 
HWM(t) = (1 + Hurdle Rate) x NPL(t) 
(b) 
otherwise: 
HWM(t)=Max[HWM(t-1)× (1+
HWFixedRate×ACT(t-1,1)
360
) ; NPL(t)]

--- Page 562 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
562 
 
4. 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
This Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4 applies only if “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise stated herein, the following is to be considered as an additional Condition 
to these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions. 
As further detailed hereinafter and in particular in Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 4.3 and 4.6, the composition of 
the Portfolio and the target gearing exposures may be amended by way of Modifications Proposal(s) submitted by the 
Weighting Advisor in accordance with this Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 4. 
4.1 
Additional definitions applicable to Dynamic Portfolios 
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criterion means a Global Portfolio Eligibility Criterion, a Component Related 
Eligibility Criterion or a Modification Related Eligibility Criterion, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria should be construed accordingly. 
Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExecAddOnRate(k,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component(k), a transaction cost rate 
which is set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
ExecCostRateln(k,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), an execution cost rate as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by the relevant Issuer (or any of its 
Affiliates) if it were to buy hedging instruments in respect of the Securities. 
ExecCostRateOut(k,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k), an execution cost rate 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by the relevant Issuer (or any of 
its Affiliates) if it were to sell hedging instruments in respect of the Securities. 
Force Majeure Event means exceptional circumstances with respect to the Securities, the relevant Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor beyond the control of such parties such as, without limitation, any change 
in national or international political, legal, tax, financial or regulatory conditions or any calamity or emergency which 
prevent or to a material extent restrict the performance of the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting 
Advisor of its obligations under the Weighting Advisory Agreement or the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 4.3. 
Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Modification Proposal. A Modification Trigger shall be one or more of 
the following: 
(a) 
past or forecasted level and/or performance of the Portfolio Component(s) which is (are) subject to the 
Modification Proposal; 
(b) 
past or forecasted level and/or level of the Portfolio Component(s) which is (are) subject to the Modification 
Proposal; 
(c) 
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio Component(s) which is (are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
(d) 
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; 
(e) 
publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio or the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is (are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
(f) 
determination of expected or publication of realised fundamental valuation the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is (are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
(g) 
determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; 
(h) 
determination of expected or publication of realised earnings;

--- Page 563 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
563 
 
(i) 
that, in the absence of the Modification Proposal, the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria would not be complied 
with; 
(j) 
regulatory requirement or restriction; 
(k) 
determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
(l) 
determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
(m) 
events (including notably change of rules or composition) of an Underlying Index or Market Data. 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a set of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and as further detailed in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.4. Any Modification Proposal by the Weighting 
Advisor which is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria shall be rejected by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.3.  
Rebalancing Date means the day on which a Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Review Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, from (and including) the Issue Date to 
(but excluding) the Redemption Observation Date, when the Calculation Agent is deemed to receive a Modification 
Proposal from the Weighting Advisor. The Review Date must not be a Disrupted Day for any of the existing Portfolio 
Components that are affected by the Modification Proposal, or for any of the instruments or data that are proposed to 
become new Portfolio Components, as if they were already part of the Portfolio.  
Target Exposure Implementation Date means the day on which a Target Exposure Modification Proposal is deemed 
to be effective, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Exposure Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance 
with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.6. 
Target Exposure Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. A Target 
Exposure Modification Trigger shall be one or more of the following: 
(a) 
past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; 
(b) 
publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio; 
(c) 
determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; 
(d) 
determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; 
(e) 
regulatory requirement or restriction; 
(f) 
determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the 
Portfolio Components; and/or 
(g) 
determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or events 
(including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant Underlying Index or Market Data. 
Total Number of Portfolio Components (TNPC(t-1,t)) means in respect of the Calculation Date(t) and Calculation 
Date(t-1), the cumulative number of different Portfolio Components comprising the Portfolio as of such Calculation 
Date(t) and Calculation Date(t-1). 
Weighting Advisor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which is entitled to propose 
Modifications Proposal(s) in accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.3. 
Weighting Advisory Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer and 
the Weighting Advisor in respect of the Securities pursuant to which that Issuer and the Calculation Agent will appoint

--- Page 564 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
564 
 
the Weighting Advisor whose duties will include proposing Modifications Proposal(s) to the Portfolio. Under the 
terms of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Weighting Advisor and every Modification Proposal(s) will aim to 
maximise the Portfolio Level in accordance with these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions including, without limitation 
Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4 and the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. When performing its duties under the 
Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Weighting Advisory shall act in good faith and exercising the diligence of a 
reasonably prudent investment advisor or adviser in similar circumstances. 
4.2 
Amendments to Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.3  
(i) 
The following amendments to Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.3 shall apply for the purpose of 
determining the Portfolio Level if a Portfolio Calculation Agent has been specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(I) 
The Portfolio Level is computed and maintained pursuant to the calculation formulae as 
specified in the calculation methodology of the Portfolio Calculation Agent available at the 
URL specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “General Calculation Methodology”). 
(II) 
The calculation formula provides that the Portfolio Level changes based on the change of 
the prices of its Portfolio Components taking into account their weight in the Portfolio and 
any currency conversion determined by reference to the Portfolio FX Source and Portfolio 
FX Source Fixing Time in case the price of a Portfolio Component is quoted in a currency 
other than the Portfolio Currency as calculated by the Portfolio Calculation Agent. 
(III) 
Any dividends or other distributions are reinvested taking into account the distribution rate 
DistRate and in accordance with the Reinvestment Method specified in the Final Terms. 
If not specified in the General Calculation Methodology, the Portfolio Level may be 
impacted by the Portfolio Transaction Cost as follow: 
PL(t)=PL(t-1)×(
GPL(t)
GPL(t-1)) ×(1-TC(t-1,t))  
(ii) 
For the purpose of (i) above: 
GPL(t) means, in respect of Calculation Date(t), the Portfolio Level calculated by the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent before any deduction of transaction cost. 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of each Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k) (or, as specified 
in the Final Terms, each Portfolio Component(k) listed on a listing venue specified therein), the 
percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or, if no such level is so specified, the 
transaction cost in respect of each Calculation Date(t) and Portfolio Component(k) shall be a 
percentage determined in accordance with the following: 
TCR(k,t) = ExecCostRate(k,t) + ExecAddOnRate(k,t) 
ExecCostRate(k,t) is determined in accordance with the following: 
(a) 
if there is an increased exposure to Portfolio Component(k) then: 
ExecCostRate(k,t) = ExecCostRateIn(k,t)  
(b) 
otherwise: 
ExecCostRate(k,t) = ExecCostRateOut(k,t)  
In the event of any inconsistency between the Base Prospectus and the General Calculation 
Methodology, the Base Prospectus will prevail. 
(iii) 
The following additional definitions shall be included for the purpose of the above formula:

--- Page 565 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
565 
 
PL(0) means the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such level is specified, the Specified Denomination. 
Portfolio Transaction Cost (TC) means a cost levied by the Calculation Agent or the Portfolio 
Calculation Agent, on the Portfolio Level for each Portfolio Component adjustment within the 
Portfolio upon the application of a Modification Proposal on each Rebalancing Date and taking into 
account the transaction costs TCR(k,t), calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
TC(t-1,t) = ∑
Abs[(Q(k,t)-Q(k,t-1)×AF(k,t)]×S(k,t)×PortFX(k,t)×TCR(k,t)
TNPC(t-1,t)
k=1
 
The terms of the above formula not defined in this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.2 are defined in 
Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 3.6 and 3.7 above. 
4.3 
Re-Weighting of Dynamic Portfolio composition 
(a) 
The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the 
Portfolio, subject to the Portfolio remaining in compliance with each and every Applicable Portfolio 
Eligibility Criterion. 
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
(i) 
the quantity of any Portfolio Component(k) in the Portfolio; 
(ii) 
the inclusion of one or several new Portfolio Component(k) in the Portfolio; 
(iii) 
the removal of one of several Portfolio Component(k) from Portfolio; or 
(iv) 
any combination thereof, 
(each a Modification Proposal, and together, the Modification Proposals) in accordance with the procedure 
described in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.4 (the Re-Weighting Procedure). For the avoidance of 
doubt, any Q(k,t) may be equal to 0, in which case the relevant Portfolio Component shall be deemed to be 
entirely removed from the Portfolio. It is understood that it is the responsibility of the Weighting Advisor to 
ensure that any Modification Proposal complies with the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and that, subject to 
Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.3(b), neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will be able to 
influence a Modification Proposal. 
In addition, when submitting a Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary 
details required to implement such Modification Proposal and (ii) the Modification Trigger(s) applicable to 
such Modification Proposal. 
(b) 
Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Modification Proposals relating 
to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
the Modification Proposal would if implemented in whole or in part breach or cause a breach of any 
provision of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, any applicable law, regulation and/or any risk or 
compliance-related guideline, policy or other internal or external restrictions which the relevant 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent may be subject to; or 
(ii) 
the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, and in 
particular the Modification Proposal is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria set 
out in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a Modification Proposal is 
incomplete, in particular it does not include parameters which are necessary to implement the 
Modification Proposal, including but not limited to the applicable Modification Trigger and 
information necessary to identify each Portfolio Component or elements necessary to determine the 
quantity of each Portfolio Component; or

--- Page 566 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
566 
 
(iv) 
the relevant Issuer’s ability to hedge (directly or via any of its Affiliates) its exposure under the 
Securities would be materially affected by the implementation of the Modification Proposal or such 
Modification Proposal would increase the cost of hedging the Securities, including but not limited 
to (A) as a result of a change in law or regulation, (B) the imposition of taxes, stamp duties, financial 
transaction tax or any other tax or levy having a similar effect or (C) in case the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that the liquidity of the Portfolio 
Component affected by such Modification Proposal is not sufficient for the relevant Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates to implement such Modification Proposal;  
(v) 
any event has occurred that makes it impossible or impracticable to (i) convert a relevant Portfolio 
Currency(k) into another Portfolio Currency(k) and/or the Specified Currency through customary 
legal channels (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of 
hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of one currency 
into another currency or a price source disruption) or (ii) to deliver a Portfolio Currency(k) from an 
account to another, in each case as may be required for the purpose of a Modification Proposal; or 
(vi) 
a Force Majeure Event affecting the Securities, the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Weighting Advisor has occurred and is continuing. 
(c) 
Unless a Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the 
above grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Modification Proposal in accordance with 
the Re-Weighting Procedure without any liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the outcome of such 
Modification Proposal on the Securities. 
(d) 
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent upon request from any 
Securityholder: 
 
the composition of the Portfolio; and 
 
the detail of each Modification Proposal including the applicable Modification Trigger. 
4.4 
Re-Weighting Procedure 
Subject to the provision of Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.3(b) above, and provided that the relevant Modification 
Proposal was received before the Communication Deadline on the relevant Review Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
on each Rebalancing Date give effect to the relevant Modification Proposal(s). Any Modification Proposal received 
on a Review Date after the Communication Deadline shall be deemed received on the immediately subsequent Review 
Date.

--- Page 567 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
567 
 
4.5 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
Global Portfolio Eligibility Criteria Means one or more of the following: 
 
the Portfolio shall meet the diversification requirements applying to the 
assets of an Undertaking for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (a UCITS) complying with the European Union Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for 
collective investment in transferable securities or any successor thereto 
(including the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 13 July 2009, as amended) (the UCITS Directive); or 
 
the Portfolio must [not] contain [less][more] [than] [specify number of 
Portfolio Components in the applicable Final Terms] Portfolio 
Components, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria 
Means the combination of (i) a Portfolio Component Type Criteria and/or (ii) a 
Portfolio Component Sub Type Criteria and/or (iii) one or more Attribute Criteria 
and/or (iv) a Criteria Impact, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria is expressed as follows: 
[Portfolio Component Type Criteria] [and] [Portfolio Component Sub Type 
Criteria] [and] [one or more Attribute Criteria] [Criteria Impact] 
Only instruments or market data that meet the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria may become a Portfolio Component at the exclusion of all the others. 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria Means a criteria which defines the types of Portfolio Components (each a 
Portfolio Component Type and together the Portfolio Component Types) 
which are subject to a Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria.  
A Portfolio Component Type Criterion is expressed as follows: 
[A] Portfolio Component[s] which [is][are] [one of the following][a][an] 
[Portfolio Component Type] 
 
Where Portfolio Component Type means any of the following: 
 
Commodity Instrument; 
 
Debt Instrument; 
 
Derivatives Instrument; 
 
Equity Instrument;  
 
Cash Position; or 
 
Market Data, 
which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 568 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
568 
 
Portfolio Component Sub Type 
Criteria 
Means in respect of a Portfolio Component Type defined pursuant to the 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria, a criterion which defines the sub type of 
Portfolio Component Type (each a Portfolio Component Sub Type and 
together the Portfolio Component Sub Types). A Portfolio Component Sub 
Type Criterion is expressed as follows: 
[and] [which] [is][are] [not] [one of the following][a][an] [Portfolio Component 
Sub Type] 
 
Where Portfolio Component Sub Type means: 
 
in respect of a Commodity Instrument, either Single Commodity or 
Underlying Index; 
 
in respect of a Debt Instrument, either Single Debt or Underlying Index; 
 
in respect of a Derivatives Instrument, either Single Derivatives or 
Underlying Index; 
 
in respect of an Equity Instrument, either Share, ETF Share, Fund or 
Underlying Index; or 
 
in respect of a Market Data, either foreign exchange rate, interest rate 
or securities lending or borrowing rate, 
in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Attribute Criteria 
Means one or more of the identification conditions listed in the section "List of 
Attributes with Attribute Values" below, and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms that must be met by a Portfolio Component in addition to the Portfolio 
Component Type Criteria and the Portfolio Component Sub-Type Criteria (if 
any) and expressed as follows: 
[for][which] [is][are] [not] [has][have][does not have][do not have] 
[a][an][Attribute(s)] [higher] [lower] [than] [or] [equal to][among the following] 
[one of the following] [is][are][not] [set to] [Attribute Value(s)] 
Criteria Impact 
Means the constraint or set thereof which apply(ies) to an Attribute Criteria (or 
set thereof) in relation to a given set of Portfolio Component Type(s) and/or 
Portfolio Component Sub Type(s). It is expressed as follows: 
[[is][are] [not] allowed] 
[must [not] have [an individual][an aggregate] [quantity][weight (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as its quantity multiplied by its price or level, converted 
if necessary into the Portfolio Currency, then divided by the Portfolio Level)] 
[higher][lower][than][or][equal to] [Quantitative Constraint]]. 
Where Quantitative Constraint(s) is a number, rate, percentage or level specified 
in the applicable Final Terms under the item Portfolio Eligibility Criteria.

--- Page 569 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
569 
 
Modification Related Eligibility 
Criteria 
Means one or more of the following: 
 
the Modification Proposal shall not require the relevant Issuer [or the 
Calculation Agent] to trade more than [specify percentage] of the 
average of traded volumes on the relevant Exchange over the past 
[specify the number of days in the applicable Final Terms] days (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
 
the Weighting Advisor must [not] propose [at least][at most][more 
than][less than] [specify number of Modifications Proposal(s) in the 
applicable Final Terms] Modifications Proposal per [specify 
frequency]; or 
 
the Weighting Advisor [may][must][not][only] propose a Modification 
Proposal on the following dates: [specify date in the applicable Final 
Terms], 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
List of Attributes with Attribute Values 
Attributes 
Attribute Values 
Cash Position 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms if the minimum amount of Cash is 
subject to a minimum of zero or alternatively a particular percentage of 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount on any given Review Date] 
Listed on a regulated Exchange of 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the country where the Exchange(s) 
of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria are located.] 
Listed on 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the Exchange(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
Issued by 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria; if the relevant issuer is either Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
or Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A,, please add the 
following words “in accordance with the Base Prospectus”] 
Issued by an entity located in 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the registration country(ies) of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Issued by an entity whose industry is 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the industry(ies) of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria]

--- Page 570 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
570 
 
Issued by an entity whose sector is 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the sector(s) of the Portfolio 
Component(s) or, as relevant, of the Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
Issued by an entity whose sub-sector is 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-sector(s) of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Denominated in 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the denomination currency(ies) of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Issue size 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate issue size of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
Maturity 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the maximum maturity date of the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria] 
Net Asset Value 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate net asset value of 
the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component 
Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Market capitalisation 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the aggregate market 
capitalisation of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Number of days of average traded 
volume and average traded volume 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the period (for example 60 days) 
and the corresponding average volume traded on the relevant market or 
Exchange over such period] 
Registered for public offering in 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the country(ies) where the 
Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria can be offered to the public] 
Compliant with the UCITS Directive 
None 
Sponsored by 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the sponsor of the Portfolio 
Component(s) (for example an index) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Managed by 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the manager of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
Advised by 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the of the Portfolio Component(s) 
which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria, for 
example the advisor of the fundi

--- Page 571 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
571 
 
Sub-managed by 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the sub-manager of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
Issued by an entity whose long term 
credit rating 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the credit rating of the 
Company(ies) or issuer(s) of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Published by 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the publisher of the Portfolio 
Component(s) (for example an index) which is(are) subject to the 
Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Member of [a publicly available Index] 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the publicly available index or 
indices which must contain the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Component Related Eligibility Criteria] 
Underlying 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the underlying of the Portfolio 
Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Component Related Eligibility 
Criteria] 
Eligible for inclusion to the assets of a 
UCITS complying with the UCITS 
Directive. 
None 
Reference Price 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the Reference Price election, see 
Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.7 
FX Hedge 
[Specify in the applicable Final Terms the FX Hedge election, i.e. 
applicable or not applicable] 
 
4.6 
Changing the target exposures 
(a) 
The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the 
target gearing percentages of the exposures. 
(b) 
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
(i) 
the value of Target Gearing Long; 
(ii) 
the value of Target Gearing Short; 
(each a Target Exposure Modification Proposal and together, the Target Exposure Modification 
Proposals) in accordance with the procedure described in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.7 (the Change 
in Target Gearings Procedure). It is understood that neither the relevant Issuer nor the Calculation Agent 
will be able to influence a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
(c) 
In addition, when submitting a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide 
(i) all necessary details required to implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal and (ii) the Target 
Exposure Modification Trigger(s) applicable to such Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
(d) 
Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Target Exposure Modification 
Proposals relating to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines that:

--- Page 572 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
572 
 
(i) 
the Target Exposure Modification Proposal would breach or cause a breach of any provision of the 
Weighting Advisory Agreement, any applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance guidelines 
and policy of the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; or 
(iii) 
the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a Target Exposure Modification 
Proposal is incomplete, in particular it does not include parameters which are necessary to 
implement the Target Exposure Modification Proposal, including but not limited to the applicable 
Target Exposure Modification Trigger; or 
(iv) 
the relevant Issuer's or any of its Affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Securities would 
be materially affected by the implementation of the Target Exposure Modification Proposal; or 
(v) 
a Force Majeure Event affecting the Securities, the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Weighting Advisor has occurred and is continuing. 
(e) 
Unless a Target Exposure Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of 
one or more of the above grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Target Exposure 
Modification Proposal in accordance with the Change in Target Gearings Procedure without any liability of 
the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
(f) 
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent upon request: 
(i) 
the values of the Target Gearing Long and Target Gearing Short; and 
(ii) 
the detail of each Target Exposure Modification Proposal including the applicable Target Exposure 
Modification Trigger. 
4.7 
Change in Target Gearings Procedure 
Subject to the provision of Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 4.6(b) above, and provided that the relevant Target 
Exposure Modification Proposal was received before the Communication Deadline on the relevant Review Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall on each Target Exposure Implementation Date give effect to the relevant Target Exposure 
Modification Proposal(s). Any Target Exposure Modification Proposal received on a Review Date after the 
Communication Deadline shall be deemed received on the immediately subsequent Review Date. 
4.8 
Effect of Termination of Weighting Advisory Agreement 
If the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the Redemption Date: 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may elect to treat such event as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the Securities, 
and by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but 
not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent may appoint a substitute Weighting Advisor (the Substitute Weighting Advisor) 
acceptable to the Issuer, that will take over the obligations of the existing Weighting Advisor (and be deemed 
to be the Weighting Advisor for the purposes of these Conditions), as soon as possible after the termination 
of the Weighting Advisory Agreement and in any event no later than one month thereafter. If an agreement 
similar to the Weighting Advisory Agreement is not entered into between the relevant Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent and the Substitute Weighting Advisor by such date, the Portfolio Components will keep the same 
weightings as those on the date of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. Should no such 
Substitute Weighting Advisor be so appointed by such day, the relevant Issuer may apply (a) above.

--- Page 573 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
573 
 
4.9 
Effect of Termination of Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement 
If a Portfolio Calculation Agent has been appointed and the relevant Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement is 
terminated prior to the Redemption Date: 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may elect to treat such event as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the Securities, 
and by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but 
not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent may name a substitute Portfolio Calculation Agent (the Substitute Portfolio 
Calculation Agent), acceptable to the Issuer, that will take over the obligations of the existing Portfolio 
Calculation Agent (and be deemed to be the Portfolio Calculation Agent for the purposes of these Conditions), 
as soon as possible after the termination of the Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement and no later than one 
month after the termination of the Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement. If an agreement similar to the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement is not entered into between the relevant Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
and the Substitute Portfolio Calculation Agent concomitantly to the Portfolio Calculation Agent Agreement 
being terminated, the relevant Issuer may apply (a) above. 
5. 
CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
5.1 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, in the case of Portfolio Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent 
may: 
(i) 
postpone that Observation Date, in which case that Observation Date will be the first immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day (the Portfolio Determination 
Date), unless each consecutive Scheduled Calculation Date up to and including the Disruption 
Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day, in which case (I) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed 
to be the relevant Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
(II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Portfolio as on the Disruption Longstop 
Date in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Portfolio last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
determine the level for the Portfolio (or a method for determining such level) for such day, taking 
into consideration the latest available pricing information for the Portfolio Components and any 
other information that in good faith it deems relevant, 
with such value so determined being used as the relevant Portfolio Level. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the Portfolio Level in accordance with Portfolio 
Linked Asset Condition 5.1(a)(i) or Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 5.1(a)(ii) above, as the case may be, or 
if such determination would not, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for such Portfolio 
Disruption Event, then the following shall apply: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate to account for any such Disrupted Day and determine the date(s) on which any such 
adjustments will be effective. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the purposes of 
sub-paragraph 5.1(a)(i), the relevant Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, upon giving 
notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 574 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
574 
 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on an Observation Date. Such notice 
shall give the details of such Disrupted Day and the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in 
relation thereto. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
5.2 
Averaging Date Disruption 
If any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, where the consequence specified for "Averaging Date Disruption" in the 
applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
"Omission", then such Averaging Date will be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for purposes of 
determining the relevant Portfolio Level, and if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date 
would occur with respect to the relevant Observation Date, Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 5.1(b) will apply 
for purposes of determining the relevant level on the final Averaging Date in respect of that Observation Date 
as if such final Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
"Postponement", then Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 5.1(b) will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant level on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were an Observation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day, irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would 
fall on a date that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date for the Portfolio; or 
(c) 
"Modified Postponement", the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day in relation to the Portfolio and on which another Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur, and if the first succeeding Scheduled 
Calculation Day has not occurred prior to the Averaging Disruption Longstop Date, then (A) the Averaging 
Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such day is already 
an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the level for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 5.1(b). 
6. 
EVENTS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO LINKED SECURITIES 
6.1 
Stop-Loss Event relating to a Portfolio 
If, on any Calculation Date during the period commencing on (but excluding) the Initial Observation Date and ending 
on (and including) the final Observation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Net Portfolio Level has 
decreased by 80 per cent. or more compared to the Initial Underlying Value (such event, a Stop-Loss Event), then the 
relevant Issuer may (but is under no obligation to) elect to treat such Stop-Loss Event as an Early Redemption Event 
in respect of the Securities, and by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities. The early redemption amount for each Security will be the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount, and it will be paid as notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, should the Issuer not elect to treat any Stop-Loss Event as an Early 
Redemption Event in respect of the Securities, the Securities will remain outstanding as if such Stop-Loss Event had 
not occurred. However, the Issuer may elect to redeem the Securities as described above should a subsequent Stop-
Loss Event occur. 
6.2 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow and/or Loss of Borrow in each case unless disapplied 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 575 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
575 
 
Change in Law means that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and (b) the Initial Observation 
Date of the Securities, (i) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or regulation (including 
without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines that it has become illegal for the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any Hedge Positions. 
Component Security means, in respect of an Underlying Index, each component security of the Underlying 
Index.  
Dividend Disruption means any of the following events, in respect of a gross cash dividend declared by the 
Company comprising the Portfolio to holders of record for a Share or by the issuer of a Component Security 
in a relevant Underlying Index to holders of record for such Component Security, as applicable (a Declared 
Dividend): 
(a) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such Company to the holders of record of the Share or by 
such issuer of the Component Security to the holders of record of the Component Security 
(notwithstanding that such payment is made to either any relevant taxing authority or holders of 
record) is not equal to the Declared Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch); 
(b) 
the Company or the issuer of the Component Security to the holders of record of the Component 
Security fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of that Declared Dividend by the third 
Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant due date (a Dividend Nonpayment); or 
(c) 
the Company notifies all holders of record of a Share or the issuer of the Component Security notifies 
all holders of record of the relevant Component Security that the Declared Dividend will no longer 
be paid (a Dividend Cancellation). 
Hedging Disruption means that the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
Hedge Positions; or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer, as the case may be, the 
proceeds of any Hedge Positions between accounts within the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the 
Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected 
Jurisdiction. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) or costs to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Positions or (b) freely realize, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any Hedge Positions (in each case, as compared with circumstances existing 
on the date(s) on which the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates had established such Hedge Positions). 
Increased Cost of Borrow means that the rate at which the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates is able to 
maintain a borrow of Hedge Positions would be materially increased (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the date(s) on which the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates had established such Hedge 
Positions). 
Loss of Borrow means that the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) Hedge Positions in an amount the relevant Issuer 
deems necessary. 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
Where "Additional Disruption Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and if an 
Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date with respect to one or more Portfolio 
Components (any such Portfolio Component, an Affected Portfolio Component), the relevant Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion may do one of the following:

--- Page 576 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
576 
 
(i) 
Elect to treat such event as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the Securities, and by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Replace the relevant Affected Portfolio Component by a Similar Portfolio Component, provided 
that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines 
appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the 
Securities (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but 
shall be under no obligation to remove the relevant Affected Portfolio Component and to reinvest 
the proceeds thereof into other Portfolio Components. 
(iii) 
Following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging or the Increased Cost of Borrow, deduct, 
the amount of any new or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee or any rate that triggered the 
occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging or the Increased Cost of Borrow incurred by the 
relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates, in relation to any Hedge Positions, apportioned pro rata 
amongst the outstanding Securities (the Reduction Amount):  
(A) 
from the Interest Amount(s) (if any) due under the Securities on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) following the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging provided however that 
if the Reduction Amount per Security on an Interest Payment Date exceeds the Interest 
Amount per Security (before deducting the Reduction Amount) on that date, the Interest 
Amount shall be zero and the excess Reduction Amount shall be carried forward and 
deducted from the Interest Amount(s) due on the next or subsequent Interest Payment 
Date(s) (if any), and so on until the Reduction Amount is fully deducted. If there is any 
remaining Reduction Amount after the last Interest Payment Date, it will be deducted from 
the Early Redemption Amount (if any) or the Final Redemption Amount, whichever comes 
first (the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
(B) 
in the absence of any Interest Amount in respect of the Securities, (a) from the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any) due on the Securities on the payment date of the Early 
Redemption Amount (if any), or (b) in the absence of any Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Securities, from the Final Redemption Amount due on the Securities on the 
Redemption Date (in each case the result of such deduction being floored at zero). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
6.3 
China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
In respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Service, upon the occurrence of a China Connect Share 
Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, the Calculation Agent may elect, while such China Connect 
Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, as applicable, is continuing, to redeem the Portfolio 
Linked Securities, upon at least two Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such redemption, in which 
event such Portfolio Linked Securities shall be redeemed at the applicable Early Redemption Amount.  
For the purpose of the above: 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the relevant Shares cease to be accepted as 
"China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect 
Service.

--- Page 577 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
577 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the 
Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or 
termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders 
in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that 
there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
6.4 
Holding Limit Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Holding Limit Event relating to one or more restricted Funds (any such Fund, an Affected 
Fund), the relevant Issuer may do one of the following: 
(a) 
Elect to treat such event as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the Securities, and by giving notice to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount of a Security. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Replace the relevant Affected Fund by a Similar Portfolio Component provided that when doing so, the 
Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Securities (subject to any taxes to be withhold 
or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to, remove the relevant 
Affected Fund and reinvest the proceeds thereof into other Portfolio Components. 
7. 
PORTFOLIO DISRUPTION EVENTS 
7.1 
Consequences of a Portfolio Disruption Event on calculating the Portfolio Level 
(a) 
If a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs on a Scheduled Calculation Date, then the Calculation Agent or the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall not calculate the Portfolio Level on such Disrupted Day and 
the next Calculation Date for all Portfolio Components shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Calculation 
Date that is not a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component as determined by the Calculation Agent or the 
Portfolio Calculation Agent, as applicable unless each consecutive Scheduled Calculation Date up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is also a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component, in which case 
the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
The Disruption Longstop Date and each Scheduled Calculation Date that is a Disrupted Day 
thereafter shall be deemed to be a Calculation Date (each, a Disrupted Calculation Date), 
notwithstanding the existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event on such date and only for the purpose 
of determining the Portfolio Level. 
(ii) 
On each Disrupted Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent or the Portfolio Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall calculate the Portfolio Level in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Portfolio Level as set out in these Conditions, but subject to the following: 
(A) 
If the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Basket Component Disruption Event in relation to 
one or more of the Basket Component(s) only (such Basket Component(s), the Affected 
Basket Component(s)): 
(I) 
the level or price of each Affected Basket Component shall be calculated using 
the level or price of such Affected Basket Component last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; and 
(II) 
the level of each of the Market Data as described in the definition of such Market 
Data on the relevant date(s) of determination shall be calculated as if no Portfolio 
Disruption Event existed.

--- Page 578 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
578 
 
(B) 
If the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Market Data Disruption Event in relation to one or 
more of the Market Data only (such Market Data, the Affected Market Data): 
(I) 
the level or price of each Basket Component as described in the definition of such 
Basket Component, on the relevant date(s) of determination shall be calculated as 
if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; and 
(II) 
the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using 
relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of determination. 
(C) 
If the Portfolio Disruption Event comprises both a Basket Component Disruption Event as 
well as a Market Data Disruption Event: 
(I) 
the level or price of each Affected Basket Component shall be calculated using 
the level or price of such Affected Basket Component last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; and 
(II) 
the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using 
relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of determination. 
(D) 
Any Portfolio Component that is neither an Affected Basket Component nor an Affected 
Market Data will be valued as of the Disrupted Calculation Date. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Portfolio Disruption Event is continuing on any day falling on or after 
the first Disrupted Calculation Date: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Affected Basket Component or Affected Market 
Data with another instrument (which shall then become a substitute Basket Component or Market 
Data) provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it 
determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer 
under the Securities (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer may elect to treat such event as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the 
Securities, and upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment 
of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, and payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
7.2 
Definitions 
(a) 
Portfolio Disruption Event 
Portfolio Disruption Event means a Basket Component Disruption Event or a Market Data Disruption 
Event, both as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Basket Component Disruption Event means an Equity Instrument Disruption Event, a Commodity 
Instrument Disruption Event, a Debt Instrument Disruption Event, a Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event 
or a Cash Disruption Event. 
(b) 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of any Basket Component that is an Equity 
Instrument and a Scheduled Trading Day: 
(a) 
if the Equity Instrument is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on shares or ETF shares, 
and the Basket Component Type is:

--- Page 579 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
579 
 
(i) 
"Share" or "ETF", the occurrence or existence of a Share Disruption Event; or 
(ii) 
"Index", the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption 
event by the Underlying Index Sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Share Disruption 
Event in respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index; or 
(b) 
if the Equity Instrument is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on Funds or any similar instrument 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Basket Component Type is: 
(i) 
"Fund", the occurrence or existence of a Fund Disruption Event, or 
(ii) 
"Index", the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption 
event by the Underlying Index Sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Fund Disruption 
Event in respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index. 
For the purpose of this definition: 
Share Disruption Event means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Service, the occurrence or existence of a 
Share Disruption (CC); and 
(b) 
otherwise, the occurrence or existence of Share Disruption (non-CC). 
Share Disruption (non-CC) means one of the following events: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange 
Disruption which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material or (c) an Early Closure. For the 
purpose of this definition: 
(a) 
Trading Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or 
Underlying Index on Shares and ETF Shares, any suspension of trading or limitation on trading 
imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise, whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: 
(i) 
relating to (A) such Shares or ETF Shares or (B) any securities or instruments underlying 
such Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s), or 
(ii) 
relating to futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to (A) 
such Shares, ETF Shares or Underlying Index or (B) any securities or instruments 
underlying such Underlying Index. 
(b) 
Exchange Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an 
Underlying Index on Shares and ETF Shares, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for: 
(i) 
(A) such Shares or ETF Shares or (B) any securities or instruments underlying such 
Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s); or 
(ii) 
futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to (A) such Shares, 
ETF Shares or Underlying Index or (B) any securities or instruments underlying such 
Underlying Index. 
(c) 
Early Closure means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an 
Underlying Index on Shares and ETF Shares, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(i) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (A) Shares or ETF Shares, or (B) any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index; or

--- Page 580 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
580 
 
(ii) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (A) such Shares, ETF 
Shares or Underlying Index or (B) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying 
Index, 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (1) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (2) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled 
Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Share Disruption (CC) means one of the following events: (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, (c) a China Connect Disruption, (d) an Early Closure or (e) a China Connect Early Closure, 
which, in the case of the events in (a), (b) or (c), the Calculation Agent determines is material at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time. For the purpose of this 
definition: 
(a) 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) relating to the Share on the Exchange or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(b) 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (i) the Share on the Exchange, or (ii) 
futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
(c) 
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the 
China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China 
Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect 
Service. 
(d) 
Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (i) the relevant Exchange, or 
(ii) any Related Exchange, in each case prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (1) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (2) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
(e) 
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China 
Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system 
for execution on the Exchange at the Scheduled Closing Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
Fund Disruption Event means the occurrence or the likely occurrence of (a) a Calculation and/or Publication 
Disruption, (b) a Fund Settlement Disruption, or (c) a NAV Determination Disruption Event. For the purpose 
hereof: 
(a) 
Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a 
Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on funds, the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a

--- Page 581 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
581 
 
Hypothetical Replicating Party (including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index 
to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or 
publication of the Net Asset Value by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
calculating such official Net Asset Value) or the net asset value of such fund underlying such 
Underlying Index. 
(b) 
Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an 
Underlying Index on funds, a failure by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to pay 
in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date by which the Fund or fund underlying 
such Underlying Index was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of 
such Fund or the net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index, including without 
limitation due to (i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund or fund underlying such 
Underlying Index to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for 
the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (ii) the restriction on the amount or 
number of redemptions orders that the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund 
Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a 
single date on which such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index normally accepts 
redemption orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption 
orders by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider 
generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (iv) the postponement of 
the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements 
of the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index have been reviewed by its statutory auditors 
(holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund or fund underlying such 
Underlying Index without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date or are already 
envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by the Fund or 
fund underlying such Underlying Index after such date. 
(c) 
NAV Determination Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund 
Unit or an Underlying Index on funds, the occurrence of any event, beyond the control of a 
Hypothetical Replicating Party that is not a Calculation and/or Publication Disruption or Fund 
Settlement Disruption affecting such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, making it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net 
Asset Value of such Fund or net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
(c) 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity 
Instrument, any event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent disrupts or impairs the determination of 
the level or price of such Commodity Instrument, and includes, without limitation: 
(a) 
if the Basket Component Type is a Single Commodity, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure; or 
(b) 
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in respect of one or more of the 
components in such Underlying Index. 
For the purpose of this definition: 
Failure to Publish means the failure by the relevant price source to make public the relevant price, or the 
temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price source.

--- Page 582 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
582 
 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an 
Underlying Index on commodities, any suspension of or limitation on trading, whether imposed by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange, or otherwise, and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange, or otherwise, (a) relating to such 
Single Commodity, Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on 
the Exchange, or (b) relating to futures or options contracts relating to such Single Commodity, Underlying 
Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an 
Underlying Index on commodities, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability 
of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values (a) for (i) such Commodity 
Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s); 
or (b) for futures or options contracts or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-
counter market relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index. 
Early Closure means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying 
Index on commodities, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index; or 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or 
(ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index, 
in each case prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (1) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (2) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
(d) 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means, with respect to a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, 
the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
if the Basket Component Type is Single Debt, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, 
Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or 
(b) 
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in respect of one or more of the 
components of such Underlying Index. 
For the purpose of this definition: 
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Debt 
Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying 
Index), including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt 
Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying 
Index). 
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, 
organized or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument 
underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index) is traded,

--- Page 583 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
583 
 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of 
market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations, or obtain market 
values for, (a) such (i) Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument 
in the case of an Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other 
derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Debt Instrument 
or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying a Debt Instrument that is an Underlying Index or; 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying a Debt Instrument that is an Underlying Index, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
(e) 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a Derivatives 
Instrument, the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
if the Basket Component Type is Single Derivatives, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or 
(b) 
if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in respect of one or more of the 
components in such Underlying Index. 
For the purpose of this definition: 
Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives 
Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an 
Underlying Index), including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the 
relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in 
the case of an Underlying Index). 
Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, 
organized or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or 
instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index) is traded. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of 
market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market 
values: (a) for (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives 
Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange; or (b) for futures or options 
contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) 
such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the 
case of an Underlying Index. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or 
instrument underlying a Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying Index or; 
(b) 
any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or 
(ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying Index,

--- Page 584 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
584 
 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
(f) 
Cash Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible or impracticable to (i) 
convert a relevant Portfolio Currency(k) into another Portfolio Currency(k) and/or the Specified Currency 
through customary legal channels (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect 
of hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory 
rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of one currency into another currency 
or a price source disruption) or (ii) to deliver a Portfolio Currency(k) from an account to another, in each case 
as may be required under these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions. 
(g) 
Market Data Disruption Event 
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to a Portfolio Component that is Market Data, the non-
publication of the level of any Market Data used by the Calculation Agent or the Portfolio Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, for the purposes of calculating the Portfolio Level. 
8. 
EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
8.1 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Portfolio Extraordinary Event 
(a) 
If a Portfolio Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of one or more Portfolio Component(s) (any such 
Portfolio Component, an Affected Portfolio Component) on a Scheduled Calculation Date (an 
Extraordinary Event Day), the relevant Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take, if applicable, 
either of the actions described in (I) or (II) below: 
(i) 
substitute the Affected Portfolio Component with another instrument (which shall then become a 
substitute Portfolio Component) provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any 
relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the relevant Issuer under the Securities (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); 
(ii) 
maintain the Affected Portfolio Component within the Portfolio, provided that when doing so, the 
Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Securities (subject to any 
taxes to be withhold or paid); or 
(iii) 
elect to treat such event as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the Securities, and by giving 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount of a Security taking into account the relevant Portfolio 
Extraordinary Event. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of a Portfolio Extraordinary Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence 
of the relevant Portfolio Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto, including, in the case of a substitution of an Affected Portfolio Component, the identity of 
the substitute Portfolio Component and the effective substitution date. Payment of any redemption amounts 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices). 
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
8.2 
Portfolio Extraordinary Events 
Portfolio Extraordinary Event means an Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Commodity Instrument 
Extraordinary Event, a Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Market

--- Page 585 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
585 
 
Data Extraordinary Event or an Underlying Index Extraordinary Event as defined herein, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
8.3 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Events 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, (a) 
if such Equity Instrument is a Share, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event, (b) if such Equity 
Instrument is an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event or an ETF Extraordinary 
Event, or (c) if such Equity Instrument is a Fund Unit, the occurrence or existence a Fund Extraordinary Event. For 
the purposes of this definition: 
(a) 
Share Extraordinary Event 
Share Extraordinary Event means one of the following events: (a) a Liquidation; (b) a Delisting; (c) a 
Nationalization; (d) a Merger Event; (e) a De-Merger Event or (f) a Participation Event. For this purpose: 
(a) 
Liquidation means that the relevant Company or ETF is subject to a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, nationalization, expropriation or is otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(b) 
Delisting means that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, 
the Share or ETF Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange 
for any reason (other than the events described under Share Disruption Event) and is not immediately 
re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the 
European Union). 
(c) 
Nationalization means that all the Shares or ETF Shares or all or substantially all of the assets of a 
Company or ETF are nationalized, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(d) 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share:  
(i) 
any reclassification or change of such Share (including the change of currency reference of 
the Share) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Share outstanding to another entity or person; 
(ii) 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger 
in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding); 
(iii) 
any take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or part of such 
Shares (other than any of such Shares owned or controlled by the offeror); 
(iv) 
any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing 
less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event; or 
(v) 
any take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by 
any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and

--- Page 586 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
586 
 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(e) 
De-Merger Event means, in respect of any Share, that the Company relevant to such Share is 
affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a 
similar nature. 
(f) 
Participation Event means that a Company (whose Shares form part of the Portfolio) takes a stake 
exceeding 20 per cent. of another Company whose Shares (which shall be the Affected Portfolio 
Component in respect of such Participation Event) also form part of the Portfolio. 
(b) 
ETF Extraordinary Event 
ETF Extraordinary Event means one of the following events: (a) ETF Strategy Breach, (b) ETF 
Termination, (c) ETF Currency Change, (d) ETF Regulatory Action, (e) ETF Reporting Event, (f) ETF 
Modification, (g) ETF Reclassification or (h) ETF Redemption or Subscription Event. For this purpose: 
(a) 
ETF Strategy Breach means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or otherwise, of the 
Strategy that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of 
any holders thereof. 
(b) 
ETF Termination means the cessation or unwinding, by the ETF Manager of the legal 
arrangements which gave rise to the ETF. 
(c) 
ETF Currency Change means that the net asset value of the ETF is quoted in a different currency 
to that quoted as of the Issue Date. 
(d) 
ETF Regulatory Action means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or 
approval of the ETF or the ETF Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority 
over the ETF or the ETF Shares, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments 
of the ETF, any ETF Manager or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF 
Shares or on the value of the ETF Shares, or (iii) the ETF, or its ETF Manager becoming subject to 
any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF, (including, 
without limitation, any future, announced or implemented material change to any one or more 
exemptive orders, no action letters or interpretative guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the SEC), including guidance issued by the SEC's staff, relating to the ETF or to 
exchange traded funds generally that affects holders of the ETF Shares, whether occurring through 
action of the SEC or otherwise, including as a result of a court order or executive order) that the 
Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the 
value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETF Shares, or the operation of the ETF in accordance with 
the terms of the ETF Documents or (iv) the issuance by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity 
with authority over the Fund of an order to suspend redemption obligations of the ETF, to freeze 
assets of the ETF or to take any other action that the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETF Shares. 
(e) 
ETF Reporting Event means the occurrence of any event affecting the ETF that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would make it impossible or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of the ETF, and such event continues for at least 
five consecutive Exchange Business Days. 
(f) 
ETF Modification means any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably 
be expected to affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof 
from those prevailing on the Issue Date.

--- Page 587 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
587 
 
(g) 
ETF Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the ETF Shares or (ii) the acquisition of the 
ETF by, or the aggregation of ETF into, another fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or 
benchmarks that the Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile 
and/or benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs). 
(h) 
ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of any ETF Shares, 
(ii) the introduction of a mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETF Shares, (iii) the 
non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption order in respect of the ETF Shares, or (iv) 
the introduction or proposed introduction of subscription or redemption fees with respect to the ETF 
Shares in excess of those in effect as of the Issue Date. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
ETF Documents means in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
ETF Manager means, in respect of an ETF, each of the investment advisor, investment manager and sub-
manager of such ETF, and any other key individual or entity involved with or having supervisory or 
management powers over such ETF. 
Strategy means, in relation to the ETF, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in the ETF Documents 
which contribute to the net asset value of the ETF Shares. 
(c) 
Fund Extraordinary Event 
Fund Extraordinary Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) Breach or Termination 
of Agreement, (b) Closure of the Fund, (c) Fund Adviser Event, (d) Fund Insolvency Event, (e) Fund 
Modification, (f) Fund Service Provider Event, (g) Holding Ratio, (h) Insolvency, (i) Liquidity Modification, 
(j) Merger Event, (k) Nationalization, (l) Regulatory Action, (m) Reporting Disruption or (n) Strategy Breach. 
For this purpose: 
(a) 
Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, 
as the case may be, to comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund 
Service Provider with the relevant Issuer and/or one of its Affiliates, defining the terms and 
conditions at which the relevant Issuer and/or one of its Affiliates may make subscriptions and/or 
redemptions in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions 
terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund Documents), including as the case may be the rebates of 
management fees to be paid to the relevant Issuer and/or one of its Affiliates, the termination of such 
agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of the relevant 
Issuer or its Affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the 
Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or 
challenges the validity of such agreement; 
(b) 
Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other 
than those mentioned in 8.3(c)(h) or 8.3(c)(d). 
(c) 
Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve 
months, the total value of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has 
decreased by 50 per cent (either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets). 
(d) 
Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (i) is dissolved 
or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or 
for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) (A) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy

--- Page 588 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
588 
 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (B) has instituted 
against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a 
person or entity not described in clause (A) above and either (I) results in a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (II) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within fifteen days 
of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured 
party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it 
which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events 
specified in clauses (i) through (v) above. 
(e) 
Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing 
on the Issue Date, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-end fund that becomes 
a closed-end fund), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Fund Service Provider Event means (i) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any 
Fund Service Provider, (ii) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (iii) 
any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, where 
"Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event 
described in 8.3(c)(d), except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or (iv) in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to 
carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management 
of the Fund has occurred. 
(g) 
Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate Net Asset Value under an amount that, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on 
the management conditions of the Fund and/or its operating expenses or would increase the 
proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Replicating Party, to such 
extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical 
Replicating Party or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired. 
(h) 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the 
Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official 
or (ii) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or 
redeeming them. 
(i) 
Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the 
Fund Documents as of the Issue Date or implements a modification of the conditions at which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to 
whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the 
Issue Date. 
(j) 
Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, 
or the split of the Fund, its consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance of all or 
substantially all its assets to, a third party;

--- Page 589 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
589 
 
(k) 
Nationalization means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(l) 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (i) cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (ii) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (iii) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider 
becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal 
or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to 
or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider. 
(m) 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered, (i) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered 
to a Hypothetical Replicating Party or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to a 
Hypothetical Replicating Party in accordance with such Fund, or its authorized representative's, 
normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund's compliance 
with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating 
to such Fund Units. 
(n) 
Strategy Breach means (i) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated 
in the related Fund Documents that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, or 
(ii) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the 
Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date by reason of, but not limited to, the 
modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the 
Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund. 
8.4 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity 
Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a Commodity Instrument Modification, (b) a Commodity Instrument Liquidity 
Modification or (c) a Commodity Instrument Cancellation. For this purpose: 
(a) 
Commodity Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Commodity Instrument 
documentation relating to such Commodity Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value 
of such Commodity Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which subscription 
or redemption of the Commodity Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the principle of such 
modification was already envisaged in the Commodity Instrument documentation. 
(c) 
Commodity Instrument Cancellation means the unavailability, cancellation or permanent discontinuance 
of the relevant Commodity Instrument. 
8.5 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the 
occurrence of (a) a Debt Instrument Modification, (b) a Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification, (c) a Debt Instrument 
Cancellation or (d) a Failure to Pay. For this purpose: 
(a) 
Debt Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Debt Instrument documentation 
relating to such Debt Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Debt 
Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 590 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
590 
 
(b) 
Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which subscription or 
redemption of the Debt Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the principle of such modification 
was already envisaged in the Debt Instrument documentation. 
(c) 
Debt Instrument Cancellation means the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the 
relevant Debt Instrument. 
(d) 
Failure to Pay means the failure of the issuer of the Debt Instrument to make, when and where due, any 
payment under the Debt Instrument documentation or under any other debt instrument issued by the issuer 
of the Debt Instrument at the time of such failure. 
8.6 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Derivatives Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a 
Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange, (b) a Change of Derivatives Instrument, (c) a Modification to Derivatives 
Instrument or (d) a Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument. For this purpose: 
(a) 
Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange means that the Derivatives Instrument is no longer negotiated 
on the Exchange and/or under a market-standard format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange 
and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Change of Derivatives Instrument means that the Derivatives Instrument is replaced by a successor 
derivatives product that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Modification to Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of the documentation governing the 
Derivatives Instrument announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating such Derivatives Instrument or in any other way materially modifies that Derivatives Instrument. 
(d) 
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of a Derivatives Instrument announces 
that it will permanently cancel such Derivatives Instrument. 
8.7 
Market Data Extraordinary Event 
Market Data Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Market Data, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Market 
Data Publisher, (b) a Change of Market Data, (c) a Modification to Market Data or (d) a Cancellation of Market Data. 
For this purpose: 
(a) 
Change of Market Data Publisher means that the Market Data is not calculated and/or announced by the 
publisher of such Market Data in the same conditions as those prevailing as of the Issue Date. 
(b) 
Change of Market Data means that the Market Data is replaced by a successor market data or index that is 
not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Modification to Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Market Data or in any other way 
materially modifies that Market Data (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Market Data). 
(d) 
Cancellation of Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it will permanently 
cancel such Market Data. 
8.8 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means, in respect of an Underlying Index, the occurrence of (a) a Change 
of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent; (b) a Change of Underlying Index, (c) a 
Modification to Underlying Index, (d) a Cancellation of Underlying Index, (e) Correction of Index or (f) Other 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event. For this purpose:

--- Page 591 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
591 
 
(a) 
Change of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent means that an Underlying 
Index is not calculated and/or announced by the sponsor of the Underlying Index, or as the case may be, the 
calculation agent of the Underlying Index, but is calculated and/or announced by a successor underlying 
index sponsor, or as the case may be, a successor underlying index calculation agent that is not acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Change of Underlying Index means that the Underlying Index is (i) replaced by a successor index or (ii) 
merges with another index to constitute a merged index. 
(c) 
Modification to Underlying Index means that an Underlying Index Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Underlying Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Underlying Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalization and other 
routine events). 
(d) 
Cancellation of Underlying Index means that an Underlying Index Sponsor announces that it will 
permanently cancel such Underlying Index. 
(e) 
Correction of Index means that the level of an Underlying Index as published by an Exchange or the relevant 
Underlying Index Sponsor and as used for any determination or calculation under these Portfolio Linked 
Asset Conditions is subsequently corrected by such Exchange or Underlying Index Sponsor, as the case may 
be. 
(f) 
Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means any other event having, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Index. 
9. 
ADJUSTMENT RELATING TO PORTFOLIO COMPONENTS 
9.1 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means an Equity Potential Adjustment Event or an Other Potential Adjustment Event 
as defined herein. 
Equity Potential Adjustment Event means a Share Potential Adjustment Event or an ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment 
Event. 
Share Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share (unless resulting in a Merger Event), including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Share of (i) such Shares, (ii) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company 
equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares, (iii) share capital, other securities 
of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether 
the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common 
stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement

--- Page 592 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
592 
 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares. 
ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Fund Unit or EFT 
Share, any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units or ETF Shares, or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such Fund Units or ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares of (i) an 
additional quantity of such Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund or ETF equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (iii) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund or ETF as a result of a spin-off or other 
similar transaction, or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a repurchase by the Fund or ETF of relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units or ETF Shares 
initiated by an investor in such Fund or ETF that is consistent with the Fund Documents or the ETF 
Documents; or 
(e) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, may have a diluting or concentrative effect on 
the theoretical value of the Fund or ETF or quantity of Fund Units or ETF Shares. 
Other Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument, a Derivatives 
Instrument or a Market Data, any event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of such Commodity Instrument, Debt Instrument, Derivatives Instrument or Market 
Data and which is not anticipated in terms of the relevant instrument as at the Issue Date of the Securities or the 
occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur. 
9.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Portfolio Component and, if so, will (A) calculate the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to the relevant Portfolio Component used to determine any 
settlement or payment terms under the Securities and/or adjust any other terms of the Securities as it determines 
appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Securities (subject 
to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained below) and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
In its determination of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Portfolio Components of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, 
the Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Hypothetical Investor in connection with 
such Potential Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange 
(if any) to options on the Portfolio Component (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if any).

--- Page 593 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 10: Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31 
593 
 
9.3 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
10. 
OTHER EVENTS 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Portfolio Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event occurs which 
the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 3.4, the relevant 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
giving details of such determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply.

--- Page 594 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
594 
 
Chapter 11: Asset Conditions: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional Terms and Conditions for Securities that are Multi-Asset Basket Linked Securities. 
The following terms and conditions (the Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Securities or Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption 
Securities is applicable. These Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions to a Multi-Asset Basket Linked 
Asset Condition are to a section or clause of these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions.  
1. 
MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED SECURITIES 
Unless the Securities are redeemed early in accordance with these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions, if 
the determination of (A) the Interest Amount (in the case of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Interest Securities), or (B) 
(I) the Final Redemption Amount, (II) the Early Redemption Amount, or (III) the Instalment Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Redemption Securities), as the case may be, is postponed as a result of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
payment of any such amount (the Affected Amount) will be made on the scheduled date for payment of 
such amount or, if later, on the date falling two (2) Payment Extension Days (or such other number of 
Payment Extension Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) following the earlier to occur of (i) 
the Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date; and (ii) the Disruption Longstop Date; and 
(b) 
such Affected Amount shall be paid without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of the Affected Amount. 
2. 
GENERAL DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED SECURITIES 
Commodity Business Day has the meaning set out in Commodity Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions 
relating to Commodity Linked Securities). 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity, a Disrupted Day (as such term is 
defined in Commodity Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Commodity Linked 
Securities)) occurs; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Disrupted Day (as such term is defined 
in Index Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Index Linked Securities)); 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate, a day on which a Market Disruption 
Event (as such term is defined in FX Linked Asset Condition 3.1 (Market Disruption Events)) occurs; 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF, a Disrupted Day (as such term is defined 
in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to ETF Linked Securities)); 
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Disrupted Day (as such term is defined 
in Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities));  
(f) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest, a Disrupted Day (as such term is 
defined in Fund Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to Fund Linked Securities));  
(g) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future, a Disrupted Day (as such term is defined 
in Future Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Future Linked Securities));

--- Page 595 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
595 
 
(h) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Portfolio, a Disrupted Day (as such term is 
defined in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Portfolio Linked 
Securities)). 
Disruption Longstop Date means, in respect of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the last: 
(a) 
Commodity Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Commodity Business Days (in the case of a 
Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity); 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-
Asset Basket Component which is an Index); or 
(c) 
FX Business Day in the sequence of consecutive FX Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component which is an FX Rate); 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-
Asset Basket Component which is an ETF); 
(e) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-
Asset Basket Component which is a Share);  
(f) 
Fund Business Day in the sequence of consecutive Fund Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset 
Basket Component which is a Fund Interest); 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-
Asset Basket Component which is a Future); or 
(h) 
Scheduled Calculation Date in the sequence of consecutive Scheduled Calculation Date (in the case of a 
Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Portfolio), 
equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption in respect of such Multi-Asset Basket Component immediately following 
the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6.8 (Redemption 
Amounts). 
Fund Business Day has the meaning set out in Fund Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions Relating to 
Fund Linked Securities). 
FX Business Day has the meaning set out in FX Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to Fx 
Linked Securities). 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in:  
(a) 
Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.1 (Market Disruption Events), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket 
Component which is a Commodity; 
(b) 
Index Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which 
is an Index; 
(c) 
FX Linked Asset Condition 3.1 (Market Disruption Events), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component 
which is an FX Rate; 
(d) 
ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is 
an ETF; 
(e) 
Share Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component, which 
is a Share;

--- Page 596 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
596 
 
(f) 
Future Linked Asset Condition 3.1(a) (Definitions), in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component, which 
is a Future; or 
(g) 
the definition of "Portfolio Disruption Event" in Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 7.2(a) (Definitions), in 
respect of a Multi-Asset Basked Component, which is a Portfolio. 
Maximum Days of Disruption means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, where no 
such number is specified, eight (8): 
(a) 
Commodity Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity); 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index); 
(c) 
FX Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate); 
(d) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF); 
(e) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share);  
(f) 
Fund Business Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest); 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Days (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future); or 
(h) 
Scheduled Calculation Dates (in the case of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Portfolio), 
as the case may be. 
Multi-Asset Basket means a basket comprising two or more Multi-Asset Basket Component Types. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component means, in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket, each Commodity, Index, Inflation 
Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest, Future or Portfolio, which is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, comprising such Multi-Asset Basket. 
Multi-Asset Basket Component Type means a Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, 
ETF, Share, Fund Interest, Future or Portfolio. 
Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date has the meaning set out in Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 
3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days). 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Assets Basis) or (b) Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If neither Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) nor Multi-Asset Basket 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Multi-Asset Basket 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) shall be deemed to apply. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (All Assets Basis) means a day which is a Multi-Asset Basket 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) in respect of all Multi-Asset Basket Component Types. 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day (Per Asset Basis) means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity, a Commodity Business Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, a Scheduled Trading Day; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate, an FX Business Day; 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF, a Scheduled Trading Day;  
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day;

--- Page 597 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
597 
 
(f) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest, a Fund Business Day; 
(g) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future, a Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(h) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Portfolio, a Scheduled Calculation Date. 
Non-Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Commodity, a Commodity Business Day which 
is not a Disrupted Day; 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an Index, an Index Scheduled Trading Day which 
is not a Disrupted Day; 
(c) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an FX Rate, an FX Business Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day; 
(d) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is an ETF, an ETF Scheduled Trading Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day; 
(e) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day; 
(f) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Fund Interest, a Fund Business Day which is not 
a Disrupted Day; 
(g) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Future, a Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day; or 
(h) 
in respect of a Multi-Asset Basket Component which is a Portfolio, a Scheduled Calculation Date which 
is not a Disrupted Day. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise deemed to be an 
Observation Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, or if any such date is not a Multi-Asset Basket 
Scheduled Trading Day and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the immediately following 
Multi-Asset Basket Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of one or more Multi-Asset Basket Components, then 
the provisions of Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted 
Days) below shall apply. 
Scheduled Observation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have 
been an Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning set out in the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Trade Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
3. 
EVENTS RELATING TO MULTI-ASSET BASKET LINKED SECURITIES 
3.1 
Multi-Asset Basket Component Specific Provisions 
In respect of each Multi-Asset Basket Component which is: 
(a) 
a Commodity, the provisions of Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of the occurrence 
of Disrupted Days) and Commodity Linked Asset Condition 3.3 (Averaging Date Disruption) shall apply 
to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(b) 
an Index, the provisions of Index Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Index Adjustments) and Index Linked Asset 
Condition 3.3 (Correction of the level of the Index) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component;

--- Page 598 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
598 
 
(c) 
an FX Rate, the provisions of FX Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Consequences of Market Disruption Events 
and Unscheduled Holidays), FX Linked Asset Condition 6 (Currency-Specific Events relating to FX 
Linked Securities), FX Linked Asset Condition 7 (Corrections to Published and Displayed Rates) and FX 
Linked Asset Condition 8 (Successor Currency) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(d) 
a Benchmark Rate, the provisions of Rate Linked Asset Condition 1 (Rate Linked Securities) shall apply 
to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(e) 
an Inflation Index, the provisions of Inflation Linked Asset Conditions 2.1 (Delay of Publication) to 2.5 
(Manifest Error in Publication) inclusive shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(f) 
an ETF, the provisions of ETF Linked Asset Condition 3.2(c) (Potential Adjustment Events) to 3.4 
(Correction of the ETF Closing Price) inclusive shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(g) 
a Share, the provisions of Share Linked Asset Condition 3.2 (Adjustment and Redemption Events) shall 
apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component;  
(h) 
a Fund Interest, the provisions of Fund Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events Relating to Fund Linked 
Securities) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; 
(i) 
a Future, the provisions of Future Linked Asset Condition 3 (Events relating to Future Linked Securities) 
shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component; and 
(j) 
a Portfolio, the provisions of Portfolio Linked Asset Condition 6 (Events relating to Portfolio Linked 
Securities) shall apply to such Multi-Asset Basket Component.  
3.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of Disrupted Days 
If an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of one or more Multi-Asset Basket Components, then: 
(a) 
for each Multi-Asset Basket Component not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Observation Date shall be the Scheduled Observation Date; and 
(b) 
for each Multi-Asset Basket Component affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an Affected 
Component): 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may postpone the Observation Date, in which case the Observation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Non-Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Component (the Multi-
Asset Basket Determination Date), unless each consecutive Non-Disrupted Day up to and 
including the Disruption Longstop Date is a Disrupted Day relating to such Affected Component, 
in which case (A) the Disruption Longstop Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date and 
the Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date for such Affected Component, notwithstanding the 
fact that such day is a Disrupted Day relating to the relevant Affected Component and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the value, level or price of the relevant Affected 
Component for such day in case of multiple Affected Components, the latest Multi-Asset Basket 
Determination Date will be the Multi-Asset Basket Determination Date for the purpose of Multi-
Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 1(a) above; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent may determine the value, level or price (or a method for determining such 
value, level or price) of the relevant Affected Component for such day, taking into consideration 
the latest available quotation and any other information that in good faith it deems relevant; 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine the value, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component for such day in accordance with Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset 
Conditions 3.2(b)(i) or 3.2(b)(ii) above, as the case may be, or if such determination would not, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, account for such Market Disruption Event:

--- Page 599 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
599 
 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it 
considers appropriate to account for any such Market Disruption Event and determine 
the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective. In making any such 
adjustments, the Calculation Agent may take into account the equivalent adjustment(s) 
which would be made to a derivative transaction in the interbank market referencing the 
Multi-Asset Basket Components following the relevant event occurring and where the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), adjust the 
Conditions to give effect to such adjustment(s); or 
(B) 
if the Calculation Agent is not able to or does not determine any adjustments for the 
purposes of sub-paragraph (A) above, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices); and 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been, an Observation Date; such notice shall give the 
details of such Market Disruption Event and the action proposed to be taken by the Calculation Agent in 
relation thereto. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
3.3 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Dividend Disruption 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Trade Date, (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the relevant Issuer determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that (i) it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to a Multi-
Asset Basket Component or the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates is unable to maintain the agreements entered into in respect of such hedge positions or (ii) the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Securities (or any relevant hedge positions relating 
to an Multi-Asset Basket Component) (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 600 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
600 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates, in issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) and/or any of their respective 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Dividend Disruption means, unless Dividend Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, any of the following events in respect of a gross cash dividend declared by the Share 
Company or Basket Company to holders of record for a Share or by the issuer of a Component Security 
in a relevant Index to holders of record for such Component Security, as applicable, (a Declared 
Dividend): 
(a) 
the gross amount deemed to be paid by such Share Company or Basket Company to the holders 
of record of the Share or by such issuer of the Component Security to the holders of record of the 
Component Security (notwithstanding that such payment is made to either any relevant taxing 
authority or holders of record) is not equal to the Declared Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch); 
(b) 
the Share Company or Basket Company or the issuer of the Component Security to the holders 
of record of the Component Security fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of that 
Declared Dividend by the third Scheduled Trading Day following the relevant due date (a 
Dividend Nonpayment); or 
(c) 
the Share Company or Basket Company notifies all holders of record of a Share or the issuer of 
the Component Security notifies all holders of record of the relevant Component Security that 
the Declared Dividend will no longer be paid (a Dividend Cancellation). 
(b) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs on or after the Trade Date, the relevant Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account for such Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(ii) 
upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices). 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto. 
3.4 
Other Events 
This Condition will apply to the Securities unless specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of these Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions, if any other event 
occurs which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith, has a material effect on the Securities, then:

--- Page 601 ---
Annex 1 – Asset Conditions 
Chapter 11: Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
601 
 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to any of the Conditions as it considers appropriate to 
account for any such event and determine the date(s) on which any such adjustments will be effective; or 
(b) 
the relevant Issuer may, upon giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
Upon the Calculation Agent making a determination pursuant to this Multi-Asset Basket Linked Asset Condition 
3.4, the relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) giving details of such determination.

--- Page 602 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
602 
 
ANNEX 2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Credit Linked Securities. It is only applicable to 
Securities that are specified to be Credit Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Credit Linked Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms 
indicate that the Credit Linked Conditions are applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
These Credit Linked Conditions shall not apply to any Italian Notes. 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
Credit Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked Securities, being Single Reference Entity CLSs, Nth-to-Default CLSs, or Linear 
Basket CLSs; 
(b) 
whether the Credit Linked Securities are Fixed Recovery CLSs, Leveraged CLSs, Fully Principal 
Protected CLSs, Partially Principal Protected CLSs or Reference Obligations Only CLSs; 
(c) 
the Settlement Method and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback Settlement Method; 
(d) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities; 
(e) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(f) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(g) 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in respect of each Reference Entity. 
1.2 
Additional Provisions 
If any Additional Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the applicable Final Terms 
will include such additional provisions as may be necessary or desirable to give effect to such provisions. 
1.3 
In the case of a single Credit Linked Security or in the case of a basket of Credit Linked Securities where a single 
Reference Entity or Reference Obligation represents 20% or more of the pool, the Reference Entity (or the issuer 
of the Reference Obligation) must have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent 
third country market or SME growth market. 
2. 
REDEMPTION 
2.1 
Redemption absent satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement 
The relevant Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Security on the related Redemption Date (as such date may be 
extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption 
Amount (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full (including 
pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 2.7 (Early redemption for Leveraged CLSs), 2.8 (Redemption 
following a Merger Event) or 2.10 (Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event); or

--- Page 603 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
603 
 
(b) 
the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied, in which event the relevant Issuer shall redeem the Credit 
Linked Securities in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement). 
2.2 
Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2.3 (Nth-to-Default CLSs), 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs), 2.5 (Principal Protected 
CLSs) and 2.9 (Suspension of Obligations), upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in relation to any 
Reference Entity, each Credit Linked Security will be subject to redemption as follows. 
(a) 
If the applicable Settlement Method is "Auction Settlement", each Credit Linked Security will be subject 
to redemption by payment of, subject to a minimum of zero, (i) such Credit Linked Security's pro rata 
share of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate 
amount paid up) of the Credit Linked Securities (in the case of Credit Linked Securities represented by a 
Global Security) or the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor (in the case 
of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form), as the case may be, minus (ii) such Credit Linked Security's 
pro rata share of the Auction Settlement Amount minus (iii) such Credit Linked Security's pro rata share 
of the Hedge Amount (if applicable) on the Auction Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event 
occurs, in which event the relevant Issuer shall perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations 
in accordance with the applicable Fallback Settlement Method. If the Conditions to Settlement with respect 
to a new Credit Event are satisfied following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event with respect 
to an earlier Credit Event and no Fallback Settlement Event occurs with respect to such new Credit Event, 
the relevant Issuer shall, if it so elects on or prior to a related Valuation Date or Delivery Date, redeem the 
Credit Linked Securities in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.2(a) by Auction Settlement. 
(b) 
If the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical Settlement", each Credit Linked Security will be subject 
to redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement). 
(c) 
If the applicable Settlement Method is "Cash Settlement", subject to Credit Linked Condition 2.6 (Fixed 
Recovery CLSs), each Credit Linked Security will be subject to redemption by payment of , subject to a 
minimum of zero, (i) such Credit Linked Security's pro rata share of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of the Credit Linked Securities 
(in the case of Credit Linked Securities represented by a Global Security) or the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor (in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form), 
as the case may be, minus (ii) such Credit Linked Security's pro rata share of the Cash Settlement Amount 
minus (iii) such Credit Linked Security's pro rata share of the Hedge Amount (if applicable) on the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
2.3 
Nth-to-Default CLSs 
Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default CLSs, the Conditions to Settlement shall not be satisfied with respect to 
the Securities until the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with respect to the Nth Reference Entity. Where the 
Securities are Nth-to-Default CLSs and the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied with respect to more than one 
Reference Entity on the same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the order in which 
such Conditions to Settlement were satisfied. 
2.4 
Linear Basket CLSs 
(a) 
If the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket CLSs, then the provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions relating to redemption of Credit Linked Securities following satisfaction of Conditions to 
Settlement, extension of maturity of Credit Linked Securities on delivery of an Extension Notice, cessation 
or suspension of accrual of interest or accrual and payment of interest following the Scheduled Redemption 
Date shall apply to each Credit Linked Security with respect to each Reference Entity separately and to 
the pro rata share of the relevant Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount for each Reference Entity 
separately and accordingly without limitation, on any redemption of the Credit Linked Securities following 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement, each Credit Linked Security shall be redeemed in part (such 
redeemed part being equal to such Credit Linked Security’s pro rata share of such Floating Rate Payer

--- Page 604 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
604 
 
Calculation Amount or the relevant Exercise Amount thereof, as applicable). The remaining provisions of 
these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 2.4(a), where the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket 
CLSs that are also Leveraged CLSs, upon the occurrence of the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement 
with respect to any Reference Entity, the nominal amount of each Credit Linked Security will be reduced 
by an amount (the Affected Amount) equal to the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise 
Amount, as applicable, of such Reference Entity with effect from the Interest Payment Date falling 
immediately before the Event Determination Date. An amount (such amount, the Recovery) equal to the 
product of (i) the Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, and (ii) the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount will be reserved and the Hedge Amount will be determined in respect of the Affected 
Amount. The aggregate of all Recoveries minus all Hedge Amounts, which aggregate may be a negative 
amount, will be added to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, 
the aggregate amount paid up) for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
If there is only a partial redemption of a Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2.4(a) or (b) above, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions will continue to apply in 
respect of any remaining Reference Entities and the remaining provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
2.5 
Principal Protected CLSs 
(a) 
If "Fully Principal Protected CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the satisfaction of 
the Conditions to Settlement in respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Securities, 
Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) will not apply 
and instead Credit Linked Condition 2.1(a) (Redemption absent satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) 
will apply as though no Conditions to Settlement had been satisfied in respect of any Reference Entity 
referenced by the Credit Linked Securities. 
(b) 
If "Partially Principal Protected CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then upon the satisfaction 
of the Conditions to Settlement in respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Securities, 
each Credit Linked Security will be redeemed in full in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2 
(Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement). In the case of Partially Principal Protected 
CLSs, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount will be different from the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of the Credit Linked 
Securities. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than as set out in (a) and (b) above, the rest of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall apply to Credit Linked Securities where either “Fully Principal Protected CLS” or 
“Partially Principal Protected CLS” apply including, without limitation, Credit Linked Conditions 2.9, 
2.10 and 3.1. 
2.6 
Fixed Recovery CLSs 
Where "Cash Settlement" is the applicable Settlement Method, the Credit Linked Securities may be specified to be 
"Fixed Recovery CLS". The Cash Settlement Amount of a Fixed Recovery CLS shall be determined using the Final 
Price, as further set out in the definitions of Cash Settlement Amount and Final Price in these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
2.7 
Early redemption for Leveraged CLSs 
If "Leveraged CLS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Securities, such 
Credit Linked Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving 
not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and, in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if on any day:

--- Page 605 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
605 
 
(a) 
"Fair Market Value Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount expressed as a percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of a Credit Linked 
Security of the relevant Series would be, assuming that such Series of Credit Linked Securities would be 
redeemed in full on such day at the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, less than or equal 
to the "Fair Market Value Trigger" specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
"Reference Entity Spread Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Reference Entity Spread (in the case of a Single Reference Entity CLS) or the weighted average Reference 
Entity Spread in respect of all the relevant Reference Entities (in the case of an Nth-to-Default CLS or a 
Linear Basket CLS) exceeds the Reference Entity Spread Trigger specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and/or 
(c) 
"Reference Entity Trigger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
References Entities in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred exceeds the Reference Entity Trigger 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in is sole and absolute discretion. The relevant event need not 
be continuing at the time any notice is delivered under this Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Credit Linked Securities redeemed pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2.7 will be redeemed at their Fair 
Market Value Redemption Amount. 
2.8 
Redemption following a Merger Event or Substitution Event 
In the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
a Merger Event has occurred (unless this Credit Linked Condition 2.8 is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), or 
(b) 
only in the case of a Reference Obligations Only CLS, sub-paragraph (a) in the definition of Substitution 
Event has occurred, 
the relevant Issuer may give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) and 
redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount 
(determined in accordance with General Condition) 14 (Notices)) on the Merger Event Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Redemption Date respectively. 
2.9 
Suspension of Obligations 
If a Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs or if a notice is delivered to ISDA as contemplated in the definition 
of "Credit Event Resolution Request Date" in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the relevant Issuer 
otherwise elects by notice to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders) from such Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date or, as applicable, the date that delivery of such notice is effective (and notwithstanding that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has yet to determine whether Publicly Available 
Information is available or that a Credit Event has occurred), any obligation of the relevant Issuer to redeem any 
Credit Linked Security (including pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement)) or pay any amount of interest or (following delivery of an Extension Notice with respect 
to any amount due on the Scheduled Redemption Date) principal which would otherwise be due thereon shall, 
insofar as it relates to the relevant Reference Entity, be and remain suspended until such time as ISDA subsequently 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved with respect to 
such Reference Entity: 
(a) 
the matters described in the definition of "DC Credit Event Question" in Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Definitions); or 
(b) 
not to determine such matters.

--- Page 606 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
606 
 
During such suspension period, the relevant Issuer shall not be obliged to, nor be entitled to, take any action in 
connection with the settlement of any Credit Linked Securities, in each case insofar as they relate to the relevant 
Reference Entity. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved the matters set out in paragraphs (a) or (b) above, such suspension shall terminate and any 
obligations so suspended shall resume on the basis of such resolution on the CLS Business Day following such 
public announcement by ISDA, with the relevant Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the 
suspension began. Any amount of interest so suspended shall, subject always to Credit Linked Condition 3.1 
(Cessation of Interest Accrual), become due on the date determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion 
but not later than fifteen Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. Any amount of principal 
so suspended shall also, subject always to Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement), become due on the date determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion but 
not later than fifteen Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. 
Where payment of interest or principal is suspended in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2.9, no interest 
shall accrue on such interest or principal. 
2.10 
Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may 
redeem the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). If the 
Securities are so redeemed, the relevant Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security 
as shall be determined to be the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices)). Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
In determining the fair market value of the Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent shall take into 
consideration all information which it deems relevant (including, without limitation, market conditions). 
This Credit Linked Condition 2.10 shall not apply if the Final Terms specify that none of the "Additional Disruption 
Events" shall apply. 
2.11 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Credit Linked Securities are partially redeemed (or the aggregate nominal amount of the Credit Linked 
Securities is otherwise reduced in accordance with the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions) and the 
relevant Credit Linked Securities or, if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, such 
Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption (or, as applicable, such reduction of the 
aggregate nominal amount). Accordingly, upon such partial redemption (or, as applicable, such reduction of the 
aggregate nominal amount), the outstanding nominal amount of each Security shall be reduced for all purposes 
(including accrual of interest thereon) accordingly as determined by the Calculation Agent but where the relevant 
redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to 
Settlement), the amount of interest due shall be determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Interest) 
and, where applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 3.4 (Guaranteed interest). In the case of Partly Paid 
Securities, the outstanding nominal amount of each Security shall be the aggregate amount paid up.  
Redemption of any Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2 (Redemption), together 
with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion of the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer in relation thereto. 
Any amount payable under Credit Linked Condition 2 (Redemption) shall be rounded downwards to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
2.12 
Maturity Extension 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver to the Issuer an Extension Notice in the circumstances as set out in the 
definition of Extension Notice.

--- Page 607 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
607 
 
(b) 
If an Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the date set out in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Redemption Date, the Issuer will give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) and redeem all but not some of the Credit Linked Securities at the Final 
Redemption Amount.  
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
(a) 
Upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement in respect of any Credit Linked Securities, interest 
on such Credit Linked Securities (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLSs, the relevant portion thereof 
determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs)) shall cease to accrue 
with effect from and including either: 
(i) 
the Interest Period Date immediately preceding the related Event Determination Date (or, in the 
case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) (CIA Type 1); 
(ii) 
the related Event Determination Date (in which case such Event Determination Date shall be 
deemed to be an Observation Date for the purposes of determining the interest accrued to (but 
excluding) such Event Determination Date)) (CIA Type 2); or 
(iii) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date (CIA Type 3), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, CIA Type 1 
shall apply. 
(b) 
If (i) Credit Linked Condition 2.8 is applicable to the Credit Linked Securities and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Merger Event has occurred or (ii) the relevant Issuer elects to redeem the Securities 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2.10 following a determination by the Calculation Agent that an 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in each case in respect of any Credit Linked Securities, interest 
on such Credit Linked Securities shall cease to accrue with effect from and including, the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding such determination.  
3.2 
Interest following Scheduled Redemption 
Notwithstanding Credit Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual), no interest shall accrue in respect of 
the Credit Linked Securities in respect of any period commencing on or after the Scheduled Redemption Date.  
3.3 
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Credit Linked Securities are redeemed pursuant to the General Conditions or these Credit Linked Conditions, 
the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Redemption Date (if not the Scheduled Redemption Date), the Auction 
Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the last Delivery Date, as the case may be, shall be an Interest Payment 
Date in respect of each Credit Linked Security (or, in the case of Linear Basket CLSs, the relevant portion thereof 
determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs)) and the relevant Issuer shall pay 
any interest that has accrued in respect of each Credit Linked Security (or, as applicable, the relevant portion thereof 
determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs)) on such Interest Payment Date, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual) above. 
3.4 
Guaranteed interest 
Where CIA Type 3 is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the last Interest Accrual Period will end on, 
but exclude, the Scheduled Redemption Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Credit Event, any subsequent 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement and any redemption of the Securities in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2.2 (Redemption following satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) or Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement). Notwithstanding General Condition 4 (Interest), interest will be calculated by reference to 
the Calculation Amount (whether or not the Securities are then represented by a Global Security) applicable to each

--- Page 608 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
608 
 
Security for each relevant Interest Accrual Period regardless of the nominal amount then outstanding of such 
Security. 
4. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Security, then, upon the satisfaction of the related Conditions 
to Settlement, the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or prior to the related 
Physical Settlement Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Potential 
Cash Settlement Event), Credit Linked Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) and Credit Linked 
Condition 4.6 (Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such Credit Linked Security or, in the case of Linear Basket CLSs, 
the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.4 (Linear Basket CLSs), in 
each case, by: 
(a) 
delivering a pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related Notice of Physical 
Settlement (the Physical Settlement Amount); 
(b) 
paying such Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount; 
and 
(c) 
if the Hedge Amount is expressed as a negative number, paying such Security's pro rata portion of the 
absolute value of such Hedge Amount. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Potential Cash Settlement Event 
If, due to a Potential Cash Settlement Event, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, impossible, impracticable 
including, without limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or incorrect account or transfer 
information or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver, or for the relevant Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to 
accept Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement on the related 
Physical Settlement Date (such Deliverable Obligations, the Undeliverable Obligations), then on such date the 
relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement for 
which it is possible, practicable and legal to take Delivery. If any Undeliverable Obligations have not been delivered 
on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect 
to such Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant 
Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.  
The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders upon determination of the Partial Cash Settlement Amount. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement other 
than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated in Credit Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement 
Due to Potential Cash Settlement Event) (including following the occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event), such 
failure shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of the Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue 
to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable Obligations that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical Settlement 
Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have not been Delivered, 
then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply as if such Deliverable Obligations that have not been Delivered are deemed 
to be Undeliverable Obligations and the relevant Issuer shall pay to the Securityholders an amount equal to the 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Securityholders on the Partial Cash 
Settlement Date.

--- Page 609 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
609 
 
4.4 
Aggregation and Rounding 
Where a Securityholder holds Credit Linked Securities in an aggregate nominal amount greater than the Specified 
Denomination, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect of the 
Credit Linked Securities shall be aggregated for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 4. If the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect of each Credit Linked Security to be redeemed 
pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4.4 on any occasion is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral 
multiple thereof) of such Deliverable Obligations then the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable Obligations to be 
Delivered will be rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero. In 
such circumstances, the Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the extent 
practicable, be sold by the relevant Issuer or such other agent as may be appointed by the relevant Issuer for such 
purpose and, if they are so sold, the relevant Issuer shall make payment in respect of each Credit Linked Security 
in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds as soon as reasonably practicable following 
receipt thereof which date shall not in any event fall earlier than the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.5 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 
shall be made in such commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, determine 
to be appropriate for such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver": 
(a) 
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection with an assignment (where Deliverable 
Obligations include Assignable Loans or Consent Required Loans) shall be payable by the relevant 
Securityholders, and if any stamp tax is payable in connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable 
Obligations, payment thereof shall be made by the relevant Securityholders; and 
(b) 
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be for 
the account of the Securityholders, determined in accordance with then current market conventions. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery 
or transfer payable by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
To the extent any fees and/or expenses arise in connection with attempted Delivery of a Deliverable Obligation 
which is or is deemed to be an Undeliverable Obligation, the relevant Partial Cash Settlement Amount in respect 
thereof may be reduced to account for such fees and/or expenses. 
4.6 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this Credit Linked 
Condition 4 upon the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement unless it has complied with Credit Linked 
Condition 4.7 (Physical Settlement Procedures). For so long as the Credit Linked Securities are held in any clearing 
system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the information 
required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Bearer Securities 
are represented by a Global Security, surrender of Credit Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected by 
presentation of the Global Security and its endorsement to note the nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities to 
which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.7 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
Subject to (f) below in respect of Credit Linked Securities that are CMU Securities, if any Credit Linked 
Security falls to be redeemed and Physical Settlement is specified to be the Settlement Method or the 
Fallback Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, any delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount shall be in accordance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions set out in this Credit 
Linked Condition 4.7.

--- Page 610 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
610 
 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall (or shall 
procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar relationship in respect 
of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (II) such lesser number of 
Business Days determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in 
respect of the relevant Series of Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a notice to 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy 
to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and the relevant Issuer, via the 
EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression shall, for the 
purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 4.7, include Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all 
unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5 
(Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred to herein 
as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person from whom 
the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of Credit Linked Securities which are the subject of such notice and 
the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Credit Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such Credit Linked 
Securities on the date on which such Credit Linked Securities are redeemed in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4.1 (Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain 
details for delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings; and 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act).

--- Page 611 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
611 
 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit Linked 
Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Credit Linked Securities 
specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by DTC and/or Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and delivered 
as provided in this Credit Linked Condition 4.7 shall be made by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after consultation with the Delivery Agent 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form) 
the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Credit Linked Securities referred to therein 
according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Credit Linked Security, the Physical Settlement Amount 
will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery on the due date 
for redemption for the Credit Linked Securities, provided that the relevant Credit Linked Security in 
definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than the close of business in Luxembourg on the date 
(the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) before the due date for redemption of the Credit Linked 
Securities. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive Security to 
which such Notice relates are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of business on the Notice 
Cut-Off Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the due 
date for redemption of the Credit Linked Securities, at the risk of such Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 4.1(b) and 4.1(c), such 
Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, whether of interest or otherwise, in the 
event of the delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due date for redemption of the 
Credit Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4.7 or otherwise due 
to circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a Notice is validly delivered 
on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures that a Notice is 
delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 30 calendar days after the Notice Cut-Off Date or, in the 
case of Credit Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver the Definitive Security related thereto, 
or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in Credit 
Linked Condition 4.5 (Delivery and Fees), Partial Cash Settlement shall apply. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be at the 
risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Securityholder where the 
Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in circumstances beyond the control of either 
the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer

--- Page 612 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
612 
 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder pursuant to 
this Credit Linked Condition 4.7 but prior to the time when the Securityholder (or its designee) becomes 
registered as a holder or lender of record (as the case may be) of the relevant Deliverable Obligation (the 
Intervening Period), neither the relevant Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall (i) be under any obligation 
to deliver to such Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Deliverable 
Obligation any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment whatsoever 
received by the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the registered holder or lender of 
record (as the case may be) of such relevant Deliverable Obligation, (ii) exercise any or all rights (including 
voting rights) attaching to such relevant Deliverable Obligation during the Intervening Period without the 
prior written consent of the relevant Securityholder, provided that neither the relevant Issuer nor its agent 
or nominee shall be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period, or (iii) 
be under any liability to such Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant 
Deliverable Obligation in respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder or subsequent 
beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or 
its agent or nominee being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such relevant 
Deliverable Obligation. 
(f) 
CMU Securities 
In relation to any Credit Linked Securities that are CMU Securities for which Physical Settlement is 
specified to be the Settlement Method or the Fallback Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
any delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount, for such Credit Linked Securities shall not follow the 
procedure set out in this Credit Linked Condition 4.7, and the procedure that shall apply for such delivery 
shall be in accordance with the rules of the CMU, and as agreed with the Hong Kong Paying Agent and 
the relevant Issuer, and set out in the applicable Final Terms for such Credit Linked Securities. 
5. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TIMING AND FRUSTRATION 
5.1 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, the Securities, (including without limitation performance of the Issuer's obligations 
thereunder) will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) 
solely because: 
(a) 
a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Valuation Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Specified Deliverable Obligations or 
Reference Obligations do not exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
5.2 
Timing 
Subject to the paragraph below and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order to determine the day 
on which an event occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to the Relevant Time, irrespective 
of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the 
relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to 
midnight by reference to the Relevant Time, irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
6. 
SUCCESSION EVENTS AND SUBSTITUTION EVENTS 
6.1 
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Securities are Single Reference Entity CLSs and a Succession Event has occurred and more than one 
Successor has been identified (each a Successor Reference Entity):

--- Page 613 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
613 
 
(a) 
each Successor Reference Entity will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Securities; 
(b) 
in respect of each Successor Reference Entity, the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount will be the 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount applicable to the original Reference Entity divided by the number 
of Successor Reference Entities; and 
(c) 
the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, make any adjustments or modifications to the terms of the 
Securities, which may be required, to preserve the economic effects of the Securities prior to the 
Succession Event (considered in the aggregate). 
6.2 
Nth-to-Default CLSs 
Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default CLSs: 
(a) 
where a Succession Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one Successor has been identified, the 
provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 6.1(a) to 6.1(c) (inclusive) shall apply thereto.  In making 
adjustments as referred to in Condition 6.1(c), the Calculation Agent will deem the Credit Linked Security 
for all purposes to have been divided into a number of new Credit Linked Securities equal to the number 
of Successors and that each such new Credit Linked Security shall include a Successor and each and every 
one of the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Event; and  
(b) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where any Reference Entity (the 
Surviving Reference Entity) (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Event) would 
be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference Entity) pursuant to a Succession 
Event: 
(i) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference 
Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference 
Entity. For the avoidance of doubt, the deemed new Credit Linked Securities will continue to be 
represented by the original Credit Linked Securities. 
6.3 
Linear Basket CLSs 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket CLSs, and one or more Successors have been identified in 
respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of a related Succession Event (the Affected Entity): 
(a) 
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described in paragraph 
(b) below); 
(b) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity which is not an 
Affected Entity); 
(c) 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount for each such Successor will equal the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(d) 
the Calculation Agent may, at its discretion, make any adjustments or modifications to the terms of the 
Securities, which may be required to preserve the economic effects of the Securities prior to the Succession 
Event (considered in the aggregate). 
6.4 
Substitute Reference Obligations 
With respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent will identify the obligation (the Substitute Reference Obligation) that will replace one or more Reference 
Obligations, in accordance with the following procedures:

--- Page 614 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
614 
 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (c) 
and (d) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will 
not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of determination, such 
obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of 
the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of Substitution Event have occurred 
with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease 
to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). 
If the event set forth in paragraph (b) of the definition of Substitution Event has occurred with respect to 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Obligation 
is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (c) of the definition of 
Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was issued 
or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) and on the 
Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money 
obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when 
issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or 
if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan, which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event 
Date:

--- Page 615 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
615 
 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan) or if 
no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one specific Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described 
in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference 
Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations 
of the relevant Issuer under the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Substitute 
Reference Obligation will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, which is expected to be as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified 
in accordance with paragraph (c) above. Information about the occurrence of a Substitute Reference 
Obligation with a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the Substitute 
Reference Obligation, including the identity thereof and the date of substitution, may be requested at any 
time by the Securityholders at the specified office of the Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership 
of such Securities in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent). 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation until the Extension Date although the Calculation Agent is not obliged to select a Substitute 
Reference Obligation at any time.  If (A) either (i) Cash Settlement is specified as the Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) and the Cash 
Settlement Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or (ii) either Auction Settlement 
or Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Physical Delivery, is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) and, in each case, the 
Reference Obligation is the only Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified, then the Issuer shall have the right on or after the 
Extension Date to redeem the Securities at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined by the 
Calculation Agent taking into account the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time of the early 
redemption) by notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), such 
payment to be made as specified in such notice.  Such notice shall contain details of the procedures and 
due date for such early redemption. For the purposes of identification of a Reference Obligation, any 
change in the Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, convert such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of any Credit 
Linked Securities that are Reference Obligations Only CLS. 
6.5 
No Standard Reference Obligation 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List and not immediately replaced, such obligation 
shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other than for the purpose of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and subject to the following paragraph 
there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List,

--- Page 616 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
616 
 
in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the relevant Reference Entity shall constitute 
the Reference Obligation for it.  
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List and not replaced as aforesaid, the Calculation 
Agent may select as a substitute to replace the Reference Obligation, a Deliverable Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity of appropriate seniority. 
7. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
7.1 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the applicable Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference Entity" is 
applicable: 
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation and any 
Underlying Loan; 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit 
Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference 
Entity; 
(d) 
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance 
Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan 
or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; 
(e) 
each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to finance 
its loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Securities, each such loan shall be an Underlying 
Loan; and 
(f) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be 
construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference Entity. 
7.2 
Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer" 
The following provisions will apply if the applicable Final Terms provide that "Monoline Insurer" is applicable: 
(a) 
Specific Definitions 
Monoline Insurer means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document 
published by ISDA on 31 August 2010 where the Current Reference Entity Names (as such term is defined 
in this document) are ACA Financial Guaranty Corporation, Ambac Assurance Corporation, Assured 
Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, Inc, Financial Guaranty Insurance 
Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., MBIA Insurance Corporation, Radian Asset 
Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee Inc or any Successor of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list of 
sub-paragraph (i) above by any document published by ISDA which would modify and/or cancel and 
replace the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to 
which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) of 
an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured Instrument) 
for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor). 
Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash 
Settlement or Physical Settlement is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in particular for the purpose

--- Page 617 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
617 
 
of the determination of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation, the benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be 
capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
Instrument Payments means (i) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (A) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest 
or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance 
and (B) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (ii) in the 
case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both 
(i) and (ii), (I) determined without regard to Limited Recourse Provisions and (II) excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums 
and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Limited Recourse Provisions means provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of 
such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of 
payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instrument. 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar 
measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
(b) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation 
In subparagraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" and subparagraph (b) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation", the terms "or Qualifying Policy" are added after "or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee". 
(c) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of (A) the 
second part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee", starting with "If an Obligation" and (B) the 
definitions of "Due and Payable Amount" and "Outstanding Principal Balance" will apply, with references 
to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and Deliverable 
Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, 
and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect of 
such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to the guarantor 
and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and the insuring, respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of 
the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the 
Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying 
Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance 
will occur; and

--- Page 618 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
618 
 
(vi) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date the Obligation 
Characteristic or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Not Subordinated", if "Not 
Subordinated" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
In paragraph (a) of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance", references to a Guarantee, the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the 
Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. Any Limited Recourse Provisions shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provided 
that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been 
required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction. 
(e) 
Deliver 
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver", "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying 
Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial 
receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an Insured 
Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed 
accordingly. 
(f) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor 
Paragraphs (a), (d) and (f) of the definition of "Successor" are amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" 
after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Paragraph (f) is amended by adding "or provider of a 
Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
(g) 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event 
The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", paragraph (c)(i) of Credit Linked 
Condition 6.4 and paragraph (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" are amended by adding "or 
Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
(h) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, part (a)(i) to (a)(v) in the 
definition of "Restructuring" is amended to read as follows: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (i)(A) 
of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (i)(B) of the 
definition of "Instrument Payment" that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying 
Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual 
of the Instrument Payments described in clause (i)(A) of the definition of "Instrument 
Payment" or (II) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in clause (i)(B) of 
the definition of "Instrument Payment", in each case that are guaranteed or insured by 
the Qualifying Policy; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (I) any Obligation under a Qualifying 
Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation 
to any other Obligation or (II) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of

--- Page 619 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
619 
 
such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that 
results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to the 
relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed 
or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the 
case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in 
whole). 
(ii) 
Subparagraph (b)(iv) of the definition of "Restructuring" is deleted in its entirety and replaced by 
the following: 
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a)(i) to (a)(v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, 
provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(v) above only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority or a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or, in the case of Qualifying Policy 
and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the 
Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to 
such event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the 
Qualifying Policy". 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" is amended by the addition of the following: 
"(e) 
For purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and the definition of "Multiple Holder 
Obligation", the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for 
which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a 
Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to 
the Reference Entity in paragraph (b) above shall continue to refer to the Reference 
Entity." 
(i) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit of 
the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. References in the 
definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed 
to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final redemption date", as such 
term is used in Credit Linked Condition 8.2 (Mod R) or 8.3 (Mod Mod R) in the definitions of "Mod R" 
and "Mod Mod R", and in the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the 
specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(j) 
Other Provisions

--- Page 620 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
620 
 
For purposes of the definition of "Credit Event" and the definition of "Deliver", references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and 
the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
8. 
RESTRUCTURING CREDIT EVENT 
8.1 
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity for which Restructuring is 
an applicable Credit Event and either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring Credit 
Event, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the Exercise Amount) provided that if the Credit Event 
Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the then outstanding Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount (and not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount; 
(b) 
the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Securities equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the provisions 
shall be construed accordingly and each Credit Linked Security shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed 
part being equal to such Credit Linked Security’s pro rata share of the Exercise Amount); and 
(c) 
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must be an 
amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) 
in which the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount is denominated or any integral multiple thereof or 
the entire relevant Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount. 
In the case of an Nth-to-Default CLS, once the Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied in respect of the Nth 
Reference Entity where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be 
delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity (save to the extent that the Credit Linked Securities are deemed 
to have been divided into new Credit Linked Securities pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event). 
If any Credit Linked Security is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 8, 
the relevant Credit Linked Security or, if the Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, such 
Global Security shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
This Credit Linked Condition 8.1 shall not be applicable in respect of a Reference Entity for which Restructuring 
is an applicable Credit Event and M(M)R Restructuring is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Mod R 
(a) 
If Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies (whether as Settlement Method as or Fallback Settlement 
Method) in respect of any Reference Entity for which "Mod R" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice 
delivered by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as the case may be, a Valuation Obligation may only be selected by 
the Calculation Agent, if such Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation (i) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final redemption date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or the Relevant 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
(b) 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be determined 
on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination 
and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed 
to be the date on which such determination is made.

--- Page 621 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
621 
 
(c) 
If a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to subparagraph (b) of the definition thereof 
with respect to a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, the condition set out in subparagraph (a)(ii) above 
shall not be applicable.  
8.3 
Mod Mod R 
(a) 
If Physical Settlement or Cash Settlement applies (whether as Settlement Method as or Fallback Settlement 
Method) in respect of any Reference Entity for which "Mod Mod R" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice 
delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable) or, as the case may be, a Valuation Obligation may only be selected by the 
Calculation Agent if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final redemption date 
not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the 
NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or the Relevant Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, in 
the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity 
date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
(c) 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, subject as set 
out above, be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of 
making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final 
maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(d) 
If a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to subparagraph (b) of the definition thereof 
with respect to a Notional Credit Derivative Transaction, the condition set out in subparagraph (a)(ii) above 
shall not be applicable. 
(e) 
If Physical Settlement applies (whether as Settlement Method as or Fallback Settlement Method), in the 
event that the requisite consent in relation to a Deliverable Obligation which is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason 
is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason) or is not received by the Physical Settlement Date, the 
relevant Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the relevant Securityholders of such refusal 
(or deemed refusal) and: 
(i) 
each such Securityholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an Affiliate of 
such Securityholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its behalf; and 
(ii) 
if a Securityholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to the date 
which is three (3) CLS Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the relevant Issuer 
will redeem the Securities that have not been Delivered by payment of the relevant Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount to such Securityholder. Credit Linked Condition 4.4 (Aggregation and 
Rounding) shall not apply to this sub-paragraph. 
8.4 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, then notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related provisions, the occurrence of, agreement 
to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a 
Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation.

--- Page 622 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
622 
 
9. 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
9.1 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Credit Linked Conditions shall be final and binding 
on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent shall act in its 
sole and absolute discretion and, unless otherwise expressly stated in these Credit Linked Conditions, is not bound 
to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determination Committee. 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of 
construction and legal interpretation. If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee it may do so without liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by 
the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Credit 
Linked Securities including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the 
Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct 
and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
9.2 
(a) 
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may amend these Credit Linked Conditions from time to time to the 
extent that it determines necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer in order to ensure consistency 
with prevailing market standards or market trading conventions (as established pursuant to the agreement of the 
leading dealers in the credit derivatives market or any relevant committee established by ISDA, further or 
alternative documents published by ISDA with respect to credit derivatives transactions and/or the operation of a 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, any applicable law or regulation or the rules of any 
applicable exchange or clearing system) that would be or are applicable to any Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction or Hedge Transaction from time to time. The Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the 
relevant Issuer amend pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 9.2 any of the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Linked Securities other than to the extent necessary to give effect to the relevant change(s). The Calculation Agent 
shall notify the relevant Issuer and the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable upon making any such 
amendment. 
(b) 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If, following the publication of a DC Resolution (the Prior DC Resolution), a further DC Resolution (the relevant 
Further DC Resolution) is published, the effect of which would be to reverse all or part of the Prior DC Resolution 
or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines is necessary or desirable to the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Securities to reflect the 
publication of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact 
or effect of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on any Hedge Transactions. 
(c) 
Event Determination Date Adjustments 
If, in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, (i) following the determination of an Event Determination 
Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date that is different from the date that 
was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) an Event 
Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the 
Calculation Agent will determine (1) such adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions (including any 
adjustment to payment amounts) as may be required to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such 
deemed non-occurrence of such Event Determination Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment to payment 
amounts.

--- Page 623 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
623 
 
9.3 
Delivery of Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the relevant Issuer, pursuant to these Credit Linked 
Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone and will be effective 
when given. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and delivered 
confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice.  Failure to 
provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice.  As soon as reasonably 
practicable after receiving a notice from the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer shall inform, or shall procure 
that the Calculation Agent informs the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). Where 
the Calculation Agent is expressed to give a notice to the Securityholders, the Calculation Agent may agree with 
the Issuer that such notice is given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in place of the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
are, as of 10 May 2024, available at the following https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/.  
Where any notice is copied to a party (including, without limitation, Securityholders), effectiveness of a notice 
delivered will not be affected by delivery or non-delivery to such party. 
10. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Credit Linked Conditions: 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason of 
maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such 
obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws. 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, 
in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional LPN means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer, for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN 
Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(a) 
Underlying Loan; or 
(b) 
Underlying Finance Instrument: 
provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, the Underlying 
Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity; 
or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the 
Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and 
Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not Bearer, 
Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic 
Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over 
or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying 
Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of the LPNs. 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity in 
the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto as 
of the Trade Date, which list as of 10 May 2024 is available online on the Markit Group Limited website.

--- Page 624 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
624 
 
Additional Provisions means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA for use in the over 
the counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, which may 
include any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity.  
Affected Entity has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.3 (Linear Basket CLSs). 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First 
Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent fee), 
right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances 
where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference to 
an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received or 
retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may include 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered 
a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If 
the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the Reference 
Obligation, if Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package Credit 
Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the 
Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Event Determination Date or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package 
Credit Event. 
If “Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery” is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding the 
paragraph above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset 
Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 4.7 (Physical Settlement 
Procedures). 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks 
or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of 
the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and 
if Assignable Loan is specified as a Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic was applicable only in respect of Loans.

--- Page 625 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
625 
 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms selected by the Calculation Agent, the details of which will be as set out in the Auction Settlement 
Amount Notice or, for the purposes of determining a Hedge Disruption Event, in the Notice of Physical Settlement, 
as the case may be. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2(a). 
Auction Settlement Amount means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max [0; N x (1-R)] 
where: 
N means the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as the case may be; and 
R means the relevant Auction Final Price. 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice means a notice given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer on or prior to the 
date which is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date specifying: 
(a) 
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation 
Agent has determined will apply to the Credit Linked Securities (provided that the Calculation Agent may 
only determine to apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms (which it may choose in its sole discretion) 
in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); 
and 
(b) 
the Auction Settlement Amount. 
Auction Settlement Date means either: 
(a) 
unless "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as " Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the date that is 
five (5) Business Days following the later of: 
(i) 
the Auction Final Price Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the later of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
 the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above. 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due;

--- Page 626 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
626 
 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof or before the Credit Event Cut-off Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it, which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) above. 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is in the form 
of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other 
debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which 
there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money 
(which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit). 
Calculation Agent City Business Day mean a day which is (a) a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in London, Paris and Tokyo and (b) a CLS Business Day. 
Capped Reference Entity means a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cash Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2(c). 
Cash Settlement Amount means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Cash Settlement Amount = Max [0; N x (1-R)] 
where: 
N means the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as the case may be; and 
R means (i) the Weighted Average Final Price, or (ii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or in 
the case of Fixed Recovery CLSs, the Final Price. 
Cash Settlement Date means either:

--- Page 627 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
627 
 
(a) 
if "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is 
not specified, five (5) Business Days) after the later of: 
(i) 
calculation of the Weighted Average Final Price; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the later of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
five (5) Business Days after the later of: 
(A) 
calculation of the Weighted Average Final Price; and 
(B) 
the date on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, on 
or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Securities; or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect 
of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining the Securities in issue or in holding, acquiring 
or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Securities. 
CIA Type 1 has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)(i). 
CIA Type 2 has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)(ii). 
CIA Type 3 has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 3.1(a)(iii). 
CLS Business Day means, in respect of any Reference Entity, a day on which commercial banking and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for that purpose with respect to such Reference Entity, a T2 Settlement Day (if "T2 Settlement Day" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for that purpose), or, if a place or places are not so specified, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settlement payments in the jurisdiction of 
the currency of the related Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount. 
CLS Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may be) for which quotations 
are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and 
a Securityholder or its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of 
Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, provided, however, that a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent 
of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment 
or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation".

--- Page 628 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
628 
 
Conditions to Settlement means, in relation to any Reference Entity,the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date, subject to the provisions set out at Credit Linked Condition 9.2(b) (DC Resolution Adjustment Events) and 
provided that no Event Determination Date will occur and any Event Determination Date previously determined 
shall be deemed not to have occurred if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
a Valuation Date, a Delivery Date or the date on which the Securities are redeemed pursuant to these Credit Linked 
Conditions, as determined as applicable by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event.  
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation, which is a Deliverable Obligation determined 
in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation. 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if a Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if Consent Required Loan is specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic was applicable only in respect of Loans. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such Reference Entity, a form of which will be 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may 
be amended from time to time.  
Credit Derivatives Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA and, 
in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Securities in 
the applicable Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional Provisions. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions in the over-the-
counter market, as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
Credit Event means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, 
Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention, as specified with 
respect to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether 
or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as 
applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation 
or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial 
body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means (a) the Trade Date or (b) the date falling 60 calendar days prior to the Trade 
Date, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Credit Event Backstop Date is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such date shall be the date falling 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date. In each 
case, the Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (that the Calculation Agent has the 
right but not the obligation to deliver) to the relevant Issuer that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after

--- Page 629 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
629 
 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. A Credit Event Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided 
that where an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, a 
reference to the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit 
Event Question. 
Currency Amount means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or a selected Valuation Obligation 
that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the 
Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount converted to 
the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert 
each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice 
with respect to that portion of the Credit Linked Securities into the currency of denomination of the 
relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency 
and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as the case may be, is denominated that is either: 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency 
Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Refinitiv at 4:00 p.m. (London 
time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is fourteen calendar days following 
the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC 
Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes 
a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or an Obligation thereof) on or after the Credit 
Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the 
Credit Event Cut-off Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, 
in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by 
the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters 
described in a DC Credit Event Question.

--- Page 630 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
630 
 
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit 
Event has occurred. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the 
matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that is the 
subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or 
an Obligation thereof).  
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance 
with the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount as may be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
U.S.$ 10,000,000, or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Specified 
Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary 
actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Specified Deliverable Obligations where only equitable 
title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Specified Deliverable Obligations to the relevant 
Securityholder or Securityholders free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) of 
the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable any 
Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a portion of the applicable Specified Deliverable Obligations consists 
of Direct Loan Participations, Deliver means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the 
relevant Securityholder and (ii) if a Specified Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both 
the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means 
to deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. Notwithstanding the previous 
sentence, in the case of a Loan, the relevant Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply, for the purposes of 
the settlement of the Credit Linked Securities with the provisions of any documentation (which term shall be 
deemed to include any market advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to 
approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such 
documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery obligations of the Issuer hereunder. The relevant Issuer agrees, 
and each Securityholder is deemed to further agree, that compliance by the relevant Issuer with the provisions of 
any such documentation shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of 
this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be 
effected) and neither the relevant Issuer nor any Securityholder shall be permitted to request, nor shall the relevant 
Issuer or any Securityholder be required to take, any action or make any payment in connection with such Delivery, 
as applicable, unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation.

--- Page 631 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
631 
 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, may be satisfied 
by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) 
the above paragraph of this definition of Deliver shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the 
Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which notice is given by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of such details of the Assets comprised in the Asset Package to be Delivered, 
(iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion, and (v) if the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
Deliverable Obligation means any of: 
(a) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
(b) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by 
the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and (subject as provided 
herein) having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into account any 
Hedge Transactions); 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation: and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or 
any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign); and 
(e) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity included on the Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms selected by the Calculation Agent, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the purposes 
of paragraph (d) above of this definition, immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified 
in the definition of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any 
such assessment shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event. 
Where "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any Solvency Capital Provisions in the relevant Deliverable Obligation shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. If any of 
Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category and more 
than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are specified as Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligations Only.

--- Page 632 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
632 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign 
Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not 
Bearer as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan Participation" are specified as 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any 
Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would 
constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions, in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms, in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Deliverable/Valuation Obligation Accrued Interest means: 
(a) 
If "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation or the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(b) 
If "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, that the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation or the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(c) 
If neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the market of 
the relevant Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligations, as the case may be, whether the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Valuation Obligation or the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount 
thereof. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such Deliverable 
Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" above). 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the relevant 
Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Securityholder that 
provides each Securityholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due 
under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each Securityholder and either: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) (in either case, to the extent that the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as applicable), is then a lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate); or 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender 
or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference 
Entity and any successor currency thereto (or if no currency is so specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of:

--- Page 633 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
633 
 
(a) 
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, 
or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, 
pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as 
a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way 
of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation in effect on either (1) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into account any 
Hedge Transactions or (2) the Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without violating 
any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any of: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in 
sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that: 
(A) 
has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(B) 
is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management having, 
in the aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$ 100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by an entity described in 
sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) hereof; and 
(d) 
(i) any Sovereign, or (ii) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.

--- Page 634 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
634 
 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Escrow means, if Escrow is specified in relation to a Reference Entity as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or 
any Securityholder may require that physical settlement take place through the use of an Escrow Agent (in the case 
of any such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities held by such Securityholder). Any costs 
or expenses incurred in connection with establishing such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the relevant 
Securityholder. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer prior to 
the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to the terms of the 
escrow arrangement. 
Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Credit Event and subject as provided in the definition of 
"Conditions to Settlement" above: 
(a) 
if "Auction Settlement" is the applicable Settlement Method specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that 
neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if a DC 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including, unless specified as 
being not applicable in the Final Terms, prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off 
Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and is 
effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Cash Settlement Date or Auction Settlement Date 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event Determination Date shall 
be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion of the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, (aa) unless the M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, 
and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event Notice was less than 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount, or (cc) unless the Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out 
on the Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction, or

--- Page 635 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
635 
 
(b) 
where paragraph (a) above does not apply, the Non-Standard Event Determination Date. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction constitutes a Senior Transaction in respect of the Reference Entity, 
then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction constitutes a Subordinated Transaction in respect of the Reference 
Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Amount has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 8.1 (Multiple Credit Event Notices). 
Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
where the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Event 
Determination Date applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of Event Determination Date 
does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date; 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
Extended Physical Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th CLS Business Day following the Physical Settlement 
Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the relevant Deliverable Obligations may 
not be Delivered or deemed to be Delivered to Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or before the original 
Extended Physical Settlement Date , such date may be further extended to a date falling up to ten (10) CLS 
Business Days after the original Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier date, as the 
Calculation Agent may determine, in its absolute discretion; and  
(b) 
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Calculation Agent may determine in its 
absolute discretion, provided that such date falls no later than the 120th CLS Business Day following the

--- Page 636 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
636 
 
Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such determination, such 120th CLS Business Day 
following the Physical Settlement Date. 
Extension Date means the latest of: 
(a) 
(i) the Scheduled Redemption Date (or any other date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms) or, 
(ii) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, such other date falling such number of calendar or 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Scheduled Redemption 
Date or, (iii) if applicable, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the applicable date 
pursuant to paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii), as the case may be, the Credit Event Cut-off Date); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to such Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the 
date specified in sub-paragraph (a) above; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in 
relation to any Reference Entity. 
Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (and copied to the Securityholders) 
giving notice of the following in relation to a Reference Entity:  
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraph (b), (c) or (d) below, that a Credit Event has occurred, may have 
occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit Event Cut-off Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred, may have occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Event Cut-off Date; or 
(c) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred, may have occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Credit Event Cut-off Date; or 
(d) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred, may have occurred or may occur on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations 
in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction 
in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available 
market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly 
result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the relevant Reference 
Entity. In such case, any determination as to whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred is to be made by the Calculation 
Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), for which purposes, the Calculation Agent 
may take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 
For the purpose of the above, 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement means the Narrowly Tailored 
Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by ISDA on 15 July 2019.

--- Page 637 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
637 
 
Fair Market Value Trigger has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Fallback Settlement Event means: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement 
Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) and (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the Calculation Agent has 
not exercised the Movement Option by delivery of a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices)); 
(c) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of "Event 
Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Credit Event within three (3) Business Days of such Event Determination Date; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer (or an Affiliate acting on behalf of the Issuer) determines that this is appropriate by reference 
to any of its and/or any of its Affiliates’ Hedge Transactions. 
Fallback Settlement Method means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the applicable Final Terms do not specify the Fallback Settlement Method, the Fallback Settlement 
Method shall be Cash Settlement. 
Final List has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Final List Publication Date means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final List in respect of 
such Credit Event is published by the DC Secretary. 
Final Price means (a) the price of the Reference Obligation and/or any Valuation Obligation and/or Undeliverable 
Obligation, expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, determined in accordance with the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise 
in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date, (b) in the case of 
Fixed Recovery CLSs, an amount equal to the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or (c) in the case of any Asset comprised in an Asset Package where the Calculation Agent determines that the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above are not appropriate for determining a price for such Asset, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent which for the avoidance of doubt may be zero, including without limitation where the 
Asset Package is deemed to be zero.  
First Ranking Interest means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar 
(First Ranking) in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking 
under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Reference 
Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall 
exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, 
the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered 
to be variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery CLS means Credit Linked Securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and in respect 
of which the Final Price is the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Fixed Recovery Percentage means, in respect of a Fixed Recovery CLS, a percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount means the amount as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such amount is specified, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities divided by the number of 
Reference Entities), subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event).

--- Page 638 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
638 
 
Full Quotation means each firm bid quotation obtained from a CLS Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Valuation Obligation or, as the case may be, 
Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, 
or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required 
in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case as of both the NOPS Effective Date and 
the Delivery Date. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation 
be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully 
Transferable Obligation". 
Fully Principal Protected CLSs means Credit Linked Securities to which "Fully Principal Protected CLS" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation, which is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of a Reference Entity 
or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority, which is analogous to any of the entities, specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of 
action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to a Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest 
or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event, which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) of this 
definition.

--- Page 639 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
639 
 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which 
the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under 
and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is 
issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Reference Entity, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Event Cut-off 
Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit Event Cut-off 
Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three (3) Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three (3) Grace Period Business Days shall be 
deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified in relation 
to the relevant Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no 
later than the Credit Event Cut-off Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation 
and if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) 
otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments 
in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Event Cut-off Date, 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
If Grace Period Extension is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not 
apply. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee, which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Amount means: 
(a) 
if "One-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without 
duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax, and duties incurred by the relevant Issuer 
(and/or its Affiliates on its behalf) in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Securities and/or 
the termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction on or around the Event 
Determination Date, provided that in the case of Leveraged CLSs the notional amount of each Hedge 
Transaction terminated, settled or re-established will reflect the leveraged Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount of the Reference Entity affected by the Credit Event; 
(b) 
if "Two-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency (which may be expressed as a positive number or a negative number) determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs and gains incurred by the relevant 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates on its behalf in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Securities 
and/or the termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction on or around the Event 
Determination Date, provided that in the case of Leveraged CLSs the notional amount of each Hedge 
Transaction terminated, settled or re-established will reflect the leveraged Floating Rate Payer Calculation

--- Page 640 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
640 
 
Amount of the Reference Entity affected by the Credit Event (where a cost will be expressed as a positive 
number and a gain as a negative number); or 
(c) 
if Hedge Amount is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price 
risk of the relevant Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (B) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Securities. 
Hedge Disruption Event means the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates has not received the relevant: 
(a) 
Deliverable Obligations (including in circumstances where the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
acting on its behalf is not able to acquire Deliverable Obligations) (i) in the relevant auction settlement 
process for any reason (including in circumstances where the relevant Issuer or any such Affiliate gives 
settlement orders to a participating dealer and such orders are not accepted or remain unfulfilled, in whole 
or in part) or (ii) at an amount equal to the Auction Final Price (determined by the Calculation Agent, as 
if Auction Settlement had been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms on the basis of the 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer under the Notice of 
Physical Settlement); and/or 
(b) 
cash, 
under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the relevant Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the relevant Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or 
in part and including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) in respect of the Credit Linked Securities (including, 
without limitation, any rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, 
commodity option, equity or equity index swap, interest rate option, currency transaction, asset swap transaction, 
credit derivative transaction, funding transaction such as, but not limited to, an internal funding arrangement or a 
repurchase transaction or bond position, and including, in the case of Credit Linked Securities that are also Bond 
Linked Securities, any such transaction or trading position entered into or held to hedge obligations or positions in 
respect of the relevant Bonds). Solely with respect to and for purpose of any Hedge Transactions that are credit 
derivative transactions, the relevant Issuer will be "Seller". 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Interest means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, security interest or other 
type of interest having similar effect. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto). 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as the 
case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged or 
converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and on such date 
as the Calculation Agent (in its sole and absolute discretion may select) by reference to Eligible Information. If not

--- Page 641 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
641 
 
so determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realisable 
value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given in the definition of Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date below. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of Partial Cash Settlement due to a Potential Cash 
Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date or, in respect of a Deliverable Obligation 
comprised of a Loan, the date that is 15 CLS Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date (or, in either case, 
any earlier date designated by the Calculation Agent following any determination by the Calculation Agent that 
any Deliverable Obligation is an Undeliverable Obligation) 
Legacy Reference Entity has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.2(b). 
Leveraged CLS means a Credit Linked Security for which "Leveraged CLS" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Limitation Date means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or 
immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years 
(the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the 10-year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years 
or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment. 
Linear Basket CLS means Credit Linked Securities (other than Nth-to-Default CLSs) where the relevant Issuer 
purchases credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of a basket of Reference Entities, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange and, if Listed is 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic and/or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Obligation Characteristic and/or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, as the case may be, was applicable only in respect of Bonds. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is documented by 
a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other 
type of Borrowed Money. 
London Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open 
to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London. 
LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note. 
LPN Issuer means, in respect of any LPN, the entity, which issued the relevant LPN. 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation, which is 
issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an Underlying Loan. Any change to the 
issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference 
Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a "Restructuring" Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a) 
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such period is so specified, 30 years. 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", remaining 
maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making

--- Page 642 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
642 
 
such determination, and in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity 
shall be zero. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) the 
Credit Event Cut-off Date (i) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or a Reference Entity consolidates 
or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference Entity, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor as applicable, or (ii) (if applicable) the Guarantor and a Reference Entity or the 
relevant Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Merger Event Redemption Date means the date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice to Securityholders. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of: U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency); and the Quotation Amount. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity, which is regularly engaged in 
or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Event Cut-off Date. Subject to the foregoing, if 
the Credit Event Cut-off Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the Credit Event Cut-off Date. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction Announcement Date 
has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition thereof, the option of the Calculation Agent 
to apply for purposes of settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect 
of the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Fallback Settlement 
Method shall apply. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the Exercise 
Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a "Restructuring" Credit Event is held by more than three (3) 
holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in 
effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event 
which constitutes a "Restructuring" Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in paragraph (b) above. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day immediately following 
the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is 
effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of Valuation Obligations. 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first 
publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published;  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or

--- Page 643 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
643 
 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held 
following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either 
(i) no Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
Non-Capped Reference Entity means a Reference Entity, which is not a Capped Reference Entity. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming Reference 
Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation on the Substitution Date 
but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date 
(as applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset, which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being 
traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during either 
the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each 
case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(B) 
(I) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and is 
effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or (if later) the period from and including 
the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen calendar 
days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date)), if: 
(A) 
"Auction Settlement" is not specified as being applicable in the Final Terms; 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(C) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit Event Announcement 
and on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date, 
provided that:

--- Page 644 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
644 
 
(aa) 
no Physical Settlement Date, if applicable, or Cash Settlement Date or Auction Settlement Date 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(bb) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, a Non-Standard Event Determination 
Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the portion of the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and 
(cc) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent, (i) unless the M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (ii) unless, and 
to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than 
the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or (iii) unless the Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out 
on the Final List are identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
In case more than one of the options described above may apply for the purpose of determining the Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent will in its sole and absolute discretion, select the relevant option 
to be applied in accordance with the equivalent provisions of any related underlying hedging arrangements entered 
into in respect of the Credit Linked Securities, whether such hedging arrangement is held directly by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor or indirectly through an Affiliate. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days, 
following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) or, if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset, which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
NOPS Amendment Notice means a notice from by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (after consultation with the 
Issuer) notifying it, that the Calculation Agent has determined that the relevant Issuer must replace, in whole or in 
part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of 
the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective) or the detailed description(s) thereof. A NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation and shall also 
specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised

--- Page 645 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
645 
 
Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of 
the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with the 
Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier 
NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the aggregate 
Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement 
Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, (i) the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each 
Deliverable Obligation contained in any NOPS Amendment Notice by notice to the Issuer (given in the manner 
specified in the definition of "Physical Settlement Notice") prior to the relevant Delivery Date, it being understood 
that such notice of correction shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable and such Asset Package is not described in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, the Calculation Agent shall on the NOPS Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, 
give the Issuer and the Securityholders notice of a detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer 
expects or intends to Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, it being 
understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
NOPS Cut-off Date means, subject where applicable to Credit Linked Condition 2.9 (Suspension of Obligations): 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if "Physical Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of (A) the date determined 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) and (B) the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation 
Date or the No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to sub-paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) of 
the definition thereof, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
(I) 
the date determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(II) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, if any; 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to sub-
paragraph (c)(i) of the definition thereof, if any; or 
(3) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than one should 
occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the Relevant City 
Business Day immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, 
if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as 
applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(I) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof and a Notice of Movement Option has not been delivered as 
a result thereof; or

--- Page 646 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
646 
 
(II) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (c)(ii) of 
the definition thereof and a Notice of Movement Option has not been delivered 
as a result thereof, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) above. 
NOPS Effective Date means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Valuation Obligation 
is chosen by the Calculation Agent to form part of the Valuation Obligations Portfolio. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, International or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system and, if the Not Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic was applicable 
only in respect of Bonds. 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable Domestic 
Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as the case may 
be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any 
obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for 
sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to 
be issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity. 
If the Not Domestic Issuance Obligation Characteristic is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Obligation Characteristic was applicable only with respect to 
Bonds. 
If the Not Domestic Issuance Deliverable Obligation Characteristic is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic was applicable 
only with respect to Bonds. 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided that the 
laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any entity or 
organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is not 
Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
Notice Cut-Off Date has the meaning set out in Credit Linked Condition 4.7(b) (Procedure by the relevant Issuer 
and others). 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an effective Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, have been delivered to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent.  
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date fifteen CLS 
Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) after the Extension 
Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is a M(M)R Restructuring, the later of:

--- Page 647 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
647 
 
(a) 
such date; and 
(b) 
the date that is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date). 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice delivered from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
that: 
(i) 
confirms that the relevant Issuer will redeem the Credit Linked Securities by physical delivery in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement); 
(ii) 
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the relevant Issuer will Deliver 
(or procure Delivery of) to the Securityholders, including, if available and applicable, the ISIN 
number (or, if such identifying number is not available or applicable, the rate and tenor) of each 
such Deliverable Obligation and the Outstanding Amount (which shall be selected by the 
Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer). For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation 
Agent may select any Deliverable Obligations for the Issuer to Deliver, irrespective of their 
market value; and 
(iii) 
specifies the Outstanding Amount and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations. 
In relation to Credit Linked Securities (other than Leveraged CLSs), the Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify 
Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding Amount on the Settlement Valuation Date equal to the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount (or, as applicable, Exercise Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement 
Adjustment. 
In relation to Leveraged CLSs, the Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an 
Outstanding Amount such that their value on the Settlement Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion is equal to: 
PA - [N × (1 - MV)]  
subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment; 
where: 
MV is an amount equal to the market value of the Deliverable Obligation on or around the Settlement 
Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
N means the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount or the Exercise Amount, as the case may be; and 
PA is an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Leveraged CLSs (if they are 
represented by a Global Security) or the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Calculation Amount Factor 
(if the Leveraged CLSs are in definitive form) (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount 
paid up). 
The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, deliver to the Issuer in the manner specified above a NOPS 
Amendment Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or 
inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement by notice to the Issuer (given in the manner specified above) prior to the relevant Delivery Date, it being 
understood that such notice of correction shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice and (ii) if Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable and such Asset Package is not described in the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Calculation 
Agent shall on the NOPS Effective Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, give the Issuer and the 
Securityholders notice of a detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver to the 
Securityholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement it being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS 
Amendment Notice.

--- Page 648 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
648 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the relevant 
Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice. The notice must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information.  
Notice to Exercise Movement Option means where M(M)R Restructuring is applicable and the Fallback 
Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable, an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which will be applicable in accordance with the definition 
of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction means, with respect to any Credit Linked Security and a Reference 
Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction and under the terms of which: 
(a) 
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the applicable Final Terms and if no such Trade Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue Date; 
(b) 
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Event Cut-off Date; 
(c) 
the Deliverable Obligation Terms, the Reference Obligation and the Reference Entity are (i) the same as 
in respect of the Securities (if Deliverable Obligation Terms and a Reference Obligation are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent Deliverable Obligation Terms and/or a Reference 
Obligation are not so specified, the Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant 
Reference Entity; and 
(d) 
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit Linked Security as it 
relates to such Reference Entity and otherwise having such characteristics as the Calculation Agent may 
determine appropriate by reference, without limitation, Hedge Transactions and/or any credit elections 
made in the Credit Linked Securities. 
Nth means, where the applicable Final Terms specify that “Nth-to-Default CLS” is applicable, such number as may 
be specified in such Final Terms. 
Nth-to-Default CLS means any Credit Linked Security in respect to which the relevant Issuer purchases credit 
protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement with respect to the Nth Reference 
Entity, the Securities will be redeemed in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 2.2 (Redemption following 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) and 2.3 (Nth-to-Default CLSs). 
Obligation means: 
(a) 
each obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described by 
the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the 
Credit Event which is the subject either of the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question 
resulting from the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable; and 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, 
or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however

--- Page 649 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
649 
 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations. 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or 
Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity. 
Obligation Characteristic means any of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to a Reference Entity. 
If  “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and  “Governmental Intervention” are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic, the existence 
of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition 
or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity 
under one or more Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so 
specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, such obligation will 
not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Securities (Non-Reference 
Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation) other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority 
Level and for the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics unless (a) Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) the Securities are Reference Obligations Only CLS. 
Outstanding Amount means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the 
equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal payment 
obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Deliverable/Valuation Obligation 
Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the 
case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but 
unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, 
(A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment 
or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (a) above less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of such obligation are amended after

--- Page 650 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
650 
 
such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (II) the Relevant Valuation 
Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, “applicable laws” shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If “Fallback Discounting” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then notwithstanding 
the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under 
paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per 
cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per 
cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating 
to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of 
such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent 
Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan 
is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as 
applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or 
exchanged (the Original Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without regard 
to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by 
the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount 
advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the 
Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose 
of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take 
into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in such manner and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
Where: 
Quantum of the Claim means (a) the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, 
been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant 
determination or (b) the amount determined in accordance with the method set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, in each case provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) which 
is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor 
website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within

--- Page 651 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
651 
 
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on 
which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means Auction as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means Auction Cancellation Date as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date means the Auction Final Price Determination Date as defined 
in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, any Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for 
which (a) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions and (b) the 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction, provided that if no such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, subject as provided in the definition of "Movement 
Option" above, the Calculation Agent may select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined in the relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Partial Cash Settlement means partial cash settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4.2. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement and 
subject as provided in Credit Linked Condition 4.5 (Delivery and Fees), an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the aggregate, for each Undeliverable Obligation, of:  
(a) 
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations, in each case multiplied by; 
(b) 
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as applicable, 
of such Undeliverable Obligation. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to a Reference Entity, the date falling three (3) CLS Business 
Days after the later of (a) the calculation of the relevant Final Price or such other date falling such number of CLS 
Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) the date 
on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Partially Principal Protected CLSs means Credit Linked Securities to which "Partially Principal Protected CLS" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment 
of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not so specified in the applicable Final Terms, U.S.$ 
1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either 
case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on the Final List pursuant 
to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity's payment 
obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity;

--- Page 652 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
652 
 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions 
allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any 
other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as 
an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single 
transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on 
the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) 
of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2.2(b). 
Physical Settlement Adjustment means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable Obligations 
specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement, by an amount of Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value 
equal to the Hedge Amount (if the Hedge Amount is a positive number, representing an amount payable by the 
relevant Issuer or its Affiliates in connection with the termination, settlement or re-hedge of any Hedge Transaction) 
rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be determined by 
the Calculation Agent. Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Hedge Amount is not applicable, the Physical 
Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount means an amount (if any) equal to the difference between 
the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation value of such whole number of 
Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by the relevant Issuer by way of compensation for any 
Hedge Amount. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the NOPS Cut-
off Date (the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date) or, if all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before the Scheduled 
Physical Settlement Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable Obligations to all 
Securityholders or, if later, the date falling five CLS Business Days after the date on which on which the Hedge 
Amount has been determined provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the 
second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date, the Physical Settlement Date 
shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists 
and (ii) the day falling 100 Business Days following the Scheduled Physical Settlement Date.  
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2.9 (Suspension of Obligations), the 
number of CLS Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, 
if a number of CLS Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of CLS 
Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent after consultation with the Issuer, provided that if the Calculation Agent has 
notified the Issuer that the Issuer may Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty CLS Business Days. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date)).

--- Page 653 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
653 
 
Potential Cash Settlement Event means an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or Securityholder, as 
the case may be (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or restrictions in the relevant 
clearance system restricting the ability of the Issuer to Deliver to the Securityholders; or the failure to obtain any 
requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans or any relevant participation (in the case of Direct Loan 
Participation) is not effected; or due to any law, regulation or court order, including markets conditions or any 
contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or due to the 
failure of the Securityholder to provide the information specified in Credit Linked Condition 4.7 within 30 calendar 
days of the Notice Cut-off Date; or a failure of the Securityholder to open or procure the opening of such accounts 
or if the Securityholders are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations for any other 
reason).  
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement) any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention (ii) was the 
subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set 
out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding 
the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable thereto for the purposes of the Securities, (a) the Reference Obligation most 
recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Issue Date and 
otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of such Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly available 
or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding 
the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
forth in sub-sections (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference 
Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the related Final Terms 
(or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, 
The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, 
Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of 
business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the Credit Event 
or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and which:

--- Page 654 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
654 
 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than two Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or 
user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; or 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting 
in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such 
Sovereign) or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, 
facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or 
filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory 
or judicial body. 
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (ii) or (iii) of this definition is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of any type described in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) above, the entity 
receiving such information (including, without limitation, the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer) 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, 
the disclosure of such information to the entity receiving such information. 
(b) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(c) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in both paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition thereof. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in respect of an 
Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or 
regulation) pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all 
amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) 
due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and 
not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under 
the relevant governing law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit (or legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be 
discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event or circumstance, in each case other than: 
(i) 
by payment;

--- Page 655 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
655 
 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity and such provisions have 
ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such 
guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the 
guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in 
respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(i) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts, which are subject to such Fixed Cap, must 
be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
If an Obligation or Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(A) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or Deliverable Obligation Category, the 
Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that describe the 
Underlying Obligation. 
(B) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each 
of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms from the following list: Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign 
Lender, Not Domestic Currency, and Not Domestic Law. 
(C) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms 
from the following list: Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
(D) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to 
the Underlying Obligor. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no 
Qualifying Participation Seller. 
Quotation means, in respect of Reference Obligations, Valuation Obligations and Undeliverable Obligations, as 
the case may be, each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of such obligation with respect to 
a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:

--- Page 656 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
656 
 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant Valuation 
Date from five (5) or more CLS Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more such 
Full Quotations on the same CLS Business Day within three (3) CLS Business Days of a Relevant 
Valuation Date, then on the next following CLS Business Day (and, if necessary, on each CLS Business 
Day thereafter until the fifteenth CLS Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five (5) or more CLS Dealers and, if 
two (2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation on the same CLS Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth CLS Business Day following the 
applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained 
from a CLS Dealer at the Valuation Time on such fifteenth CLS Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from CLS 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such fifteenth CLS Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion 
of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be 
zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation, the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a 
currency or by reference to the Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the amount 
selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation selected 
by the Calculation Agent provided that the aggregate of all such amounts (converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the 
relevant Quotation is being obtained) shall not exceed the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount; and 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as calculated in the same manner as sub-paragraph (a) above) of such Undeliverable Obligation. 
Redemption Date means either: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if the latest date referred to in paragraph (i) or (ii) below would fall after the Scheduled Redemption Date, 
such later date, being either: 
(i) 
the date falling two (2) Business Days after the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period (or, if later, 
after the latest date on which it would be possible for the Calculation Agent to deliver a Credit 
Event Notice under paragraph (a)(ii)(B) of the definition of "Event Determination Date"); or 
(ii) 
if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the expiry of the Notice 
Delivery Period in relation to a Reference Entity, the date falling 15 Business Days following any 
date on which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that the relevant event 
does not constitute a Credit Event, or Resolves not to make such determination. 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities mean the reference entity or reference entities specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, with effect from the relevant Succession Date, any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(a) 
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on or following the 
Trade Date; or 
(b) 
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Succession Event Resolution Request Date and 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date. 
Reference Entity Spread means: 
(a) 
the lowest offer quotation received by the Calculation Agent from four dealers for a credit default swap 
on such Reference Entity with a notional amount equal to the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount

--- Page 657 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
657 
 
specified for such Reference Entity with a termination date closest to the Credit Event Cut-off Date (or the 
nearest standard maturity after the date if it is not possible to obtain at least one offer quotation); or 
(b) 
if it is not possible to obtain any offer quotation, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion but acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Reference Entity Spread Trigger has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Reference Entity Trigger has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2.7. 
Reference Obligation means, subject as provided in Credit Linked Condition 6.5, the Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any provided that, where 
"Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for 
the Reference Entity, then irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in 
the related Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to 
constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation 
has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation in 
relation to the Reference Entity and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation; 
or 
(b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or no election is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication 
of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, 
provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected 
as a Substitute Reference Obligation, 
(c) 
"LPN Reference Entity" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable to a Reference Entity, in 
which case "Reference Obligation" means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the relevant 
LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which 
list as of 10 May 2024 is available at http://www.markit.com, any Additional LPN, determined in 
accordance with the Additional LPN definition, and each Additional Obligation.  In respect of a Reference 
Entity for which "LPN Reference Entity" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Security Conditions (in particular, notwithstanding that the 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity): 
(i) 
each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference 
Obligation; 
(ii) 
Standard Reference Obligation shall not be applicable; 
(iii) 
The proviso in the definition of Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall not apply; 
(iv) 
it is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of which all 
applicable references in these Credit Linked Security Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" 
shall be construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other provisions of these 
Credit Linked Security Conditions shall be construed accordingly; and  
(v) 
The provisions relating to the Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event shall not 
be applicable to LPN Reference Obligation.

--- Page 658 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
658 
 
Reference Obligations Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics 
or, as the case may be, Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable where Reference Obligations 
Only applies. 
Reference Obligations Only CLS means Credit Linked Securities in relation to which "Reference Obligations 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation Category, if applicable, and Standard 
Reference Obligation is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may 
be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable or by the Calculation Agent when determining the Valuation Obligations, as applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the 
Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be made 
under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor make the appropriate adjustments required to take 
account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally 
effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Securities are a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of 
the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and the 
Securities are a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond 
or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same 
meaning as it would if the Securities were a Senior Transaction. 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Reference Entity, (a) Greenwich Mean Time or (b) if the Transaction 
Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Standard Japan Corporate, Standard Japan Financial Corporate or Standard 
Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time or (c) such other time (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the Settlement Valuation Date, Valuation Date or Undeliverable Valuation Date, 
as the case may be. 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount means the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable 
Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which 
is being replaced. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the relevant Issuer will, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement), Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of each original 
Deliverable Obligation, which has not been Delivered as at the date of such NOPS Amendment Notice. 
Replacement Reference Entity means an entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion which is 
incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and

--- Page 659 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
659 
 
which is of a similar or better credit quality than the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and/or by Moody's Investors Service Limited, at the date of the relevant event determined by the 
Calculation Agent leading to the Succession Event (which may include the Surviving Reference Entity) provided 
that in selecting any Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the 
Securityholders, the relevant Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria 
specified above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the Successors. In making 
any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Securityholders, the relevant Issuer or any 
other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its Affiliates, which may result directly or indirectly from 
any such selection. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market and 
at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one 
or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to 
the Credit Event Cut-off Date: 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is 
the later of: 
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; and 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect 
of such payment date); and 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date 
that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, 
provided that in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Credit Event 
Cut-off Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Redemption Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Credit Event Cut-off Date, or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that are each effective on or prior to the date 
that is 14 calendar days after the Credit Event Cut-off Date.

--- Page 660 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
660 
 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity but that such event occurred after the Credit Event Cut-off Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer 
to the Securityholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Credit 
Event Cut-off Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail 
of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the 
date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
contains 
Publicly 
Available 
Information, 
such 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Resolve has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of 
such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient 
number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise 
decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of any exchange) and such event is 
not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest 
or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other 
than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United 
States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces 
the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union;

--- Page 661 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
661 
 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is 
of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely 
available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of 
such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or 
premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a)(i) to (v) (inclusive) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described sub-paragraphs 
(a)(i) to (v) (inclusive) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity 
provided that in respect of paragraph (a)(v) only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros 
into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above and Credit Linked Condition 8.4 (Multiple Holder 
Obligation), the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in sub-paragraph (b) above shall continue to 
refer to the Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs 
(a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior 
to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of 
the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Exercise Date means the date that is 65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation Date 
occurring on or immediately following the Credit Event Cut-off Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final 
maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan 
occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan) and the Credit Event Cut-off Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either: 
(a) 
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Scheduled Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such date shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which

--- Page 662 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
662 
 
would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and 
which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall, for 
the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, constitute a Subordinated Obligation as defined below in this Credit 
Linked Condition 10 (Definitions) and it shall be deemed that there is a relevant Reference Obligation which is a 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of the definitions of "Excluded Obligation" and "Relevant Obligation" in 
this Credit Linked Condition 10 (Definitions). 
Senior Obligation means any obligation, which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Senior Transaction means Securities for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) if "Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for such Reference Entity, "Senior 
Non-Preferred Level", and (b) otherwise: (i) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (ii) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation, "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, or (iii) if no such seniority level or Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Seniority Level shall be deemed to be "Senior 
Level". 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
Settlement Method means: 
(a) 
the Auction Settlement, Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
Settlement Valuation Date means the date selected by the Calculation Agent which is not more than three (3) CLS 
Business Days prior to the date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement Date. 
Single Reference Entity CLS means Credit Linked Securities in relation to which the relevant Issuer purchases 
credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of only one (1) Reference Entity. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's payment 
obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are 
necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity, which is a Sovereign 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee): 
(a) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred; and 
(b) 
which fell within paragraph (b) of the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation 
governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.

--- Page 663 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
663 
 
Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or Nth Reference 
Entity as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice (subject to the definition of 
such term) which, for the avoidance of doubt, may where Asset Package Delivery is applicable, include any Prior 
Deliverable Obligation, Package Observable Bond or Asset Package. 
Specified Currency means, for the purposes of determining compliance with the Obligation Characteristics and 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics only an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as such in relation to a Reference Entity (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro 
is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the 
euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from 
time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level, 
which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any 
of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of successions 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
Subordinated Transaction means Credit Linked Securities for which the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar 
arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference 
Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of 
the Second Obligation or (b) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal 
payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For 
purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared, (i) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law 
or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, 
except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where 
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (ii) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was 
issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the 
Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of 
the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of 
selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. If 
"Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a 
Reference Entity, the term "Subordination" shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to 
how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the 
Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction.

--- Page 664 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
664 
 
Substitute Reference Obligation has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.4 (Substitute 
Reference Obligations). 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the Calculation 
Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below U.S.$10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution 
Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the relevant 
Substitution Event. 
Substitution Event Redemption Date means the date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice to 
Securityholders. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some or all 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the 
Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier 
(i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor would not be affected 
by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Succession Event means (i) in respect of a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the identification of any 
Successor to such Reference Entity or (ii) in respect of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign 
Succession Event. 
Successor means, in respect of a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as follows: 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (a)(vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor. 
(ii) 
If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor. 
(iii) 
If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant

--- Page 665 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
665 
 
Obligations will each be a Successor and the terms of the Securities will be amended in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event) above. 
(iv) 
If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the 
terms of the Securities will be amended in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Succession Event) above. 
(v) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any 
way as a result of such succession. 
(vi) 
If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will 
be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and the terms of the Securities will be amended 
in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 6 (Succession Event) above). 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time 
of determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity 
is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued 
or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, that entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining with effect from the Succession Date any 
Successor or Successors under paragraph (a) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make 
such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on 
the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in 
relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one or 
more Successors to a Reference Entity can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination, pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, of the identity of any 
Successor(s), may be requested at any time by the Securityholders at the specified office of the Calculation 
Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Securities in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent), 
and will be notified as part of a notice of Potential Failure to Pay or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case may be) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition on the basis of Eligible Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph 
(a)(i) to (vii) (inclusive) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (1) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date or (2) such 
entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 
January 2014;

--- Page 666 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
666 
 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the 
Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by 
way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant 
Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or 
other agreement) or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged 
for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or 
Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, succeeded and succession shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(e) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) above shall be made 
on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis 
of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(f) 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation (the 
Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (1) if the Joint 
Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having 
been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (2) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation 
as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution the 
date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is ninety 
calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the succession is 
effective which date may be determined and (b) in circumstances where (i) a Successor Resolution Request Date 
has occurred, (ii) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination and (iii) the Calculation Agent determines that the date on which the succession is effective is not 
more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention.  
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference Entity, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Surviving Reference Entity has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6.2(b). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out 
in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such 
Article may be amended or replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or were at any time) otherwise 
eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means any of the following: (a) any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; (b) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (c) any obligations of the Reference Entity which 
are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (a) and (b) above shall each (without limitation) constitute

--- Page 667 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
667 
 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated 
Obligation shall, for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation 
as defined above in this Credit Linked Condition 10 (Definitions). 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a related Credit Event, the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in respect of such Credit Event and in respect of 
which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction. 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the "Transaction Type" (as specified in the Credit 
Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended 
or supplemented as at the Trade Date and as published by ISDA, as at 10 May 2024, at http://www.isda.org) 
specified in respect of such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms.  
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, statutory 
or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A 
or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a 
similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance 
companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates and voting periods, 
and, if Transferable is specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, the Final 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic was applicable only in respect of 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans. 
Undeliverable Obligation has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 4.2 or as deemed pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 4.3.  
Undeliverable Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) CLS Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
Underlying Finance Instrument means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the Reference Entity by way of 
a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
Underlying Loan means a loan to the Reference Entity. 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, an obligation in respect of which the Reference Entity 
has agreed to pay all the amounts due thereunder. 
Underlying Obligor means, the party, which is the principal obligor of an Underlying Obligation. 
Valuation Date means, with respect to each Valuation Obligation: 
(a) 
any CLS Business Day falling within 122 CLS Business Days following the Event Determination Date, 
or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later CLS Business 
Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion); or 
(b) 
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any CLS Business Day falling within 
122 CLS Business Days following the Event Determination Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion; or 
(c) 
if Partial Cash Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the date which is 
up to fifteen CLS Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable

--- Page 668 ---
Annex 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
668 
 
the Extended Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion), 
provided the date determined for each Valuation Obligation may or may not be the same date. 
Valuation Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Credit Linked Conditions, each of (i) one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a Qualifying Guarantee or, as the case may be, Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee), which would constitute a 
"Deliverable Obligation" if Physical Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method and (ii) if Asset Package 
Delivery applies and any Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, in respect 
of the Reference Entity would constitute a "Deliverable Obligation" if Physical Settlement were the applicable 
Settlement Method, the related Asset Package (including each Asset comprised therein), in each case as selected 
by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the relevant Issuer) in its sole and absolute discretion on the 
applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose: 
(a) 
any reference to the words "Delivery Date" in the definitions of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", 
"Deliverable Obligation", within any of the terms comprising "Deliverable Obligation Category" or 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristic" and "Due and Payable Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference 
to the words "Relevant Valuation Date"; and 
(b) 
where used in this definition of "Valuation Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" is for 
convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method.  
Valuation Obligations Portfolio means the Reference Obligation and/or one or more Valuation Obligations of a 
Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion (in consultation with the relevant Issuer), each 
in an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (where for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions an Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it 
corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion provided that the aggregate of such amounts shall not exceed the relevant Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity 
or, if no time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or 
similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for each selected 
Valuation Obligation and/or Reference Obligation of a Reference Entity in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, 
weighted by the Currency Amount of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement Currency, 
converted by the Calculation Agent, in a commercially reasonable manner, by reference to exchange rates in effect 
at the time of such determination). 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the CLS Dealers, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the CLS Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation, Reference Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount (in the case of Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount or, if 
quotations of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount are not available, quotations as near in size as 
practicable to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation 
Amount.

--- Page 669 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
669 
 
ANNEX 3 – BOND LINKED CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Bond Linked Securities. It is only applicable to 
Securities that are specified to be Bond Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Bond Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions 
shall prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Bond Linked Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms 
indicate that Bond Linked Securities is applicable. These Bond Linked Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
GENERAL 
Bond Terms 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of Bond Linked Securities, being Single Bond BLSs or Basket BLSs; 
(b) 
the Settlement Method; 
(c) 
the Bond(s) and Bond Issuer; 
(d) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Redemption Date; 
(e) 
the Bond Nominal Amount in respect of each Bond; and 
(f) 
the principal amount outstanding as at the Trade Date in respect of each Bond. 
2. 
REDEMPTION 
2.1 
Redemption absent the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date 
The relevant Issuer will redeem each Bond Linked Security on the related Redemption Date (as such date may be 
extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption 
Amount (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless: 
(a) 
the Bond Linked Securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in full (including 
pursuant to Bond Linked Condition 2.4 (Early redemption following a Fair Market Value Trigger Event), 
Bond Linked Condition 2.5 (Redemption following a Merger Event) or 2.6 (Redemption following an 
Additional Disruption Event); or  
(b) 
one or more Bond Event Determination Dates have occurred, in which event the relevant Issuer shall 
redeem the proportion of each Bond Linked Security that relates to such Bond Event Determination 
Date(s) in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.2 (Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond 
Event Determination Date) provided that, in each case, any proportion of each Bond Linked Security that 
is not so redeemed shall redeem on the related Redemption Date (as such date may be extended in 
accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up) of such Bond Linked 
Security (together with interest, if any, payable thereon). 
2.2 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date 
Subject to Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs), upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date in 
relation to any Bond, each Bond Linked Security will be subject to redemption:

--- Page 670 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
670 
 
(a) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical Settlement", in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 
4 (Physical Settlement); and 
(b) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is "Cash Settlement", in whole or in part, by payment on the relevant 
Cash Settlement Date of an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to (i) such Bond Linked Security's 
pro rata share of the Realisable Amount minus (ii) such Bond Linked Security's pro rata share of the 
Hedge Amount (if applicable). 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Bond, the proportion of each Bond Linked Security to be redeemed in 
respect of such Bond Event shall equal the proportion of the outstanding Bond Nominal Amount being partially 
redeemed. 
Any partial redemption shall occur in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.8. 
2.3 
Basket BLSs 
If the Bond Linked Securities are Basket BLSs, then the provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions relating to 
redemption of Bond Linked Securities following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date, extension of 
maturity of Bond Linked Securities on delivery of an Extension Notice, cessation or suspension of accrual of interest 
or accrual and payment of interest following the Scheduled Redemption Date shall apply to each Bond Linked 
Security with respect to each Bond separately and to such Bond Linked Security's pro rata share of the relevant 
Bond Nominal Amount. As a result, the Bond Linked Securities will be redeemed in part in respect of each such 
Bond Event, such part to be determined by reference to the proportion that the Bond Nominal Amount of the 
affected Bond has to the aggregate Bond Nominal Amounts of such Bond and all the Bonds in respect of which a 
Bond Event has yet to occur. The remaining provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
2.4 
Early redemption following a Fair Market Value Trigger Event 
If Fair Market Value Trigger is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Fair Market Value Trigger Event, the Bond Linked Securities may be redeemed at the Fair Market Value 
Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, and, in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), the Securityholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable). The Fair Market Value Trigger need not be continuing at the time any notice is delivered under 
this Bond Linked Condition 2.4.  
Bond Linked Securities redeemed pursuant to this Bond Linked Condition 2.4 will be redeemed at their Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount.  
For the purpose of this Bond Linked Condition 2.4, Fair Market Value Trigger Event means that, on any day, 
the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount expressed as a percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of a Bond 
Linked Security of the relevant Series would, assuming that such Series of Bond Linked Securities would be 
redeemed in full on such day at the applicable Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, be less than or equal to the 
"Fair Market Value Trigger" specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent in is 
sole and absolute discretion. 
2.5 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If this Bond Linked Condition 2.5 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, a Merger Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may give notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) and redeem all but not some only of the Bond 
Linked Securities at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined in accordance with General Condition 
6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) on the Merger Event Redemption Date or, if the applicable Settlement Method is 
"Physical Settlement", in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement).

--- Page 671 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
671 
 
2.6 
Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer may 
redeem all, but not some of, the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices). If the Securities are so redeemed, the relevant Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in 
respect of each Security as shall be determined to be the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount (determined in 
accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts)) or, if the applicable Settlement Method is "Physical 
Settlement", the Securities will be redeemed in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement).  
2.7 
Suspension of Obligations 
If a Potential Failure to Pay occurs with respect to a Bond, then (unless the relevant Issuer otherwise elects by notice 
to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders), from the date of such Potential Failure to Pay any obligation of 
the relevant Issuer to redeem any Bond Linked Security (including pursuant to Bond Linked Condition 2.2 
(Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date)) or pay any amount of interest which 
would otherwise be due thereon shall, insofar as it relates to the relevant Bond, be and remain suspended until such 
time as the Calculation Agent determines either that a Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to such Bond or the 
relevant Potential Failure to Pay has been cured. 
The Issuer will give notice to the Securityholders of any such suspension in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) within 14 days of becoming aware of the same. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Potential Failure to Pay has been cured, then all obligations 
of the relevant Issuer that have been suspended in accordance with this Bond Linked Condition 2.7 shall resume 
and shall be paid to the holders of the Bond Linked Securities no later than three Business Days following the 
Calculation Agent making such determination. 
Where payment of interest or nominal is suspended in accordance with this Bond Linked Condition 2.7, no interest 
shall accrue on such interest or nominal. 
2.8 
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Bond Linked Securities are partially redeemed, the relevant Bond Linked Securities or, if the Bond Linked 
Securities are represented by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial 
redemption. Accordingly, upon such partial redemption, the outstanding nominal amount of each Security shall be 
reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest thereon) accordingly. In the case of Partly Paid Securities, 
the outstanding nominal amount of each Security shall be the aggregate amount paid up.  
Redemption of any Bond Linked Security in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2 (Redemption), together 
with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant portion of the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer in relation thereto. 
Any amount payable under Bond Linked Condition 2 (Redemption) shall be rounded downwards to the nearest sub-
unit of the relevant currency. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date in respect of any Bond Linked Securities, 
interest on such Bond Linked Securities (or the relevant portion thereof that is subject to a Bond Event, as 
applicable, or, in the case of Basket BLSs, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with 
Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs) )shall cease to accrue with effect from and including ,the 
Interest Period Date immediately preceding the relevant Bond Event Determination Date (or ,in 
the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the accrual of interest on the portion (if any) of each Bond Linked Security that is not subject to 
such Bond Event shall not be affected.

--- Page 672 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
672 
 
(b) 
Upon the Calculation Agent determining that a Merger Event or Additional Disruption Event has occurred 
in respect of any Bond Linked Securities, interest on such Bond Linked Securities shall cease to accrue 
with effect from and including, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such determination.  
3.2 
Interest following Scheduled Redemption 
Notwithstanding Bond Linked Condition 3.1 (Cessation of Interest Accrual), each Bond Linked Security shall only 
accrue interest up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Redemption Date. 
3.3 
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Bond Linked Securities are redeemed early, in whole or in part, pursuant to a Bond Event, Merger Event or 
Additional Disruption Event, the Scheduled Redemption Date, the Redemption Date (if not the Scheduled 
Redemption Date), the Cash Settlement Date or the Delivery Date(s), as the case may be, shall not be Interest 
Payment Dates in respect of each Bond Linked Security (or the relevant portion thereof that is subject to a Bond 
Event, as applicable, or, in the case of Basket BLSs, the relevant portion thereof determined in accordance with 
Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs)). 
4. 
PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
4.1 
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Bond Linked Security, then, upon the occurrence of a Bond Event 
Determination Date or the Calculation Agent determining that a Merger Event or Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred, the relevant Issuer, or any third party appointed at its discretion, shall, on or prior to the related Physical 
Settlement Date and subject to Bond Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, 
Impracticality or Illegality), Bond Linked Condition 4.3 (Non-Delivery of Bonds) and Bond Linked Condition 4.6 
(Asset Transfer Notice), redeem such Bond Linked Security or, in the case of Basket BLSs, the relevant portion 
thereof determined in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.3 (Basket BLSs), respectively, by:  
(a) 
delivering a pro rata share of the Bond equal to the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(b) 
paying such Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount; 
and  
(c) 
if the Hedge Amount is expressed as a negative number, paying such Security's pro rata portion of the 
absolute value of such Hedge Amount. 
4.2 
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, impossible, 
impractical (including, without limitation, due to the relevant Issuer receiving insufficient or incorrect account or 
transfer information) or illegal for the relevant Issuer to Deliver or, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant 
Issuer or any Securityholder, it is in the opinion of the Calculation Agent impossible, impractical or illegal for the 
relevant Issuer or the relevant Securityholder to accept Delivery of all the Bonds on the related Physical Settlement 
Date, then on such date the relevant Issuer shall Deliver any of the Bonds for which it is possible, practicable and 
legal to take Delivery. If any Undeliverable Bonds have not been Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to Bond and, accordingly, the 
relevant Issuer shall pay the relevant Securityholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant Securityholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.3 
Non-Delivery of Bonds 
If the relevant Issuer does not Deliver any Bond other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated in 
Bond Linked Condition 4.2 (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility, Impracticality or Illegality), such failure 
shall not constitute an event of default for the purpose of the Securities and the relevant Issuer may continue to 
attempt to Deliver the Bond until the Extended Physical Settlement Date.

--- Page 673 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
673 
 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, the relevant Bond has not been Delivered, then Partial 
Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such Bond and the relevant Issuer shall pay to the Securityholders an 
amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the Securityholders on 
the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
4.4 
Rounding 
If the principal amount outstanding of the Bond to be Delivered in respect of each Bond Linked Security to be 
redeemed pursuant to this Bond Linked Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) on any occasion is not equal to an 
authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of such Bonds then the Bond Nominal Amount of the Bond 
to be Delivered will be rounded down so that the principal amount outstanding of the Bond being Delivered is equal 
to the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero. In such circumstances, the Bonds 
that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the relevant Issuer or such 
other agent as may be appointed by the relevant Issuer for such purpose and, if they are so sold, the relevant Issuer 
shall make payment in respect of each Bond Linked Security in an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related 
net sale proceeds as soon as reasonably practicable following receipt thereof. 
4.5 
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Bond pursuant to the provisions of this Bond Linked Condition 4 shall be made in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the relevant Issuer shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for 
such Delivery. Subject as set out in the definition of "Deliver", all expenses including, without limitation, any 
applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other 
taxes or duties (together Delivery Expenses) arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical Settlement 
Amount shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Physical 
Settlement Amount shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Delivery 
Agent by the relevant Securityholder. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Bonds shall be delayed until all expenses relating to such Delivery or transfer payable 
by the Securityholders have been paid to the satisfaction of the relevant Issuer. 
4.6 
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Securityholder will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to it in this Bond Linked 
Condition 4 upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date unless it has complied with Bond Linked 
Condition 4.7 (Physical Settlement Procedures). For so long as the Bond Linked Securities are held in any clearing 
system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of the Securityholder containing the information 
required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset Transfer Notice. For as long as Securities are 
represented by a Global Security, surrender of Bond Linked Securities for such purpose will be effected by 
presentation of the Global Security and its endorsement to note the nominal amount of Bond Linked Securities to 
which the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
4.7 
Physical Settlement Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
Subject to (g) below in respect of Bond Linked Securities that are CMU Securities, if any Bond Linked 
Security falls to be redeemed and Physical Settlement is specified to be the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Delivery of Bonds in respect of the Physical Settlement Amount shall be in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws and the provisions set out in this Bond Linked Condition 
4.7. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Physical Settlement Amount, the relevant Securityholder shall (or shall 
procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar relationship in respect 
of the Securities shall on its behalf), (I) at least three (3) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (II) such lesser number of 
Business Days determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion and notified to Securityholders in 
respect of the relevant Series of Securities, in each case prior to the Physical Settlement Date:

--- Page 674 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
674 
 
(A) 
if the Bond Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a notice to 
DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy 
to any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and the relevant Issuer, via the 
EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor system (a EUCLID Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Bond Linked Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression shall, for the 
purposes of this Bond Linked Condition 4.7, include Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all 
unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5 
(Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each of a EUCLID Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, is referred to herein 
as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The EUCLID Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person from whom 
the Delivery Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of the Physical Settlement 
Amount; 
(B) 
specify the number of Bond Linked Securities which are the subject of such notice and 
the number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, to be debited with such Bond Linked Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such Bond Linked 
Securities on the date on which such Bond Linked Securities are redeemed in accordance 
with Bond Linked Condition 4.1 (Delivery and payment); 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification that whether it is a U.S. person, or a person 
acting on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Delivery Agent may obtain 
details for Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings; and 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Bond Linked 
Securities, which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Bond Linked Securities 
specified therein represented by a Global Security will be effected by DTC and/or Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 675 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
675 
 
(vii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and delivered 
as provided in this Bond Linked Condition 4.7 shall be made by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, after consultation with the Delivery Agent 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Issuer and the relevant Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the relevant Issuer and others 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Bond Linked Securities in definitive form) 
the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Bond Linked Securities referred to therein 
according to its books. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Bond Linked Security, the Physical Settlement Amount will 
be Delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Delivery Agent shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such delivery on the Physical 
Settlement Date for the Bond Linked Securities, provided that the relevant Bond Linked Security in 
definitive form and the Notice are delivered not later than the close of business in Luxembourg on the date 
(the Notice Cut-Off Date) which is five (5) Business Days (or such other number of Business Days as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) before the Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Delay or Failure to Deliver Notice 
If the Notice and, in the case of Bond Linked Securities in definitive form, the Definitive Security to which 
such Notice relates, are delivered to the relevant Issuer later than close of business on the Notice Cut-Off 
Date, then the Physical Settlement Amount will be delivered as soon as practicable after the due date for 
redemption of the Bond Linked Securities, at the risk of such Securityholder. 
For the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to Bond Linked Condition 4.1(b) and 4.1(c), such 
Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment or other assets, whether of interest or otherwise, in the 
event of the Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount falling after the due date for redemption of the 
Bond Linked Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Bond Linked Condition 4.7 or otherwise due to 
circumstances beyond the control of the relevant Issuer. 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to validly deliver a Notice, or procure that a notice is validly delivered 
on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or delivers a Notice, or procures that a Notice is 
delivered, on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the Notice Cut-Off Date or, in 
the case of Bond Linked Securities in definitive form, fails to deliver the Definitive Security related 
thereto, or procure that such Definitive Security is delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in 
Bond Linked Condition 4.5 (Delivery and Fees), the relevant Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation 
in respect of such Bond Linked Security and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in 
respect thereof. 
(d) 
Delivery at risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholder shall be at the 
risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Securityholder where the 
Physical Settlement Amount is delivered after its due date in circumstances beyond the control of either 
the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent. 
(e) 
No further liability of Issuer 
After delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount by the relevant Issuer to a Securityholder pursuant to 
this Bond Linked Condition 4.7 but prior to the time when the Securityholder (or its designee) becomes 
the holder of the relevant Bond (the Intervening Period), neither the relevant Issuer nor its agent or 
nominee shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver to such Securityholder or any subsequent beneficial 
owner of such relevant Bond any letter, note, notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder of such

--- Page 676 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
676 
 
relevant Bond, (ii) exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such relevant Bond 
during the Intervening Period nor be under any obligation to exercise any such rights during the 
Intervening Period (either on its own behalf or on behalf of any Securityholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such relevant Bond), or (iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of such relevant Bond in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Securityholder or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or 
indirectly, of the relevant Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered during such Intervening Period 
as legal owner of such relevant Bond. 
(f) 
Escrow 
If Escrow is specified in relation to a Bond as applicable, either the relevant Issuer or any Securityholder 
may require that Physical Settlement take place through the use of an Escrow Agent (in the case of any 
such request by a Securityholder, solely in relation to the Securities held by such Securityholder). Any 
costs or expenses incurred in connection with establishing such escrow arrangement shall be borne by the 
relevant Securityholder. 
(g) 
CMU Securities 
In relation to any Bond Linked Securities that are CMU Securities for which Physical Settlement is 
specified to be the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, any Delivery of Bonds in respect of 
the Physical Settlement Amount for such Bond Linked Securities shall not follow the procedure set out in 
this Bond Linked Condition 4.7, and the procedure that shall apply for such Delivery shall be in accordance 
with the rules of the CMU, and as agreed with the Hong Kong Paying Agent and the relevant Issuer, and 
set out in the applicable Final Terms for such Bond Linked Securities. 
5. 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS RELATING TO BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
5.1 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other 
matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, 
formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Bond Linked Conditions shall be final and binding 
on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Securityholders in accordance with the General 
Conditions. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues 
of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Bond Linked Securities including, 
without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any 
later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable) shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability 
in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
5.2 
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Bond Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available Information 
from the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer shall inform, or shall procure that the Calculation Agent informs 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
5.3 
Bond Nominal Amount 
The Realisable Amount or Physical Settlement Amount, as the case may be, is determined by reference to the Bond 
Nominal Amount, subject as set out below. At the time of such determination, the principal amount outstanding of 
the Bond may not be equal to the Bond Nominal Amount due to a redemption, writedown, accretion or other event 
relating to the Bond in accordance with its terms and, as a result, such principal amount outstanding will be the 
amount which is realised, Delivered or otherwise valued in connection with the calculation of the Realisable 
Amount or Physical Settlement Amount.

--- Page 677 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
677 
 
Securityholders shall not be entitled to any return in respect of the difference between such principal amount 
outstanding and the Bond Nominal Amount as a result thereof provided that where there has been an Exchange 
Event or the Bonds have been redeemed in whole or in part, in each case in the period from, and including, the 
Trade Date to, but excluding the Extension Date, the Realisable Amount or Physical Settlement Amount, as the 
case may be, will take into account such redemption or Exchange Event, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
5.4 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Bond Linked Condition 5.2 (Delivery of Notices) above which is delivered at or prior to 
5:00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered after such time or on 
a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next following London Business Day. 
6. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Bond Linked Conditions: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, 
in each case unless disapplied in the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First 
Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent fee), 
right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the relevant 
Bond Issuer or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where 
the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference to 
an appropriate specialist valuation or pricing source or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Asset Transfer Notice has the meaning given to such term in Bond Linked Asset Condition 4.7 (Physical 
Settlement Procedures). 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Exchange Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received or retained by 
a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Exchange Event. If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of 
Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant 
Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Basket BLS means Bond Linked Securities, which are linked to more than one Bond, as, specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
BLS Business Day means, in respect of any Bond, a day on which commercial banking and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places specified for that purpose with respect to such 
Bond, a T2 Settlement Day (if "T2 Settlement Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms for that purpose), or, 
if a place or places are not so specified, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settlement payments in the jurisdiction of the currency of the related Bond Linked Security and 
the Bond Nominal Amount. 
BLS Dealer means (a) a dealer in obligations of the type of Bond for which quotations are to be obtained (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include the Calculation Agent or its Affiliate and a Securityholder or 
its Affiliate or (b) such other dealer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond means the obligation specified as such in the Final Terms (by identifying, amongst other things, its ISIN or 
other securities identification number, principal amount on issue and any applicable rate of interest) with the Bond 
Nominal Amount specified in the Final Terms provided that, for the purposes of determining the Realisable Amount

--- Page 678 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
678 
 
or Physical Settlement Amount, as the case may be, (a) upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event in the period 
from, and including, the Trade Date to, but excluding, the Extension Date, the Asset Package which the Calculation 
Agent determines a holder of the Bond (a Relevant Holder) would have received had it held the Bond with the 
Bond Nominal Amount specified in the Final Terms shall be deemed to form part of the Bond and (b) to the extent 
the Bond in an amount equal to the Bond Nominal Amount is redeemed in whole or in part in the period from, and 
including, the Trade Date to, but excluding, the Extension Date, the term "Bond" shall include a sum of money 
equivalent to the proceeds of such redemption which the Calculation Agent determines the Issuer would have 
received had it held the Bond with such Bond Nominal Amount. 
Bond Currency means the currency or currencies in which a Bond is denominated. 
Bond Event means, in respect of a Bond, the occurrence during the period from, and including, the Trade Date to, 
and including, the Extension Date of one or more of: 
(a) 
a Failure to Pay; 
(b) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium; 
(c) 
a Restructuring; 
(d) 
a Writedown; 
(e) 
the Bond has become capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event (howsoever described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as at the Trade 
Date), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under the Bond; 
(f) 
the Bond has become due and payable before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, 
or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as at the Trade Date), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under the Bond; and 
(g) 
the Bond is redeemed in part or in full for any reason prior to its scheduled maturity date (other than for 
the reason set out in sub-paragraph (f) above), 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence will constitute a Bond Event whether 
or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond; 
(ii) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Bond, 
however described; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial 
body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
however described; or 
(iv) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of any Bond Event, a date on or before the Extension Date, on 
which both a Bond Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to the relevant 
Issuer and by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders. 
Bond Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be in writing (including 
by facsimile and/or email and/or by telephone) to the relevant Issuer that describes:

--- Page 679 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
679 
 
(a) 
a Bond Event that occurred on or after the Trade Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and 
on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); 
(b) 
if applicable, the Bond Nominal Amount or portion thereof being redeemed; and 
(c) 
the portion of the Bond Linked Securities to be redeemed (which, in the case of a partial redemption of 
the Bond Nominal Amount, shall be in proportion to the portion thereof so redeemed).  
A Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that 
a Bond Event has occurred. The Bond Event that is the subject of the Bond Event Notice need not be continuing on 
the date the Bond Event Notice is effective. 
For the avoidance of doubt, more than one Bond Event Notice can be delivered in respect of the Securities. 
Bond Issuer means, the party which is the actual obligor of a Bond, as specified in the Final Terms, and any 
successor to such entity, which becomes the obligor under the Bond. 
Bond Nominal Amount means, in respect of each Bond, the principal amount in the Bond Currency of such Bond 
specified in the Final Terms, subject to Bond Linked Condition 5.3. 
Cash Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.2(b) (Redemption 
following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date). 
Cash Settlement Date means either: 
(a) 
if "Settlement at Maturity" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is 
not specified, three (3) Business Days) immediately following the determination by the Calculation Agent 
of the Realisable Amount and the Hedge Amount; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the later of (i) the Scheduled Redemption Date and (ii) three (3) Business Days after 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the Realisable Amount and the Hedge Amount. 
Change in Law means, unless Change in Law is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that, on 
or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof 
if occurring more than once, the relevant Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(a) 
it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities or it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of (i) any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Securities or (ii) the Bond; or 
(b) 
it is unable to receive payments from, or on behalf of, the Bond Issuer or to transfer such amounts to a 
third party; or 
(c) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect 
of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining the Securities in issue or in holding, acquiring 
or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Securities. 
Currency Rate means with respect to a Bond, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the 
currency in which such Bond is denominated. The relevant rate shall be the rate displayed on the Currency Screen 
Page at the Currency Specified Time or, if no such Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or such Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant rate shall be the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate.

--- Page 680 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
680 
 
Currency Specified Time means the specified time specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
determining the relevant exchange rate. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable Bond (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary 
actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Bond, to the relevant Issuer or the Securityholders, as 
the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without limitation, 
any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence as set out in the definition of "Bond Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the Bond Issuer. Delivered and Delivery will be construed accordingly. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Bond, the date such Bond is Delivered. 
Escrow Agent means an independent third party financial institution (a) specified by the relevant Issuer prior to 
the Physical Settlement Date or (b) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to the terms of the 
escrow arrangement. 
Exchange Event means the Calculation Agent has determined that a Bond has been converted in whole or in part 
into, or exchanged for, any other asset or assets (howsoever described). 
Extended Physical Settlement Date means the number of BLS Business Days specified in the Final Terms 
following the Physical Settlement Date and if such number is not so specified, such date as the Calculation Agent 
may determine in its absolute discretion provided that such date falls no later than the 120th BLS Business Day 
following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such determination, such 120th BLS Business Day and 
provided further that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the Bond may not be received by the relevant 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates on or before the Extended Physical Settlement Date but the relevant Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates may, in accordance with the terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or otherwise obtain the 
Bond in lieu thereof on or before the date falling three (3) BLS Business Days after the Extended Physical 
Settlement Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up to three (3) BLS Business Days after the 
original Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Calculation Agent may determine, in its 
absolute discretion. 
Extension Date means the later of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, such other date falling 
such number of calendar or Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding 
the Scheduled Redemption Date); and 
(b) 
the third BLS Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
Failure to Pay is an applicable Bond Event in relation to any Bond; 
(ii) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to such Bond; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (b) of the definition thereof. 
Extension Notice means a notice from the relevant Issuer to the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders giving 
notice of the following in relation to a Bond: 
(a) 
without prejudice to sub-paragraph (b) below, that a Bond Event has occurred or may occur on or prior to 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time). 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, 
any payments under the Bond in accordance with the terms of such Bond at the time of such failure. The amount 
due shall be determined without regard to the effect of any provisions (howsoever described) of the Bond which:

--- Page 681 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
681 
 
(a) 
permits the limitation of due payments or distribution of funds in accordance with the terms of the Bond 
or that provide for the extinguishing or reduction of such payments or distributions; 
(b) 
allows for a writedown of principal or interest without payment of such amounts to the holders of the 
Bond; 
(c) 
permit the limitation of due payments to distribution of funds available from the proceeds of certain assets 
or which provide for the capitalisation or deferral of interest and/or principal on the Bond or that provide 
for extinguishing or reduction of such payments or distributions; 
(d) 
impose a weighted average coupon cap (howsoever described) whereby the interest rate or entitlement is 
limited, decreased or increased and the terms of the Bond do not provide for any interest shortfall arising 
as a result of such provision to be deferred, capitalised or otherwise compensated for at any future time; 
or 
(e) 
allow the Bond Issuer not to gross up any amount due in respect of such Bond where the Bond Issuer has 
been required to withhold or deduct an amount from such sum on account of tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted in any jurisdiction. 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the BLS Dealers, each firm quotation 
obtained from a BLS Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for the Quotation Amount 
of the Bond or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Bond. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a Bond Issuer or of the 
jurisdiction of organisation of the relevant Bond Issuer. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b), the applicable grace period with respect to payments under the relevant Bond 
under the terms of such Bond in effect as of the date as of which such Bond is issued; and 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the 
relevant Bond, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time) and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire 
on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time), the Grace 
Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Bond and if 
a place or places are not so specified, in the jurisdiction of the currency of the Bond. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to a Bond in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Redemption Date (determined by reference 
to the Relevant Time), 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
Hedge Amount means: 
(a) 
if "One-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without 
duplication) all costs, expenses (including loss of funding), tax, and duties incurred by the relevant Issuer 
(and/or its Affiliates on its behalf) in connection with the redemption of the Bond Linked Securities and/or

--- Page 682 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
682 
 
the termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction on or around the Bond Event 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
if "Two-Way Hedge Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency (which may be expressed as a positive number or a negative number) determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs and gains incurred by the relevant 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates on its behalf in connection with the redemption in whole or in part of the Bond 
Linked Securities and/or the termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Transaction (in each 
case, either in whole or in part) on or around a Bond Event Determination Date (where a cost will be 
expressed as a positive number and a gain as a negative number); or 
(c) 
if Hedge Amount is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
Hedging Disruption means, unless Hedging Disruption is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk including 
but not limited to the currency risk of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if applicable), in issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the relevant Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the relevant Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or 
in part) in respect of the Bond Linked Securities (including, without limitation, any rate swap transaction, swap 
option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, 
interest rate option, currency transaction, asset swap transaction, credit derivative transaction, funding transaction 
such as, but not limited to, an internal funding arrangement or a repurchase transaction or bond position). Solely 
with respect to and for purpose of any Hedge Transactions that are credit derivative transactions, the relevant Issuer 
will be "Seller". 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless Increased Cost of Hedging is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or any of their respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, (if 
applicable), in issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, (if applicable) 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of an Exchange Event, the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of partial cash settlement due to a Potential Cash 
Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date (or any earlier date designated by the 
Calculation Agent following any determination by the Calculation Agent that the relevant Issuer, or the Delivery 
Agent on its behalf, is or will be unable to or it will be impractical for the relevant Issuer or the Delivery Agent on 
its behalf to Deliver all or any portion of the Bonds). 
London Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open 
to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London. 
Make-Whole Amount means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms:

--- Page 683 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
683 
 
(a) 
the excess of (i) the sum of the present values of each remaining scheduled payment of principal and 
interest on the Bonds to be redeemed (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption), discounted 
to the redemption date on a basis and at a rate (including spread (if any)) determined by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner over (ii) the principal amount of such Bonds; or 
(b) 
as otherwise set out in the Final Terms (whether expressed as an amount or a method to determine such 
amount (where any such amount determined by a method set out in the Final Terms will be determined by 
Calculation Agent). 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Redemption Date the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) consolidates or amalgamates with, 
or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Bond Issuer, or (if applicable) the Guarantor and 
a Bond Issuer or the relevant Issuer and a Bond Issuer become Affiliates. 
Merger Event Redemption Date means the date specified by the relevant Issuer in the notice to Securityholders. 
Notice Cut-Off Date has the meaning set out in Bond Linked Condition 4.7(b) (Procedure by the relevant Issuer 
and others). 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may 
be by telephone) to the relevant Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the 
Bond Event, as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice. The notice must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such 
Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Officer's Certification means a note signed by a director (or other substantively equivalent title) of the relevant 
Issuer which shall certify the occurrence of a Bond Event with respect to a Bond. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount means, where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the Realisable Amount determined for the Undeliverable 
Bond. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date means, in relation to an Undeliverable Bond, the date falling three (3) BLS Business 
Days after the determination of the Realisable Value of such Undeliverable Bond or such other date falling such 
number of BLS Business Days after the determination of the Realisable Amount as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Physical Settlement means the settlement method in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 2.2(a) (Redemption 
following the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date). 
Physical Settlement Adjustment means a reduction to the Bonds which would otherwise have been Delivered in 
accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4.1 (Delivery and payment) by an amount of Bonds having a liquidation 
value in the Settlement Currency equal to the Hedge Amount (if the Hedge Amount is a positive number, 
representing an amount payable by the relevant Issuer or its Affiliates in connection with the termination, settlement 
or re-hedge of any Hedge Transaction) rounded upwards to the nearest whole denomination of a Bond, such amount 
to be determined by the Calculation Agent. Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Hedge Amount is not 
applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount means an amount (if any) equal to the absolute value of the 
difference between the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation value in the Settlement Currency of 
such whole number of Bonds as are not required to be Delivered by the relevant Issuer by way of compensation for 
any Hedge Amount. 
Physical Settlement Amount means, in respect of any Bond, the Bond, as adjusted by any Physical Settlement 
Adjustment. 
Physical Settlement Date means the later of: (a) the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following 
the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date or the determination by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence

--- Page 684 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
684 
 
of Merger Event or Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, as specified in relation to a Bond (b) the date 
on which the Hedge Amount has been determined. 
Physical Settlement Period means the number of BLS Business Days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a 
number of BLS Business Days is not so specified, then the longest number of BLS Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with then current market practice of such Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Potential Cash Settlement Event means an event beyond the control of the relevant Issuer (including, without 
limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding 
markets conditions or any contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Bond, or due 
to the failure of the Securityholder to give the relevant Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or a failure of the 
Securityholder to open or procure the opening of such accounts or if the Securityholders are unable to accept 
Delivery of the portfolio of Bonds for any other reason). 
Potential Failure to Pay means an event which would be a Failure to Pay with respect to a Bond save for a grace 
period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of a grace period applicable to such Bond, in accordance 
with the terms of such Bond at the time of such event. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if a source is not so specified in the Final Terms, each of Bloomberg Service, Dow Jones Telerate Service, 
Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow Jones News Wire, Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Nihon Keizai 
Shinbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial Times, Les Echos and The Australian Financial Review (and 
successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Bond is organised and any 
other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Bond Event, as applicable, described in a Bond Event Notice has occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in the number of Public Sources specified in the Final Terms, regardless of whether 
the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information provided that, if either the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of their respective Affiliates is cited as 
the sole source of such information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly Available 
Information unless either the Calculation Agent or the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any 
of their Affiliates is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond; 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) a Bond Issuer (or a Sovereign Agency in respect of a 
Bond which is a Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying 
agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond Issuer; 
(c) 
is received from the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their Affiliates as the sole holder of the Bond with 
respect to which a Bond Event has occurred; or 
(d) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding against or by the Bond Issuer 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; or 
(e) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, 
tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body. 
In the event that the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Affiliate thereof is: 
(i) 
the sole source of information in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond; or

--- Page 685 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
685 
 
(ii) 
the sole holder of the Bond with respect to which a Bond Event has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver to the relevant Issuer an Officer's Certification. 
In relation to any information of any type described in sub-paragraphs (b) to (e) above, the Calculation Agent may 
assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party disclosing such information has not taken any 
action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Bond Issuer or any Affiliate of the Bond Issuer that 
would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties. 
Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence: 
(A) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(B) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Bond Events. 
Quotation means, in respect of a Bond or an Undeliverable Bond, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the 
Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as an amount payable for the Quotation Amount, with respect 
to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant Valuation 
Date from three (3) or more BLS Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two (2) or more 
such Full Quotations on the same BLS Business Day within three (3) BLS Business Days of a Relevant 
Valuation Date, then on the next following BLS Business Day (and, if necessary, on each BLS Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth BLS Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from three (3) or more BLS Dealers and, if two 
(2) or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two (2) or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same BLS 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth BLS Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date 
the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a BLS Dealer at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth BLS Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any 
firm quotations for the Bond obtained from BLS Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth BLS Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were 
obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which 
firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
(b) 
If: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Quotations, 
such Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Quotations, 
such Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of Quotations, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on then current 
market practice in the market of the Bond, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, all Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this 
determination; 
(iv) 
any Quotation obtained is expressed by a BLS Dealer as a percentage, the Calculation Agent 
shall, for the purposes hereof, determine what such Quotation would be if expressed as an amount 
payable for the Quotation Amount; and 
(v) 
an Exchange Event has occurred, for the purposes of determining a Quotation in respect of the 
original Bond (to the extent applicable) the Quotation Amount shall be reduced by the Calculation 
Agent (acting in its sole discretion) so that it reflects the proportion of the Bond Nominal Amount 
of the Bond, which has not been affected by the Exchange Event.

--- Page 686 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
686 
 
Quotation Amount means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Bond or portion thereof, the Bond Nominal Amount or portion thereof at the time of the 
Relevant Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Bond or portion thereof, the Bond Nominal Amount or 
portion thereof relating to such Undeliverable Bond (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
Realisable Amount means the realisable value of the Bond or the Undeliverable Bond (or, in each case, the portion 
thereof), as relevant, determined by the Calculation Agent as being the highest Quotation obtained by the 
Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance with the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant 
Valuation Date and expressed in the Settlement Currency using, if applicable a conversion rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the Currency Rate provided that: 
(a) 
in relation to a Bond that takes the form in whole or in part of cash (including, if specified in the Final 
Terms as applicable, any Make-Whole Amount), the Realisable Amount for such portion of the Bond 
which related to cash shall be equal to the amount of the cash expressed in the Settlement Currency using, 
if applicable, a conversion rate determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Currency Rate; 
and 
(b) 
in relation to a Bond that has been the subject of an Exchange Event, the Realisable Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, by reference to such 
pricing sources as it deems appropriate in the circumstances and, in the case of the Asset Package, by 
reference to the Asset Market Value of each Asset in the Asset Package. 
Redemption Date means the later of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
the date falling three (3) Business Days after the Extension Date. 
Relevant Time means with respect to any Bond, Greenwich Mean Time or, where the Reference Entity is 
incorporated in Japan, Tokyo time or, where the Reference Entity is incorporated in the United States, New York 
time or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Valuation Date means the Valuation Date or Undeliverable Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means an authorised officer of a Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority: 
(a) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, the Bond; or 
(b) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to the Bond. 
Restructuring means the Calculation Agent has determined that, with respect to a Bond, any one or more of the 
following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Bond, is agreed between the Bond Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Bond to bind all holders of such Bond or is 
announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of 
such Bond (including by way of exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Bond in effect as of the Trade Date: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of nominal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) 
the payment of nominal or premium;

--- Page 687 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
687 
 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of the Bond, causing the Subordination of such Bond to any 
other obligation; 
(e) 
the exchange or conversion of the Bond into any other form of security or asset (howsoever described); or 
(f) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest, nominal or premium to any other 
currency.  
Scheduled Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such date shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no currency is so 
specified in the Final Terms, the currency of the Bond Linked Securities. 
Settlement Method means: 
(a) 
Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Cash Settlement. 
Single Bond BLS means Bond Linked Securities, which are linked to a single Bond. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority (including without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Agency means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
Subordination means, with respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond 
Issuer to which such Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (a) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Bond Issuer, 
claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated 
Obligation or (b) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in 
respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is otherwise 
in default under the Senior Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which 
it is being compared, the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Bond means a Bond, or portion of that Bond, which, on the Physical Settlement Date for such Bond, 
the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without limitation, failure by the Securityholder to 
deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order 
or market conditions) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Physical Settlement Date. 
Undeliverable Valuation Date means the date that is five (5) BLS Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Date means any BLS Business Day falling within the number of BLS Business Days specified in the 
Final Terms or if no such BLS Business Days are specified, within 122 BLS Business Days following the Bond 
Event Determination Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified in relation to a Bond or, if no time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal trading market for the relevant Bond or Undeliverable Bond, as the case may be. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the BLS Dealers, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the BLS Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for a face amount of the Bond or Undeliverable Bond, as the case may be, of as large a size as

--- Page 688 ---
Annex 3 – Bond Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
688 
 
available but less than the Quotation Amount that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation 
Amount. 
Writedown means the occurrence at any time on or after the Trade Date of: 
(a) 
a writedown or applied loss (however described in the terms of the Bond) resulting in a reduction in the 
amount payable on any payment date (other than as a result of a scheduled or unscheduled payment of 
principal); 
(b) 
the attribution of a principal deficiency or realised loss (however described under the Bond) to the Bond 
resulting in a reduction or subordination of the current interest payable on the Bond; 
(c) 
the forgiveness of any amount of principal by the holders of the Bond pursuant to an amendment to the 
terms of the Bond resulting in a reduction in the amount payable on any payment date; or 
(d) 
the Calculation Agent otherwise determines that there has been an implied writedown of principal or 
interest in respect of the Bond.

--- Page 689 ---
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
689 
 
ANNEX 4 – ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Alternative Currency Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Alternative Currency Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Alternative Currency Conditions) shall apply to the Securities in respect of which 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that "Alternative Currency Conditions" are applicable. These Alternative Currency 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
Alternative Currency means United Sates dollars or such other currency as may be specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or any lawful successor currency to that currency). 
Alternative Currency Event means any one of Illiquidity, Non-Transferability and Inconvertibility. 
Alternative Settlement Rate means the spot rate between the Scheduled Payment Currency and the Alternative 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into consideration all available information which the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, if the Scheduled Payment Currency is CNY, the 
pricing information obtained from the CNY non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange 
market inside the PRC). 
Dual Currency (Interest) Feature has the meaning set out in Part A, Chapter 6 (Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff 
Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in Part B, Chapter 3 (Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions) of Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions). 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with 
the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction. 
Hong Kong means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China. 
Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the 
relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to convert any amount into or from the Scheduled Payment Currency as 
may be required to be paid by the relevant Issuer under the Securities on any payment date or such other amount as 
may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the general Scheduled Payment 
Currency exchange market in the Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the 
relevant Series of Securities and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer or the relevant Affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Interest Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Interest) Feature. 
Illiquidity means the general Scheduled Payment Currency exchange market in the Scheduled Payment Currency 
Jurisdiction becomes illiquid as a result of which the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates cannot obtain 
sufficient Scheduled Payment Currency in order to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under 
the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the 
relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver the Scheduled Payment Currency between accounts inside the 
Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction or from an account inside the Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction 
to an account outside the Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility, 
impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Affiliate to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is

--- Page 690 ---
Annex 4 – Alternative Currency Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
690 
 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
PRC means the People's Republic of China. 
Redemption Currency has the meaning set out in the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature. 
Scheduled Payment Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Scheduled Payment Currency Jurisdiction means (a) if CNY is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Scheduled Payment Currency, Hong Kong or (b) any other jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms with respect to any Scheduled Payment Currency. 
2. 
ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY EVENT 
If an Alternative Currency Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, exists 
on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon, the relevant Issuer may 
determine one or more of the following, and require the Calculation Agent to take such action or make such 
determination accordingly, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(a) 
the relevant payment by the relevant Issuer be postponed to the date falling 10 Business Days after the 
date on which the Alternative Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as 
determined by the relevant Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(provided that, in each case, the relevant payment made on such postponed date will be made without any 
interest or any other additional sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such 
amount); 
(b) 
that the relevant Issuer's obligation to make a payment in Scheduled Payment Currency under the terms of 
the Securities be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Alternative Currency (converted at 
the Alternative Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time selected in good faith 
by the Calculation Agent); and 
(c) 
by giving notice to the Securityholders in accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Issuer, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities early on a date to be specified 
by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed at its Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of an Alternative Currency Event, the relevant Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Alternative 
Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
Any payment made by the relevant Issuer in the Alternative Currency in accordance with these Alternative Currency 
Conditions will constitute valid payment and will not constitute a default in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 691 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
691 
 
ANNEX 5 – STANDARD PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the interest and/or redemption in 
respect of the Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Linked Interest Rate on Linked Interest Securities and/or the Redemption Payoff 
on Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject 
to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Combination Interest 
Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Interest Payoff shall only apply for the purposes 
of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Combination Interest Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Combination 
Redemption Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Redemption Payoff shall only apply 
for the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such Combination Redemption Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff Feature 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Interest Payoff shall only apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff Feature 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Standard Redemption Payoff shall only apply for the purposes 
of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Standard Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Redemption 
Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, such Standard Redemption Payoff shall only apply for the purposes of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the applicable 
Redemption Method. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Standard Payoff Conditions) that shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Standard Payoff Conditions is applicable. Only those 
chapters containing a payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable will apply to a particular Series of 
Securities. The Standard Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Standard Payoff Conditions are set out as follows: 
Part A 
Standard Interest Payoff Conditions 
The interest payable (if any) on the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance 
with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) use one or more Linked 
Interest Rates, determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, as component(s) of a formula if a 
Combination Interest Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater 
detail in Annex 6 (Combination Payoff Conditions)), or (iii) be affected by a Payoff Feature which is dependent on the Linked 
Interest Rate determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions)). 
Standard Fixed Interest 
Chapter 1 
Standard Floating Interest 
Chapter 2 
Standard Floater Interest 
Chapter 3 
Standard Inverse Floater Interest 
Chapter 4

--- Page 692 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
692 
 
Standard Participation Interest  
Chapter 5 
Standard Range Accrual Interest 
Chapter 6 
Standard Power Interest 
Chapter 7 
Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
Chapter 8 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
Chapter 9 
Standard ABF Interest 
Chapter 10 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
Chapter 11 
Standard Digital/Performance Interest 
Chapter 12 
Standard Performance Interest 
Chapter 13 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest 
Chapter 14 
Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest  
Chapter 15 
Standard Fixed Daily Interest 
Chapter 16 
 
Part B 
Standard Redemption Payoff Conditions 
The amount payable on redemption (if any) of the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Redemption Payoff determined 
in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) use one or 
more Redemption Payoffs, determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, as a component of a formula if 
a Combination Redemption Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in 
greater detail in Annex 6 (Combination Payoff Conditions)), or (iii) be affected by a Payoff Feature which is dependent on 
the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions)). 
Standard Fixed Redemption 
Chapter 1 
Standard Floater Redemption 
Chapter 2 
Standard Participation Redemption 
Chapter 3 
Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
Chapter 4 
Standard ABF Redemption 
Chapter 5 
Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
Chapter 6 
Standard Performance Redemption 
Chapter 7 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
Chapter 8 
Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
Chapter 9 
Standard Drop-Back Redemption 
Chapter 10

--- Page 693 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Standard Fixed Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
693 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 1: Standard Fixed Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Fixed Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Interest (the Standard Fixed Interest) is applicable. These Standard 
Fixed Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
STANDARD FIXED INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated in accordance with the General Conditions and is not affected by the value 
of any Underlying. 
1.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated in accordance with 
General Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities). 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the 
Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Fixed Interest Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall 
be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as 
applicable.

--- Page 694 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Standard Floating Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
694 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 2: Standard Floating Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Floating Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Floating Interest (the Standard Floating Interest) is applicable. These 
Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Floating Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STANDARD FLOATING INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as equal to the Rate of Interest determined in accordance with the General 
Conditions. 
2.1 
Linked Interest Rates 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Floating Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as equal to the 
Rate of Interest determined in accordance with General Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Securities). 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Floating Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Floating Interest Payoff Condition 
2.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 695 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 3: Standard Floater Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
695 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 3: Standard Floater Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Floater Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Floater Interest (the Standard Floater Interest) is applicable. These Standard 
Floater Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
STANDARD FLOATER INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the product of Leverage1 by the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of 
(i) Floor and (ii) Margin added to the result of Leverage2 multiplied by Underlying Valuexy. The Underlying Valuexy 
is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying, or if a combination of an Underlyingx and 
an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at 
the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this calculation and may therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate, 
subject to Leverage1, Leverage2, the Margin, the Cap and the Floor. 
3.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Floater 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Leverage1 × Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Leverage2 × Underlying Valuexy + Margin))  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Floater 
Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the 
Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Floater Interest Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall 
be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
3.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides that 
"Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard Floater 
Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard Floater Interest 
Payoff Condition 3.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be 
deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
3.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding 
the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date 
shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may be one (1).

--- Page 696 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 3: Standard Floater Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
696 
 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy.

--- Page 697 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 4: Standard Inverse Floater Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
697 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 4: Standard Inverse Floater Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Inverse Floater Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Inverse Floater Interest (the Standard Inverse Floater Interest) is 
applicable. These Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
STANDARD INVERSE FLOATER INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the result of 
Leverage multiplied by Underlying Valuexy subtracted from Fixed Rate. The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by 
reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is 
specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the 
Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant 
Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this calculation and may therefore affect the Linked 
Interest Rate, subject to the Leverage, the Fixed Rate, the Cap and the Floor. 
4.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Inverse 
Floater Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max (Floor, Fixed Rate - Leverage × Underlying Valuexy)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Inverse 
Floater Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff 
Condition 4.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Interest Payoffx. 
4.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides 
that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard Inverse 
Floater Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard Inverse 
Floater Interest Payoff Condition 4.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the 
Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
4.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Inverse Floater Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding 
the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date 
shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 698 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 4: Standard Inverse Floater Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
698 
 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy.

--- Page 699 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
699 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 5: Standard Participation Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Participation Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Participation Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Participation Interest (the Standard Participation Interest) is applicable. 
These Standard Participation Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Participation Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
STANDARD PARTICIPATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the sum of P and the lesser of (a) C and (b) the greater of (i) F and (ii) L 
multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Valueti divided by the Underlying Value1i. 
5.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Participation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
P + L × Min(C, Max(F,L×(Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i
+S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Participation Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Participation Interest Payoff 
Condition 5.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 700 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
700 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Range Accrual Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Range Accrual Interest (the Standard Range Accrual Interest) is 
applicable. These Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
STANDARD RANGE ACCRUAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the Accrual Factor (if "Accrual Factor OUT" applies) or 1 multiplied by 
an amount equal to the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Margin2 added to the result of the 
product of (A) Accrual Factor (if "Accrual Factor IN" applies) or 1 and (B) the result of Leverage multiplied by 
Global Underlying Value on the relevant Interest Observation Date and added to Margin1. The Accrual Factor is 
a number determined by reference to, among other things, the Underlying Value. The Global Underlying Value is 
calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Global Underlying or, if a combination of a Global 
Underlyingx and a Global Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, the price, level or rate of the Global 
Underlyingx and of the Global Underlyingy, as applicable. The Underlying Valuei is calculated by reference to the 
price, level or rate of the Underlyingi or, if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in 
the Final Terms, the price, level or rate of the Underlyingix and of the Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as 
applicable. The value of the Underlying will therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate since (i) the value of the 
Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy) affects the value of the Accrual Factor 
which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate and (ii) the value of the 
Global Underlying (or, as applicable, the Global Underlyingx and the Global Underlyingy) is used as a separate 
component in the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. 
6.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Range 
Accrual Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Accrual Factor OUT×Min (Cap, Max(Floor,((Leverage × Global Underlying Value+Margin1)) × Accrual Factor IN+Margin2)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Range 
Accrual Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff 
Condition 6.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Interest Payoffx as applicable. 
6.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides 
that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Global Underlying Value or Underlying Valuei, 
references in these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the 
definition of such term in Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Condition 6.3 below) shall, for the purposes of 
determining the Global Underlying Value or Underlying Valuei be deemed to be references to the applicable 
Relevant Observation.

--- Page 701 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
701 
 
6.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", a shall 
be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
Accrual Factor IN means, if "Accrual Factor IN" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Accrual Factor, 
otherwise 1. 
Accrual Factor OUT means, if "Accrual Factor OUT" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Accrual 
Factor, otherwise 1. 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", b shall 
be 0. 
Global Underlying means any Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Global Underlying and, as applicable, all Underlyingi and/or Underlyingix and Underlyingiy 
together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset 
Conditions). 
Global Underlyingx or Global Underlyingy means any Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy and, as applicable, all 
Underlyingi and/or Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as 
applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Global Underlying Value means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Global Underlying on an Interest Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if a combination of a Global Underlyingx and a Global Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Global Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx and the 
Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global 
Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Global Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Global Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of 
such Global Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
formula for the combination of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Global Underlyingx, Global Underlyingy), if "Applicable 
Formula" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination 
of Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy.

--- Page 702 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
702 
 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding the 
first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Margin1 or Margin2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or negative value or, in the case of a number, be zero (0). 
n means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which each 
Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes 
hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days 
which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the 
immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date specified as a Range Accrual 
Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or 
Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within 
such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the 
purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Global Underlying (or, if applicable, Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy), all 
Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means, an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the 
subscript "y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Global Underlying (or, if applicable, Global Underlyingx and Global Underlyingy), 
(as applicable) all Underlyingi, all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day, an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, 
as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price;

--- Page 703 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Standard Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
703 
 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation Period Cut-Off 
Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on such Interest 
Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
an i. 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy).

--- Page 704 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Standard Power Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
704 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 7: Standard Power Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Power Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Power Interest (the Standard Power Interest) is applicable. These Standard 
Power Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
STANDARD POWER INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Margin added 
to the result, exponentiated to the power of x, of 1 plus Leverage multiplied by Underlying Valuexy. The Underlying 
Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an Underlyingx 
and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the 
Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as 
applicable, Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this calculation and will therefore affect 
the Linked Interest Rate, subject to the Leverage, Margin, Cap, Floor and the exponential part of the formula. 
7.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Power 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (1 + Leverage × Underlying Valuexy)
x + Margin))  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Power 
Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the 
Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Power Interest Payoff Condition 7.1(a) shall 
be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
7.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides that 
"Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard Power 
Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard Power Interest 
Payoff Condition 7.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be 
deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
7.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Power Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding the 
first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be:

--- Page 705 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Standard Power Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
705 
 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy. 
x means the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(1 + Leverage x Underlying Valuexy)x means the result, exponentiated to the power of x, of Leverage multiplied 
by Underlying Valuexy added to 1.

--- Page 706 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 8: Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
706 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 8: Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Digital to Participation Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital to Participation Interest (the Standard Digital to 
Participation Interest) is applicable. These Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Digital to Participation Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
STANDARD DIGITAL TO PARTICIPATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy reaches the relevant Barrier or is 
within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest Observation Period, 
being a Fixed Rate or (b) otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) 
L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Valueti divided by Underlying Value1i. 
8.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Digital 
to Participation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower than IB] [lower 
than or equal to IB] [within Range] [outside Range], either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB1] [higher than or equal to IB1] [lower than IB1] 
[lower than or equal to IB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1], either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate1; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB2] [higher than or equal to IB2] [lower than IB2] 
[lower than or equal to IB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate2; or 
(iv) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB3] [higher than or equal to IB3] [lower than IB3] 
[lower than or equal to IB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate3; or

--- Page 707 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 8: Standard Digital to Participation Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
707 
 
(v) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB4] [higher than or equal to IB4] [lower than IB4] 
[lower than or equal to IB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate4; or 
(vi) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB5] [higher than or equal to IB5] [lower than IB5] 
[lower than or equal to IB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5], either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate5; or 
(vii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than IB6] [higher than or equal to IB6] [lower than IB6] 
[lower than or equal to IB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6], either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period 
equal to Fixed Rate6; or 
(viii) 
otherwise, equal to: 
P ± L × Min (C, Max (F, L × (± 
Underlying Valueti
Underlying Value1i  ± S)))  
and expressed as a percentage. 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the Linked Interest 
Rate will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied conditions. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Digital 
to Participation Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination 
Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Digital to 
Participation Interest Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 708 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 9: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
708 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 9: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest (the Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Interest) is applicable. These Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
STANDARD FIXED RANGE ACCRUAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as (A) in the case of Linear type of Range Accrual payoff, Fixed Rate 
multiplied by Accrual Factor and as (B) in the case of Non-linear type of Range Accrual payoff, the Fixed Rate (n) 
applicable to the n calculated for the relevant Interest Observation Period. The Accrual Factor is a number 
calculated by reference to, among other things, each Underlying Valuei. The Underlying Valuei is calculated by 
reference to the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingi or, if a combination of an Underlyingix and an 
Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the relevant 
Underlyingix and of the relevant Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of each Underlyingi or, 
as applicable, each Underlyingix and Underlyingiy, will therefore affect the value of the Accrual Factor which is 
used as a component of the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. 
9.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Range Accrual Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period and 
(i) 
in respect to which Linear is specified as applicable in the Final Terms shall be calculated as 
follows: 
Fixed Rate × Accrual Factor 
and expressed as a percentage; and 
(ii) 
in respect to which Non-linear is specified as applicable in the Final Terms shall be calculated as 
follows: 
Fixed Rate (n) for the n applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Range Accrual Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Fixed Range Accrual 
Interest Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Interest Payoffx. 
9.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Condition 9.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the 
Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation.

--- Page 709 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 9: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
709 
 
9.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", a shall 
be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", b shall 
be 0. 
Lower Limiti means, in respect of a Range Accrual Day in an Interest Observation Period, the percentage, number 
or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to an 
Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy), which specification may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Lower Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
[percentage] of Underlying Valuei on the immediately preceding Range 
Accrual Day 
 
n means, in respect of an Interest Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest 
Observation Period in respect of which each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in 
the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in 
respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in 
respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, 
an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, 
which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or Business Day within a week, each 
calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within such Interest Observation Period. 
Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the subscript 
"y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi (as applicable) and all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price;

--- Page 710 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 9: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
710 
 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation Period Cut-Off 
Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on such Interest 
Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means, in respect of any Range Accrual Day in an Interest Observation Period, the percentage, 
number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy), which may be of the 
following type:

--- Page 711 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 9: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
711 
 
 
Range Accrual Day 
Upper Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
[percentage] of Underlying Valuei on the immediately preceding 
Range Accrual Day

--- Page 712 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Standard ABF Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
712 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 10: Standard ABF Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
ABF Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard ABF Interest (the Standard ABF Interest) is applicable. These Standard ABF 
Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
STANDARD ABF INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the product of (a) Global Leverage, (b) the FX Conversion Factor and (c) 
the sum of (i) the result of Accrual Factor1 multiplied by Leverage1 and (ii) the result of Accrual Factor2 multiplied 
by Leverage2. 
An Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to the relevant Underlying Valuexy. The Underlying Valuexy is 
calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an 
Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx 
and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as applicable, the 
relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) may therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate since the value of the 
Underlying affects the value of the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate 
the Linked Interest Rate. 
10.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard ABF 
Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Global Leverage × FX Conversion Factor × ((Leverage1 × Accrual Factor1) + (Leverage2 × Accrual 
Factor2))  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard ABF 
Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition and the 
Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard ABF Interest Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall 
be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
10.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides that 
"Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard ABF Interest 
Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard ABF Interest Payoff 
Condition 10.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed 
to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
10.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard ABF Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", a shall 
be 1.

--- Page 713 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Standard ABF Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
713 
 
Accrual Factor1 or Accrual Factor2 means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period: 
  
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", b shall 
be 0. 
Base Currency has the meaning set out in Annex 1 Chapter 3 (Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions). 
FX Conversion Factor means either one (1) or the FX Strike Level divided by the FX Final Value, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
FX Final Value means, in respect of the Reference Currency, the exchange rate of one currency for another 
currency expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per unit of the 
Base Currency, which is either: 
(a) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms observed by the Calculation Agent on the FX Price Source at 
approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the Final FX Observation Date and by reference to the 
Specified Rate; or 
(b) 
if "Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, based on any 
price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion (if FX Price Source is 
specified as "Not Applicable as Calculation Agent FX Rate Determination applies" in the applicable Final 
Terms), at approximately the applicable Valuation Time on the Final FX Observation Date. 
Final FX Observation Date means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms immediately preceding the last day of such Interest Accrual Period and each such date shall be deemed 
to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the FX Linked Asset Conditions. 
FX Price Source has the meaning set out in Annex 1 Chapter 3 (Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset Conditions). 
FX Strike Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, the date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding the 
first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may be one (1). 
Lower Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
n means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which the 
Underlying Valuexy is within Rangea (with respect to the determination of Accrual Factor1) or, as applicable, Rangeb 
(with respect to the determination of Accrual Factor2), as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes 
hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days 
which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the 
immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Rangea or Rangeb means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date specified as a Range Accrual 
Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or

--- Page 714 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Standard ABF Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
714 
 
Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within 
such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the 
purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Reference Currency has the meaning set out in Annex 1 Chapter 3 (Asset Conditions: FX Linked Asset 
Conditions). 
Specified Rate has the meaning set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day, an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, 
as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price, 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation Period Cut-Off 
Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on such Interest 
Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or

--- Page 715 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Standard ABF Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
715 
 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy. 
Upper Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Time has the meaning set out in Chapter 3 (FX Linked Asset Conditions) of Annex 1 (Asset Conditions).

--- Page 716 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 11: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
716 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 11: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest (the 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest) is applicable. These Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance 
Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
STANDARD FIXED RANGE ACCRUAL PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is the result (A), where the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest is Linear, 
of the product of the Fixed Rate multiplied by the Accrual Factor or (B), where the Standard Fixed Range Accrual 
Interest is Non-linear, the Fixed Rate (n) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) applicable to the number n 
calculated for the relevant Interest Observation Period. 
11.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Range Accrual Performance Interest is applicable will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the type "Linear" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Fixed Rate × Accrual Factor  
expressed as a percentage; or 
(ii) 
if the type "Non-linear" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Fixed Rate (n) applicable to the number n calculated for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Range Accrual Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, will be calculated in accordance with such Combination 
Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Condition 11.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
11.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest Payoff Conditions, the following 
terms will have the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", a shall 
be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, the result of the following formula: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", b shall 
be 0.

--- Page 717 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 11: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
717 
 
n means, with respect to any Interest Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days during the relevant 
Interest Observation Period on which the Performance_AF is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower 
than IB] [lower than or equal to IB] [within the Range] [outside the Range] the Range, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
N means, with respect to any Interest Observation Period, the total number of Range Accrual Days during such 
Interest Observation Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to any Interest Observation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Scheduled Trading Day, each Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, each Business 
Day or each calendar day falling within such Interest Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day is deemed to 
be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 718 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 12: Standard Digital/Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
718 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 12: Standard Digital/Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital/Performance Interest (the Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest) is applicable. These Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
12. 
STANDARD DIGITAL/PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_I reaches the relevant barrier or is within 
the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest Observation Period, being a 
Fixed Rate or (b) otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L 
multiplied by the sum of S and Peformance_IA. 
12.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest is applicable for such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the Performance_I is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower than IB] [lower than 
or equal to IB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at least 
one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate;  
(ii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB1] [higher than or equal to IB1] [lower than 
IB1] [lower than or equal to IB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, 
equal to Fixed Rate1;  
(iii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB2] [higher than or equal to IB2] [lower than 
IB2] [lower than or equal to IB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate2;  
(iv) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB3] [higher than or equal to IB3] [lower than 
IB3] [lower than or equal to IB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days]

--- Page 719 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 12: Standard Digital/Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
719 
 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate3;  
(v) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB4] [higher than or equal to IB4] [lower than 
IB4] [lower than or equal to IB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate4;  
(vi) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB5] [higher than or equal to IB5] [lower than 
IB5] [lower than or equal to IB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate5;  
(vii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB6] [higher than or equal to IB6] [lower than 
IB6] [lower than or equal to IB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period,  
equal to Fixed Rate6;  
(viii) 
in other cases it will be equal to: 
P ± L × Min(C, Max (F, L × (± Performance IA ± S))) 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the Linked Interest 
Rate will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied conditions. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Digital/Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx will, for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition, and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Digital/Performance 
Interest Payoff Condition 12.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 720 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 13: Standard Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
720 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 13: Standard Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Performance Interest (the Standard Performance Interest) is applicable. 
These Standard Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
STANDARD PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as the sum of P and the lesser of (a) C and (b) the greater of (i) F and (ii) L 
multiplied by the sum of S and Performance_IA. 
13.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Performance Interest is applicable for such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated as follows: 
P ± L × Min(C, Max (F, L × (± Performance_IA ± S))) 
expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx will, for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition, and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Performance Interest 
Payoff Condition 13.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Interest Payoffx.

--- Page 721 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 14: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
721 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 14: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Steepener With Reserve Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest (the Standard Steepener 
With Reserve Interest) is applicable. These Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. 
STANDARD STEEPENER WITH RESERVE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve 
Accrual Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period as the lesser of (a) Cap1 and (b) the sum of 
Steepenern and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each 
Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Final Reserve Accrual Period as the sum of Steepenern and 
Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, 
level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as 
applicable. The value of the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) observed on 
each of the relevant days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period may therefore each be used as a component in this 
calculation and may therefore affect the Linked Interest Rate, subject to the Cap1, if applicable. 
14.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Steepener With Reserve Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
as follows: 
(i) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve Accrual Period to (and 
excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Min(Cap1, (Steepenern+ Reserven-1)) 
and expressed as a percentage; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Steepenern + Reserven-1  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Steepener With Reserve Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination 
Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Steepener With 
Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as 
the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
14.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms 
provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard 
Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in

--- Page 722 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 14: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
722 
 
Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the 
Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
14.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Steepener With Reserve Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap1, Cap2 and Cap3 mean the rates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
these may have a positive or a negative value. 
Final Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor1, Floor2 and Floor3 each means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance 
of doubt, these may have a positive or a negative value. 
Initial Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Accrual Periodn means each of the numerical sequence of Interest Accrual Periods, starting with the 
Initial Steepening Accrual Period, as Interest Accrual Period1, and proceeding in chronological order thereafter. 
Interest Observation Date means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding 
the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date 
shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Leverage means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may be one (1). 
Linked Interest Raten means the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Steepener With 
Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.1(a), in respect of Interest Accrual Periodn. 
Margin means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this may have 
a positive or a negative value. 
Reserve0 means zero or a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reserven means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Periodn, the result of the following formula, expressed as a 
percentage: 
Max(Floor3, (Reserven-1 + Steepenern - Linked Interest Raten))  
Steepenern means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Periodn, the result of the following formula, expressed as a 
percentage: 
–Min (Cap3,Max (Floor1, (Leverage ×– (Min(Cap2, Underlying Value1) −
 Max(Floor2,  Underlying Value2) − Margin))))  
Underlying Value means, with respect to an Interest Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange;

--- Page 723 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 14: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
723 
 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Value1 means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the Underlying Value1xy on the Interest 
Observation Date or, where Underlying Value1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by 
reference to a Relevant Observation, the Underlying Value1xy determined in accordance with Standard Steepener 
with Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 14.2 above.  
Underlying Value1xy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying1; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlying1x and an Underlying1y is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlying1y, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlying1y, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlying1y, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlying1x by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlying1y, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlying1x and Underlying1y. 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlying1x, Underlying1y), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlying1x and Underlying1y. 
Underlying Value2 means the Underlying Value2xy on the Interest Observation Date or, where Underlying Value2 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being determined by reference to a Relevant Observation, the 
Underlying Value2xy determined in accordance with Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest Payoff Condition 
14.2 above.  
Underlying Value2xy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying2; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlying2x and an Underlying2y is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlying2y, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or

--- Page 724 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 14: Standard Steepener with Reserve Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
724 
 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlying2y, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlying2y, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlying2x by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlying2y, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlying2x and Underlying2y; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlying2x, Underlying2y), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlying2x and Underlying2y.

--- Page 725 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 15: Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
725 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 15: Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Memory Digital/Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) will apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest (the Standard 
Memory Digital/Performance Interest) is applicable. These Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff 
Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
15. 
STANDARD MEMORY DIGITAL/PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_I reaches the relevant barrier or is within 
the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest Observation Period, being the 
sum of the Fixed Rates corresponding to the previous Interest Payment Dates or Interest Accrual Periods in respect 
of which the relevant Fixed Rates have not been paid, or (b) otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C 
and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by the sum of S and Peformance_IA. 
15.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Memory Digital/Performance Interest is applicable for such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
if the Performance_I is [higher than IB] [higher than or equal to IB] [lower than IB] [lower than 
or equal to IB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at least 
one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(ii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB1] [higher than or equal to IB1] [lower than 
IB1] [lower than or equal to IB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times][on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate1 (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(iii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB2] [higher than or equal to IB2] [lower than 
IB2] [lower than or equal to IB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, equal to:

--- Page 726 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 15: Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
726 
 
∑Fixed Rate2 (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(iv) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB3] [higher than or equal to IB3] [lower than 
IB3] [lower than or equal to IB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate3 (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(v) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB4] [higher than or equal to IB4] [lower than 
IB4] [lower than or equal to IB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate4 (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(vi) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB5] [higher than or equal to IB5] [lower than 
IB5] [lower than or equal to IB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, equal to:  
∑Fixed Rate5 (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(vii) 
otherwise, if the Performance_I is [higher than IB6] [higher than or equal to IB6] [lower than 
IB6] [lower than or equal to IB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6], either (A) on [the] [the 
current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation 
Period, equal to: 
∑Fixed Rate6 (t)
M
t=m+1
 
(viii) 
in other cases it will be equal to: 
P ± L × Min(C, Max (F, L × (± Performance IA ± S))) 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the Linked Interest 
Rate will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Rates applicable to these satisfied conditions. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard 
Memory Digital/Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx will, for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition, and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard

--- Page 727 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 15: Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
727 
 
Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Condition 12.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx. 
15.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Memory Digital/Performance Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
m is the chronological number "t" of the last Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period in respect of which 
the relevant Fixed Rate has been paid. If no Fixed Rate has been paid prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Accrual Period, the value of "m" will be equal to zero. 
M is the chronological number "t" of the relevant Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period. 
Fixed Rate(t), Fixed Rate1(t), Fixed Rate2(t), Fixed Rate3(t), Fixed Rate4(t), Fixed Rate5(t) and Fixed Rate6(t) 
mean the Fixed Rate payable in respect of the Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period corresponding to 
the chronological number "t", as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 728 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 16: Standard Standard Fixed Daily Interest 
  
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
728 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 16: Standard Fixed Daily Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Fixed Daily Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Daily Interest Payoff Conditions) will apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Daily Interest (the Standard Fixed Daily Interest) is applicable. These 
Standard Fixed Daily Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Fixed Daily Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
16. 
STANDARD FIXED DAILY INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate is the result of the product of the Fixed Rate multiplied by n and further divided by N. 
16.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Daily Interest is applicable will be paid on the earlier of either the relevant Interest Payment Date "t" or, 
in case of Automatic Early Redemption Event, the relevant Early Redemption Date and calculated as 
follows: 
Fixed Rate × 𝒏
𝑵 
expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Standard Fixed 
Daily Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx, for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition, will be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff Condition 
and the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance with Standard Fixed Daily Interest Payoff 
Condition 16.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Interest Payoffx. 
16.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Daily Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms will have the 
following meanings: 
n means the number of Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days (as defined in the relevant Asset 
Conditions (Annex 1)) for any Underlying(i) during the Interest Period immediately preceding the relevant Interest 
Payment Date "t", as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
N means the total number of Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days (as defined in the relevant 
Asset Conditions (Annex 1)) for any Underlying(i) in the period starting on the Interest Period Date "t-1" (excluded) 
or, in respect of the first Interest Amount, the Issue Date (excluded), and ending on the Interest Period Date "t" 
(included), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Interest Period means the period starting on the Interest Period Date "t-1" (excluded) or, in respect of the first 
Interest Amount, the Issue Date (excluded), and ending on the earlier of either the Interest Period Date "t" (included) 
or, in case of Automatic Early Redemption Event, the relevant Early Redemption Observation Date (included).

--- Page 729 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 1: Standard Fixed Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
729 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 1: Standard Fixed Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Fixed Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Redemption (the Standard Fixed Redemption) is applicable. These 
Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
STANDARD FIXED REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated as equal to the Fixed Percentage and is not affected by the value of any underlying. 
1.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Fixed Redemption is applicable shall be equal to the Fixed Percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Fixed Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Fixed Redemption Payoff 
Condition 1.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 730 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Standard Floater Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
730 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 2: Standard Floater Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Floater Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Floater Redemption (the Standard Floater Redemption) is applicable. 
These Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STANDARD FLOATER REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the product of Leverage1 and the 
lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Margin added to the result of Leverage2 multiplied by 
Underlying Valuexy. The Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying 
or, if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference 
to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value 
of the Underlying (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingx and Underlyingy) will be used as a component in this 
calculation and may therefore affect the Redemption Payoff, subject to the Leverage1, Leverage2, Margin, Cap and 
Floor. 
2.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Floater Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
Leverage1 × (Min (Cap, Max (Floor, Leverage2 × Underlying Valuexy + Margin))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Floater Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Floater Redemption Payoff 
Condition 2.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx. 
2.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides 
that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard Floater 
Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard Floater 
Redemption Payoff Condition 2.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the 
Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
2.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Floater Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may be one (1).

--- Page 731 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Standard Floater Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
731 
 
Redemption Determination Date has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Redemption Determination Date, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy.

--- Page 732 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
732 
 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 3: Standard Participation Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Participation Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Participation Redemption (the Standard Participation Redemption) is 
applicable. These Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
STANDARD PARTICIPATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the sum of P and the lesser of (a) 
C and (b) the greater of (i) F and (ii) L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Value2i divided 
by the Underlying Value1i. 
3.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Participation Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date as 
follows: 
P ± L × Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 ± S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Participation Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Participation Redemption 
Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 733 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
733 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 4: Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Digital to Participation Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital to Participation Redemption (the Standard Digital 
to Participation Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
STANDARD DIGITAL TO PARTICIPATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy 
reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range on the Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the 
Redemption Observation Period, being a Fixed Percentage or (b) otherwise, being the sum of P and the lesser of 
(i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the Underlying Value2i 
divided by Underlying Value1i.  
4.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Digital to Participation Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB] [higher than or equal to FRB] [lower than FRB] 
[lower than or equal to FRB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period, 
equal to Fixed Percentage; or 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB1] [higher than or equal to FRB1] [lower 
than FRB1] [lower than or equal to FRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] 
[the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at 
least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period, 
 equal to Fixed Percentage1; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB2] [higher than or equal to FRB2] [lower than 
FRB2] [lower than or equal to FRB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on [the] [the 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage2; or 
(iv) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB3] [higher than or equal to FRB3] [lower than 
FRB3] [lower than or equal to FRB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on [the] [the

--- Page 734 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Standard Digital to Participation Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
734 
 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage3; or 
(v) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB4] [higher than or equal to FRB4] [lower than 
FRB4] [lower than or equal to FRB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4], either (A) on [the] [the 
last] [each] [each previous] [at least one previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage4; or 
(vi) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB5] [higher than or equal to FRB5] [lower than 
FRB5] [lower than or equal to FRB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on [the] [the 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period,  
equal to Fixed Percentage5; or 
(vii) 
if the Underlying Valuexy is [higher than FRB6] [higher than or equal to FRB6] [lower than 
FRB6] [lower than or equal to FRB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on [the] [the 
last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least 
one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] 
[on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period, 
equal to Fixed Percentage6; or 
(viii) 
otherwise, equal to: 
P ± L × Min (C, Max (F, L × (Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 ± S))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
If several of the above conditions are satisfied (because the Ranges or Barriers overlap), the Redemption 
Payoff will be the [highest] [lowest] of the Fixed Percentages applicable to these satisfied conditions. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Digital to Participation Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard 
Digital to Participation Redemption Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination 
Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 735 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Standard ABF Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
735 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 5: Standard ABF Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
ABF Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard ABF Redemption (the Standard ABF Redemption) is applicable. These 
Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
STANDARD ABF REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated as (a) one (1), minus (b) Global Leverage multiplied by the sum of (i) the 
result of Accrual Factor1 multiplied by Leverage1 and (ii) the result of Accrual Factor2 multiplied by Leverage2. 
An Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to, among other things, the relevant Underlying Valuexy. The 
Underlying Valuexy is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlying or, if a combination of 
an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated by reference to the price, level or 
rate of the Underlyingx and of the Underlyingy at the relevant time, as applicable. The value of the Underlying, or 
(as applicable) of Underlyingx and Underlyingy, may therefore affect the Redemption Payoff since the value of the 
Underlying affects the value of the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate 
the Redemption Payoff. 
5.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Observation Date for Securities for which Standard 
ABF Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
1 - (Global Leverage × ((Leverage1 × Accrual Factor1) + (Leverage2 × Accrual Factor2))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
ABF Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard ABF Redemption Payoff 
Condition 5.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx. 
5.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides that 
"Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value, references in these Standard ABF 
Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Standard ABF 
Redemption Payoff Condition 5.3 below) shall, for the purposes of determining the Underlying Value of the 
Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
5.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard ABF Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Accrual Factor1 means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in 
the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which the Underlying Valuexy was within Rangea, divided 
by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Redemption Observation Period, in each case as determined by

--- Page 736 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Standard ABF Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
736 
 
the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable 
Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Valuexy in respect of any 
Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Valuexy in respect of either 
the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Accrual Factor2 means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in 
the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which the Underlying Valuexy was within Rangeb, divided 
by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Redemption Observation Period, in each case as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable 
Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Valuexy in respect of any 
Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Valuexy in respect of either 
the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Leverage1 or Leverage2 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this may have a positive or a negative value or, in the case of a number, may be one (1). 
Lower Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rangea means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rangeb means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as a Range 
Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day 
or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within 
such Redemption Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for 
the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days immediately 
preceding the first or last day of such Redemption Observation Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an Early 
Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to but 
excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on but excluding 
the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately 
preceding an Instalment Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day, a Redemption Observation Date or a Relevant 
Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level;

--- Page 737 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Standard ABF Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
737 
 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level, 
provided that if a Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Redemption Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on 
such Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuexy means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of the Underlying; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingx and an Underlyingy is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingx by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingx and Underlyingy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingx, Underlyingy), if "Applicable Formula" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingx and 
Underlyingy. 
Upper Range Accrual Level means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 738 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 6: Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
738 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 6: Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Digital/Performance Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Digital/Performance Redemption (the Standard 
Digital/Performance Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
STANDARD DIGITAL/PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as, if the relevant Performance_FR 
reaches the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range on the Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the 
Redemption Observation Period, being the sum of P and the lesser of (i) C and (ii) the greater of (A) F and (B) L 
multiplied by the sum of S and the result of the relevant Performance_RA.  
6.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Digital/Performance Redemption is applicable will be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date 
as follows, expressed as a percentage: 
(i) 
If the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR1] is [higher than FRB1] [higher than or equal to 
FRB1] [lower than FRB1] [lower than or equal to FRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either 
(A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation 
Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least one Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
P1± L1 × Min (C1, Max (F1, L1 × (± Performance_RA1 ± S1))) 
(ii) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR2] is [higher than FRB2] [higher than or 
equal to FRB2] [lower than FRB2] [lower than or equal to FRB2] [within Range2] [outside 
Range2] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period: 
P2 ± L2 × Min (C2, Max (F2, L2 × (± Performance_RA2 ± S2))) 
(iii) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR3] is [higher than FRB3] [higher than or 
equal to FRB3] [lower than FRB3] [lower than or equal to FRB3] [within Range3] [outside 
Range3] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period: 
P3 ± L3 × Min (C3, Max (F3, L3 × (± Performance_RA3 ± S3)))

--- Page 739 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 6: Standard Digital/Performance Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
739 
 
(iv) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR4] is [higher than FRB4] [higher than or 
equal to FRB4] [lower than FRB4] [lower than or equal to FRB4] [within Range4] [outside 
Range4] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period: 
P4± L4 ×Min (C4, Max (F4, L4 × (± Performance_RA4 ± S4))) 
(v) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR5] is [higher than FRB5] [higher than or 
equal to FRB5] [lower than FRB5] [lower than or equal to FRB5] [within Range5] [outside 
Range5] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period: 
P5 ± L5 × Min (C5, Max (F5, L5 × (± Performance_RA5 ± S5))) 
(vi) 
Otherwise, if the [Performance_FR] [Performance_FR6] is [higher than FRB6] [higher than or 
equal to FRB6] [lower than FRB6] [lower than or equal to FRB6] [within Range6] [outside 
Range6] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption 
Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading 
Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption 
Observation Period: 
P6 ± L6 × Min (C6, Max (F6, L6 × (± Performance_RA6 ± S6))) 
(vii) 
Otherwise: 
P ± L × Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Performance_RA ± S))) 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Digital/Performance Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx will, for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance with such 
Combination Payoff Condition, and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard 
Digital/Performance Redemption Payoff Condition 6.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 740 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Standard Performance Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
740 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 7: Standard Performance Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Performance Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Performance Redemption (the Standard Performance Redemption) is 
applicable. These Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
STANDARD PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the sum of P and the lesser of (a) 
C and (b) the greater of (i) F and (ii) L multiplied by the sum of S and Performance_RA. 
7.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Performance Redemption is applicable will be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date as 
follows, expressed as a percentage: 
P ± L × Min (C, Max (F, L × (± Performance_RA ± S))) 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Performance Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx will, for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition, be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition, and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Performance Redemption 
Payoff Condition 7.1(a) will be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx.

--- Page 741 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
741 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 8: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption (the Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
STANDARD FIXED RANGE ACCRUAL REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated as (a) in the case of Linear type of Range Accrual payoff, Fixed Percentage 
multiplied by Accrual Factor and as (b) in the case of Non-linear type of Range Accrual payoff, the Fixed 
Percentagen for the "n" applicable in respect of the Redemption Observation Period. The Accrual Factor is a 
number calculated by dividing (i) the product of "a" and "n" minus the product of "b" and "N" by (ii) "N". "a" and 
"b" are numbers specified in the applicable Final Terms, "n" is the number of Range Accrual Days during the 
relevant Redemption Observation Period on which each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range 
and "N" is the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period. Subject as 
provided below, the Underlying Valuei reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingi or (if a 
combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms) the sum of, algebraical 
difference between, product of or quotient of, the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingix and the price, 
level or rate of the relevant Underlyingiy (without regard to any currency of denomination of such price, level or 
rate, as the case may be) at the relevant time. The value of the Underlyingi or, as applicable, each Underlyingix and 
Underlyingiy, will therefore affect the value of the Accrual Factor which is used as a component of the formula used 
to calculate the Redemption Payoff. 
8.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Redemption is applicable on such Redemption Determination Date and: 
(i) 
in respect to which "Linear" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
calculated as follows: 
Fixed Percentage × Accrual Factor 
and expressed as a percentage; and 
(ii) 
in respect to which "Non-linear" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, shall be calculated 
as follows: 
Fixed Percentagen for the n applicable in respect of the Redemption Observation Period. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Fixed Range Accrual Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination 
Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Fixed Range 
Accrual Redemption Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition 
as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx. 
8.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final 
Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable in respect of the Underlying Value1, references in these

--- Page 742 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
742 
 
Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of 
such term in Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Condition 8.3 below) shall, for the purposes of 
determining the Underlying Value of the Underlying, be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant 
Observation. For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions: 
8.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms will 
have the following meanings: 
a means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If a is specified as "Not Applicable", a shall 
be 1. 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period: 
a × n - b × N
N
 
b means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If b is specified as "Not Applicable", b shall 
be 0. 
Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Percentagen means the rate specified for each "n" in the applicable Final Terms. 
i means a number, which corresponds to an item specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Limiti means, in respect of a Range Accrual Day in a Redemption Observation Period, the percentage, 
number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an i which specification may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Lower Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Accrual Range Days 
A percentage of Underlying Valuei on the immediately preceding Range 
Accrual Day 
 
n means the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which 
each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the 
purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar 
days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the 
immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
N means the total number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Redemption Observation Period, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as a Range 
Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day 
or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within 
such Redemption Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for 
the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means:

--- Page 743 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
743 
 
(a) 
with respect to Securities other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an Early 
Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to but 
excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on and including 
the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately 
preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the subscript 
"y", respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying, which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level, 
provided that if a Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Redemption Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on 
such Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or

--- Page 744 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Standard Fixed Range Accrual Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
744 
 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means, in respect of any Range Accrual Day in a Redemption Observation Period, the percentage, 
number or a percentage of a previous Underlying Value as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
corresponding to an i, which may be of the following type: 
Range Accrual Day 
Upper Limiti 
First Range Accrual Day 
[Fixed percentage or number] 
Subsequent Range Accrual Days 
A percentage of Underlying Valuei on the immediately preceding Range 
Accrual Day

--- Page 745 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
745 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 9: Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Target Volatility Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Target Volatility Redemption (the Standard Target Volatility 
Redemption) is applicable. These Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
STANDARD TARGET VOLATILITY REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the final notional cash balance as 
a percentage of the initial notional cash balance. 
9.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Target Volatility Redemption is applicable on such Redemption Determination Date will be calculated as 
follows: 
Max(0; Notional Cash Balance) 
and expressed as a percentage of NCB0. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Target Volatility Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of 
any applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination 
Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Target Volatility 
Redemption Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the 
relevant General Redemption Payoffx. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Standard Target Volatility Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms will have 
the following meanings: 
Aggregate Underlying Unitst means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Aggregate Underlying Unitst-1 + Underlying Delta Unitst 
where: 
Aggregate Underlying Units0 means zero, or such other number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Aggregate Underlying Value0 means zero, or such other number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Aggregate Underlying Valuet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Aggregate Underlying Unitst × Underlying Valuet 
Cost Rate means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 746 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
746 
 
DCFc means in respect of a Redemption Observation Datet, the actual number of calendar days in the period from, 
and including, the immediately preceding Redemption Observation Datet-1 to, but excluding, that Redemption 
Observation Datet (such period, a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period), divided by 365, or such 
other Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and for the purpose of this paragraph, 
references in the definition of "Day Count Fraction" to an Interest Accrual Period shall be deemed to be references 
to a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period. 
DCFi means in respect of a Redemption Observation Datet, the actual number of calendar days in the period from, 
and including, the immediately preceding Redemption Observation Datet-1 to, but excluding, that Redemption 
Observation Datet (such period, a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period), divided by 360, or such 
other Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and for the purpose of this paragraph, 
references in the definition of "Day Count Fraction" to an Interest Accrual Period shall be deemed to be references 
to a Target Volatility Redemption Observation Period. 
Deposit Rate means the Benchmark Rate (as defined in the Rate Linked Asset Conditions) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Deposit Rate0 means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Deposit Ratet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the Benchmark Rate Level for the Deposit Rate, 
determined as if the Rate Linked Asset Conditions apply, where relevant, to these Securities. 
Histvolb
a means, for a given value of "a" and a given Relevant Business Day "b", the result of the following formula: 
√252×√a×∑
ln ( Underlying Valuej
Underlying Valuej-1)
2
b-1
j=b-a
- (∑
ln ( Underlying Valuej
Underlying Valuej-1)
b-1
j=b-a
)
2
a(a-1)
 
where: 
ln means the mathematical term natural logarithm. 
∑
(x)
b-1
j=b-a
 means the summation of "x" for each Relevant Business Day in a sequence of "a" minus one (1) 
Relevant Business Days (starting on the day falling "a" number of Relevant Business Days prior to "b" 
and ending on the day falling one Relevant Business Day prior to "b"). 
Underlying Valuej
Underlying Valuej-1 means, on any Relevant Business Day, the Underlying Value on such day, divided by the 
Underlying Value on the previous Relevant Business Day. 
lag means the number of Relevant Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
n1 means the number of Relevant Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
n2 means the number of Relevant Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
NCBt means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
NCBt-1 - Underlying– Delta Units Valuet + (Deposit Ratet-1 × NCBt-1 × DCFi) - (Cost Rate × 
Strategy Valuet-1 × DCFc) 
NCB0 means the Specified Denomination or such other amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notional Cash Balance means NCBt as at the final Redemption Observation Date. 
Redemption Determination Date has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days specified in

--- Page 747 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
747 
 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Redemption Determination Date, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Datet means each of the numerical sequence of Redemption Observation Dates, starting 
with the first one, Redemption Observation Date1, and proceeding in chronological order thereafter. 
Relevant Business Days means the type of business days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Strategy Value0 means the result of the following formula: 
NCB0 + Aggregate Underlying Value0 
Strategy Valuet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Aggregate Underlying Valuet + NCBt 
TAt means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
TA%t × Strategy Valuet-1 
TA%t means (a) on the Redemption Determination Date, zero per cent., or such other amount specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, and (b) on each Redemption Observation Datet prior to the Redemption Determination 
Date, the result of following formula, expressed as a percentage: 
Min (100%,
VolCap
Volt
) 
Underlying means an underlying as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Delta Unitst means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
(TAt - Aggregate Underlying Valuet-1)
Underlying Valuet
 
Underlying Delta Units Valuet means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Underlying Delta Unitst × Underlying Valuet 
Underlying Value means, with respect to any Redemption Observation Date, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an FX rate, the relevant exchange rate; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level.

--- Page 748 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Standard Target Volatility Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
748 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive or negative value or be equal to zero (0) and 
will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuet means, on any Redemption Observation Datet, the Underlying Value on such date. 
VolCap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Volt means, on each Redemption Observation Datet, the result of the following formula: 
Max(HistVolt-lag
n1 , HistVolt-lag
n2 ) 
where: 
HistVolt-lag
n1“  means HistVolb
a where "a" equals n1 and b is the day falling "lag" number of Relevant Business 
Days prior to Redemption Observation Datet; and 
HistVolt-lag
n2“  means HistVolb
a where "a" equals n2 and b is the day falling "lag" number of Relevant Business 
Days prior to Redemption Observation Datet.

--- Page 749 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 10: Standard Drop-Back Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
749 
 
Standard Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 10: Standard Drop-Back Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Standard 
Drop-Back Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Conditions) will apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Standard Drop-Back Redemption (the Standard Drop-Back Redemption) is 
applicable. These Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Standard Drop-Back Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
STANDARD DROP-BACK REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the sum of: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the Initial Investment and (ii) the result of the Underlying Value2i divided by the 
Underlying Value1i; 
(b) 
the sum, in respect of each k from 1 to J, of the product of: 
(i) 
Trigger Eventk; 
(ii) 
Subsequent Investmentk; 
(iii) 
the sum of (A) the quotient of (I) UnderlyingValue2i and (II) Investment Levelk, and (B)the 
product of (I) Accrual Fractionk and (II) Fixed Rate; and 
(c) 
the sum, in respect of each k from 1 to J, of the product of: 
(i) 
1 (one) minus Trigger Eventk; 
(ii) 
Subsequent Investmentk;  
(iii) 
100% plus Fixed Rate. 
10.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Drop-Back Redemption is applicable will be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date as 
follows, expressed as a percentage: 
Initial Invesment × Underlying Value2i
Underlying Value1i
 
+ ∑Trigger Eventk × Subsequent Investmentk × [Underlying Value2i
Investment Levelk
+ Accrual Fractionk × Fixed Rate]
J
k=1
 
+ ∑(1 −Trigger Eventk)
J
k=1
× Subsequent Investmentk(100% + Fixed Rate) 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which Standard 
Drop-Back Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition shall be calculated in accordance with such Combination Payoff 
Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Standard Drop-Back Redemption

--- Page 750 ---
Annex 5 – Standard Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 10: Standard Drop-Back Redemption 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
750 
 
Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall be used in the relevant Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant 
General Redemption Payoffx. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
Accrual Fractionk means for each "k" from 1 to J, the number of calendar days from (and including) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day of the Trigger Observation Period to (but excluding) the Trigger Event Datek divided 
by the total number of calendar days in the Trigger Observation Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Fixed Rate means a percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Investment means a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investment Levelk means for each "k" from 1 to J: 
(a) 
If "option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Value(i) on the 
Trigger Event Datek.  
(b) 
If "option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Trigger Barrierk 
(expressed in percentage of the Underlying Value1i). 
J means a number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subsequent Investmentk means for each "k" from 1 to J, a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Trigger Barrierk means, for each "k" from 1 to J, a percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Trigger Eventk means, for each "k" from 1 to J, a number equal to: 
(a) 
1 (one), if, on at least one Scheduled Trading Day during the Trigger Observation Period, the Underlying 
Value(i) has been at or below the relevant Trigger Barrierk. In this case the Trigger Eventk will be 
deemed to have occurred and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trigger Eventk will only occur once. 
(b) 
0 (zero), otherwise. 
Trigger Event Datek means, for each "k" from 1 to J, the Scheduled Trading Day on which the Trigger Eventk 
has occurred. 
Trigger Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 751 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
751 
 
ANNEX 6 – COMBINATION PAYOFF CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the interest and/or redemption in 
respect of the Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the Linked Interest Rate on Linked Interest Securities and/or the Redemption Payoff 
on Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject 
to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Interest Payoff (the Constituent Combination Interest Payoff) is 
applicable for the purposes of another Combination Interest Payoff (the Primary Combination Interest Payoff) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Constituent Combination Interest Payoff shall only apply for the purposes 
of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Primary Combination Interest Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Redemption Payoff (the Constituent Combination Redemption 
Payoff) is applicable for the purposes of another Combination Redemption Payoff (the Primary Combination Redemption 
Payoff) specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Constituent Combination Redemption Payoff shall only 
apply for the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such Primary Combination 
Redemption Payoff. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff Feature 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Combination Interest Payoff shall only apply for the purposes 
of determining the relevant Linked Interest Rate in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Redemption Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Payoff 
Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, such Combination Redemption Payoff shall only apply for 
the purposes of determining the relevant Redemption Payoff in accordance with such Payoff Feature. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that a Combination Interest Payoff is applicable for the purposes of a Redemption 
Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, such Combination Interest Payoff shall only apply for the purposes of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount, Instalment Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the applicable 
Redemption Method. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Combination Payoff Conditions) that shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Combination Payoff Conditions is 
applicable. Only those chapters containing a payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable will apply to a 
particular Series of Securities. The Combination Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Combination Payoff Conditions are set out as follows: 
Part A 
Combination Interest Payoff Conditions 
The interest payable (if any) on the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance 
with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), which will use one or more Linked 
Interest Rates determined in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions and Combination Payoff Conditions (as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 5 (Standard Payoff Conditions) and 
this Annex 6), (ii) use one or more Linked Interest Rates, determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow, 
as component(s) of a formula if a Combination Interest Payoff is applicable (as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and (iii) be affected by a Payoff Feature which is dependent on the Linked Interest Rate determined in accordance 
with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail 
in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions)).

--- Page 752 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
752 
 
Combination Addition Interest 
Chapter 1 
Combination Capitalisation Interest 
Chapter 2 
Combination Digital Interest 
Chapter 3 
Combination Division Interest 
Chapter 4 
Combination Multiplication Interest 
Chapter 5 
Combination Ratchet Interest 
Chapter 6 
Combination Range Interest 
Chapter 7 
Combination Snowrange Interest 
Chapter 8 
Combination Subtract Interest 
Chapter 9 
Combination Maximum Interest 
Chapter 10 
Combination Minimum Interest 
Chapter 11 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest 
Chapter 12 
Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest 
Chapter 13 
Combination Digital Performance Interest 
Chapter 14 
Part B 
Combination Redemption Payoff Conditions 
The amount payable on redemption (if any) of the Securities may (i) be calculated using the Redemption Payoff determined 
in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) which will use one 
or more Redemption Payoffs determined in accordance with the Standard Payoff Conditions and Combination Payoff 
Conditions (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as described in greater detail in Annex 5 (Standard 
Payoff Conditions) and this Annex 6), (ii) use one or more Redemption Payoffs, determined in accordance with one of the 
chapters which follow, as a component of a formula if a Combination Redemption Payoff is applicable (as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and (iii) be affected by a Payoff Feature which is dependent on the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with one of the chapters which follow (as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and as 
described in greater detail in Annex 7 (Payoff Feature Conditions)). 
Combination Addition Redemption 
Chapter 1 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption 
Chapter 2 
Combination Digital Redemption 
Chapter 3 
Combination Division Redemption 
Chapter 4 
Combination Multiplication Redemption 
Chapter 5 
Combination Ratchet Redemption 
Chapter 6 
Combination Range Redemption 
Chapter 7 
Combination Subtract Redemption 
Part 
B: 
Chapter 8 
Combination Maximum Redemption 
Chapter 9

--- Page 753 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
753 
 
Combination Minimum Redemption 
Chapter 10 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption 
Chapter 11 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption 
Chapter 12 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption 
Chapter 13

--- Page 754 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
754 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Addition Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Addition Interest (the Combination Addition Interest) is applicable. 
These Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
COMBINATION ADDITION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the result of adding together the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1, the 
Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2 and the Linked Interest Rate calculated using 
General Interest Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of 
how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant 
General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
1.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Addition Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, General Interest Payoff1 + General Interest Payoff2+ General Interest Payoff3)] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Addition Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Addition Interest Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Addition Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Addition Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity.

--- Page 755 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
755 
 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and 
General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 756 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
756 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Capitalisation Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Capitalisation Interest (the Combination Capitalisation 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
COMBINATION CAPITALISATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) Previous Interest Amount multiplied by the result of Leverage, multiplied by the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff1 added to 1. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the 
Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff 
Condition. 
2.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Capitalisation Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as 
follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, Previous Interest Amount × (1 + Leverage × General Interest Payoff1))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Capitalisation Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Condition 2.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Capitalisation Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Capitalisation Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity.

--- Page 757 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
757 
 
First Interest Amount Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means the General Interest 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a specified 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific Interest Accrual Period 
as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, either (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination 
(or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) in 
the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the First Interest Amount 
Percentage, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 758 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
758 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Interest (the Combination Digital Interest) is applicable. These 
Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
COMBINATION DIGITAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy reaches 
the relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest 
Observation Period, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff or (b) otherwise, 
the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff7. The value of the Underlying will therefore affect 
which General Payoff Condition is used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities. You 
should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked 
Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff 
Condition. 
3.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Digital Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB1] [higher than or equal to CIB1] [lower than CIB1] 
[lower than or equal to CIB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff1; 
(ii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB2] [higher than or equal to CIB2] [lower than CIB2] 
[lower than or equal to CIB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff2; 
(iii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB3] [higher than or equal to CIB3] [lower than CIB3] 
[lower than or equal to CIB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff3; 
(iv) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB4] [higher than or equal to CIB4] [lower than CIB4] 
[lower than or equal to CIB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time]

--- Page 759 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
759 
 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff4; 
(v) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB5] [higher than or equal to CIB5] [lower than CIB5] 
[lower than or equal to CIB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff5; 
(vi) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CIB6] [higher than or equal to CIB6] [lower than CIB6] 
[lower than or equal to CIB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on [the] [the current] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] 
[on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all 
Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff6; or 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Interest Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Digital Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Digital Interest Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Digital Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest Payoff1, 
General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, 
General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means the General Interest 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 760 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 4: Combination Division Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
760 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 4: Combination Division Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Division Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Division Interest (the Combination Division Interest) is applicable. 
These Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
COMBINATION DIVISION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 divided by the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff2. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated 
using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
4.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Division Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min [Cap; Max(Floor, ( General Interest Payoff1
General Interest Payoff2
))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Division Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Division Interest Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Division Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7 and General Interest Payoff8 is a Standard 
Interest Payoff. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Division Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity.

--- Page 761 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 4: Combination Division Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
761 
 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7 and General Interest Payoff8 
each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 762 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
762 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Multiplication Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Multiplication Interest (the Combination Multiplication 
Interest) is applicable. These Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
COMBINATION MULTIPLICATION INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 multiplied by the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff2 multiplied by the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest 
Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest 
Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
5.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Multiplication Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as 
follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, (General Interest Payoff1 × General Interest Payoff2 × General Interest Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Multiplication Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate 
determined in accordance with Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Condition 5.1(a) shall be used 
in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, 
provided that Combination Multiplication Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and 
General Interest Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Multiplication Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6),

--- Page 763 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
763 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and 
General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 764 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
764 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Ratchet Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Ratchet Interest (the Combination Ratchet Interest) is applicable. 
These Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
COMBINATION RATCHET INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the Previous Interest Amount added to the result of Leverage multiplied by the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff1. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated 
using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
6.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Ratchet Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min (Cap; Max (Floor, Previous Interest Amount + Leverage × General Interest Payoff1)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Ratchet Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Condition 6.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Ratchet Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means:

--- Page 765 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
765 
 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
First Interest Amount Percentage means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means the General Interest 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a specified 
Interest Accrual Period, the annualised Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific Interest 
Accrual Period as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the annualised Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual 
Period; 
in each case divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, either (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination 
(or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) in 
the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the First Interest Amount 
Percentage, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 766 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Combination Range Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
766 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 7: Combination Range Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Range Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Range Interest (the Combination Range Interest) is applicable. These 
Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
COMBINATION RANGE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 multiplied by the Accrual Factor. 
The Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to, among other things, each Underlying Valuei. The value of the 
Underlying will therefore affect the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate 
the Linked Interest Rate. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how 
to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff1 used as a component 
for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
7.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Range Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, General Interest Payoff1 × Accrual Factor)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Range Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Range Interest Payoff Condition 7.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Range Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when General Interest Payoff1 is a Standard 
Interest Payoff. 
7.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides that 
"Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions to 
"Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Combination Range Interest Payoff Condition 7.3 
below) shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
7.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Range Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in the 
relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range, 
divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Interest Observation Period, in each case as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are expressed in the applicable

--- Page 767 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Combination Range Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
767 
 
Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the Underlying Value in respect of any 
Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of either 
the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
General Interest Payoff1 means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, 
an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, 
which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or Business Day within a week, each 
calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within such Interest Observation Period. 
Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the subscript 
"y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi (as applicable) and all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation Period Cut-Off 
Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on such Interest 
Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or

--- Page 768 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Combination Range Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
768 
 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 769 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 8: Combination Snowrange Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
769 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 8: Combination Snowrange Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Snowrange Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Snowrange Interest (the Combination Snowrange Interest) is 
applicable. These Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
COMBINATION SNOWRANGE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the Previous Interest Amount multiplied by the Accrual Factor. The Previous Interest Amount is 
calculated, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, by reference to General Interest Payoff1 and, in the case 
of each subsequent Interest Accrual Period, by reference to the Interest Amount calculated for the previous Interest 
Accrual Period. The Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to, among other things, each Underlying Valuei. 
The value of the Underlying will therefore affect the value of the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component of 
the formula used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General 
Interest Payoff1 used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
8.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Snowrange Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Previous Interest Amount × Accrual Factor) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Snowrange Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Snowrange Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when General Interest Payoff1 is 
a Standard Interest Payoff. 
8.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides 
that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions 
to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Condition 
8.3 below) shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
8.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Snowrange Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:

--- Page 770 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 8: Combination Snowrange Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
770 
 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in the 
relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which each Underlying Valuei was within the within the 
Underlying Valuei Range, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Interest Observation Period, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are 
expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
General Interest Payoff1 means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a specified 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific Interest Accrual Period 
as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, either (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination 
(or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) in 
the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount 
Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the percentage calculated 
using General Interest Payoff1, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount 
Percentage. 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period and an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, 
an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy), each date specified as a Range Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, 
which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day or Business Day within a week, each 
calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within such Interest Observation Period. 
Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the subscript 
"y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi (as applicable) and all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level;

--- Page 771 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 8: Combination Snowrange Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
771 
 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level, 
provided that if an Interest Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Interest Observation Period Cut-Off 
Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on such Interest 
Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 772 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 9: Combination Subtract Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
772 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 9: Combination Subtract Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Subtract Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Subtract Interest (the Combination Subtract Interest) is applicable. 
These Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
COMBINATION SUBTRACT INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the product of (A) the Leverage and (B) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest 
Payoff1 minus the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2 minus the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated 
using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
9.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Subtract Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min (Cap, Max(Floor, Leverage × (Global Interest Payoff1-Global Interest Payoff2-Global Interest Payoff3))) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Subtract Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Subtract Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Subtract Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity.

--- Page 773 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 9: Combination Subtract Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
773 
 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and 
General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 774 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Combination Maximum Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
774 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 10: Combination Maximum Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Maximum Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Maximum Interest (the Combination Maximum Interest) is 
applicable. These Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
COMBINATION MAXIMUM INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor, (ii) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1, (iii) the Linked Interest Rate 
calculated using General Interest Payoff2 and (iv) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest 
Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest 
Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
10.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Maximum Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max (Floor, General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3))  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Maximum Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Maximum Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Maximum Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity.

--- Page 775 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Combination Maximum Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
775 
 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and 
General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 776 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 11: Combination Minimum Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
776 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 11: Combination Minimum Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Minimum Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Minimum Interest (the Combination Minimum Interest) is 
applicable. These Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
COMBINATION MINIMUM INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the lesser of (A) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1, (B) the Linked 
Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff2. and (C) the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General 
Interest Payoff3.You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to 
calculate the Linked Interest Rate (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant 
General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
11.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Minimum Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max (Floor, Min (General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Minimum Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in 
accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate determined in 
accordance with Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Condition 11.1(a) shall be used in the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, provided that 
Combination Minimum Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Interest 
Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, General Interest 
Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and General Interest 
Payoff9 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
11.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Minimum Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity.

--- Page 777 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 11: Combination Minimum Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
777 
 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8, General Interest Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7, General Interest Payoff8 and 
General Interest Payoff9 each means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 778 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
778 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest (the Combination Payoff-
Linked Digital Interest) is applicable. These Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
12. 
COMBINATION PAYOFF-LINKED DIGITAL INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the General Interest Payoff2 is 
within the Range, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff1 or (b) otherwise, the Fixed 
Rate. The value of the General Interest Payoff2, which may depend on the value of an Underlying, will therefore 
affect which rate is used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities. You should also refer to 
the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated 
using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
12.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Payoff-Linked Digital Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
as follows: 
(i) 
if General Interest Payoff2 is within the Range on the relevant Interest Observation Date, General 
Interest Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, be equal to the Fixed Rate. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Payoff-Linked Digital Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate 
determined in accordance with Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Payoff Condition 12.1(a) shall 
be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest may only be applicable as a relevant 
General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities 
when each of General Interest Payoff1 and General Interest Payoff2 is a Standard Interest Payoff. 
12.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
General Interest Payoff1 or General Interest Payoff2 means the General Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Observation Date means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days immediately preceding 
the first or last day of such Interest Accrual Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and each such date 
shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Linked Interest Rate, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 779 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 13: Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
779 
 
 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 13: Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest (the Combination Ladder 
Ratchet Interest) is applicable. These Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
COMBINATION LADDER RATCHET INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap (which may be an Interest 
Amount with respect to a preceding Interest Accrual Period) and (b) the greater of (i) the Floor (which may be an 
Interest Amount with respect to a preceding Interest Accrual Period) and (ii) General Interest Payoff1. You should 
also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate 
(and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
13.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Ladder Ratchet Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as 
follows: 
Min(Cap, Max (Floor, General Interest Payoff1)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Ladder Ratchet Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate 
determined in accordance with Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Condition 13.1(a) shall be 
used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as applicable, 
provided that Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest may only be applicable as a relevant General Interest 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard Interest 
Payoff. 
13.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or

--- Page 780 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 13: Combination Ladder Ratchet Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
780 
 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
First Interest Amount Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6, General Interest Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if "Previous Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Previous Interest Amount. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the 
Floor shall be minus infinity. 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means the General Interest 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Amount Percentage means: 
(a) 
if "Specific Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to a specified 
Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the previous specific Interest Accrual Period 
as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if "Previous Interest Accrual Period" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Amount with respect to the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period; 
in each case divided by the Day Count Fraction divided by (i) in the case of Securities represented by a Global 
Security, either (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities or (ii) the nominal amount 
represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) in the case of each Security in definitive form, the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as a percentage. 
Previous Interest Amount means (a) with respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the First Interest Amount 
Percentage, and (b) with respect to all other Interest Accrual Periods, the Interest Amount Percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 781 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 14: Combination Digital Performance Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
781 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part A: Chapter 14: Combination Digital Performance Interest 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Performance Interest to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Performance Interest (the Combination Digital 
Performance Interest) is applicable. These Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. 
COMBINATION DIGITAL PERFORMANCE INTEREST 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_CI reaches the 
relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either on the Interest Observation Date(s) or during the Interest 
Observation Period, the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant General Interest Payoff or (b) otherwise, 
the Linked Interest Rate calculated using General Interest Payoff7. You should also refer to the relevant General 
Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant 
General Interest Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
14.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
(a) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Digital Performance Interest is applicable in respect of such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB1] [higher than or equal to CIB1] [lower than CIB1] [lower 
than or equal to CIB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff1; 
(ii) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB2] [higher than or equal to CIB2] [lower than CIB2] [lower 
than or equal to CIB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff2; 
(iii) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB3] [higher than or equal to CIB3] [lower than CIB3] [lower 
than or equal to CIB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff3; 
(iv) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB4] [higher than or equal to CIB4] [lower than CIB4] [lower 
than or equal to CIB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at

--- Page 782 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 14: Combination Digital Performance Interest  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
782 
 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff4; 
(v) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB5] [higher than or equal to CIB5] [lower than CIB5] [lower 
than or equal to CIB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period:  
General Interest Payoff5; 
(vi) 
if Performance_CI is [higher than CIB6] [higher than or equal to CIB6] [lower than CIB6] [lower 
than or equal to CIB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] 
[at least one previous] [each previous] Interest Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled 
Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Interest Observation Period: 
General Interest Payoff6; or 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Interest Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to an Interest Accrual Period for Securities for which Combination 
Digital Performance Interest is applicable as a relevant General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any 
applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Linked Interest Rate 
determined in accordance with Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Condition 14.1(a) shall 
be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Interest Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Digital Performance Interest may only be applicable as a relevant 
General Interest Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities 
when each of General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest 
Payoff4, General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 is a Standard 
Interest Payoff. 
14.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Performance Interest Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
General Interest Payoff1, General Interest Payoff2, General Interest Payoff3, General Interest Payoff4, 
General Interest Payoff5, General Interest Payoff6 and General Interest Payoff7 each means the General Interest 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 783 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
783 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Addition Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Addition Redemption (the Combination Addition Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
COMBINATION ADDITION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the result of adding together the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1, 
the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 and the Redemption Payoff calculated using 
General Redemption Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation 
of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the 
relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
1.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Addition Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
Min[Cap, Max(Floor, General Redemption Payoff1 + General Redemption Payoff2 + General Redemption Payoff3)] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Addition Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Condition 1.1(a) shall 
be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Addition Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when 
each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Addition Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6),

--- Page 784 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 1: Combination Addition Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
784 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the General Redemption 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 785 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
785 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify Combination 
Capitalisation Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Capitalisation Redemption (the Combination 
Capitalisation Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
COMBINATION CAPITALISATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the 
lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the Alternative Redemption multiplied by the result of 
Leverage multiplied by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 added to 1. You should 
also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff 
(and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
2.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min[Cap, Max(Floor, Alternative Redemption × (1 + Leverage × General Redemption Payoff1))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Capitalisation Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Condition 2.1(a) 
shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, 
as applicable, provided that Combination Capitalisation Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant 
General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for 
Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption 
Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and 
General Redemption Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Capitalisation Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Alternative Redemption means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities, the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 on the Redemption Determination Date;

--- Page 786 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Combination Capitalisation Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
786 
 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities: 
(i) 
if "Specific Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with 
respect to a specified Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the previous specific Redemption 
Determination Date as so specified in the applicable Final terms; 
(ii) 
if "Previous Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with 
respect to a Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance 
with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the immediately preceding Redemption 
Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
with respect to the first Redemption Determination Date, the First Redemption Amount. 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
First Redemption Amount means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 787 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
787 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Redemption (the Combination Digital Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
COMBINATION DIGITAL REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Underlying Valuexy reaches the 
relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either the Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the 
Redemption Observation Period, the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff 
or (b) otherwise, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff7. You should also refer to 
the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated 
using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
3.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
(i) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB1] [higher than or equal to CRB1] [lower than CRB1] 
[lower than or equal to CRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB2] [higher than or equal to CRB2] [lower than CRB2] 
[lower than or equal to CRB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff2; or 
(iii) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB3] [higher than or equal to CRB3] [lower than CRB3] 
[lower than or equal to CRB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff3; or

--- Page 788 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 3: Combination Digital Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
788 
 
(iv) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB4] [higher than or equal to CRB4] [lower than CRB4] 
[lower than or equal to CRB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff4; or 
(v) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB5] [higher than or equal to CRB5] [lower than CRB5] 
[lower than or equal to CRB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff5; or 
(vi) 
if Underlying Valuexy is [higher than CRB6] [higher than or equal to CRB6] [lower than CRB6] 
[lower than or equal to CRB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff6; or 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Redemption Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Condition 3.1(a) shall be used in 
the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, 
provided that Combination Digital Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 789 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Combination Division Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
789 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 4: Combination Division Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Division Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Division Redemption (the Combination Division Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
COMBINATION DIVISION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the lesser of (a) 
Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 divided by the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) 
calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
4.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Division Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
Min [Cap; Max (Floor, (General Redemption Payoff1
General Redemption Payoff2
))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Division Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Division Redemption Payoff Condition 4.1(a) shall 
be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Division Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when 
each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7 and General Redemption Payoff8 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Division Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5),

--- Page 790 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Combination Division Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
790 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable"', the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7 and General Redemption Payoff8 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 791 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
791 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Multiplication Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Multiplication Redemption (the Combination 
Multiplication Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
COMBINATION MULTIPLICATION REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 multiplied by the Redemption 
Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 multiplied by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General 
Redemption Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to 
calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant 
General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
5.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Multiplication Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, (General Redemption Payoff1 × General Redemption Payoff2 × General Redemption Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Multiplication Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Condition 5.1(a) 
shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, 
as applicable, provided that Combination Multiplication Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant 
General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for 
Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption 
Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, 
General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a Standard 
Redemption Payoff. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Multiplication Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6),

--- Page 792 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Combination Multiplication Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
792 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the General Redemption 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 793 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
793 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Ratchet Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Ratchet Redemption (the Combination Ratchet Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
COMBINATION RATCHET REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the 
lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) Alternative Redemption added to the result of Leverage 
multiplied by the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1. You should also refer to the 
relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
6.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Ratchet Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Alternative Redemption + Leverage × General Redemption Payoff1)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Ratchet Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Condition 6.1(a) shall be used in 
the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, 
provided that Combination Ratchet Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Ratchet Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Alternative Redemption means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities, the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 on the Redemption Determination Date; 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities:

--- Page 794 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 6: Combination Ratchet Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
794 
 
(i) 
if "Specific Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with 
respect to a specified Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff determined in 
accordance with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the previous specific Redemption 
Determination Date as so specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if "Previous Redemption Determination Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, with 
respect to a Redemption Determination Date, the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance 
with Standard Redemption Payoff1 with respect to the immediately preceding Redemption 
Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
with respect to the first Redemption Determination Date in the case of Instalment Securities, the 
First Redemption Amount. 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
First Redemption Amount means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 795 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Combination Range Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
795 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 7: Combination Range Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Range Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Range Redemption (the Combination Range Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
COMBINATION RANGE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor and (ii) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 multiplied by the Accrual 
Factor. The Accrual Factor is calculated by reference to each Underlying Valuei. The value of the Underlying will 
therefore affect the Accrual Factor, which is used as a component of the formula used to calculate the Redemption 
Payoff. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
7.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Range Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination Date 
as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, General Redemption Payoff1× Accrual Factor)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Range Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes 
of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) shall be 
calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff 
determined in accordance with Combination Range Redemption Payoff Condition 7.1(a) shall be used in 
the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, 
provided that Combination Range Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption 
Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when General 
Redemption Payoff1 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
7.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions, the applicable Final Terms provides 
that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions 
to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition of such term in Combination Range Redemption Payoff Condition 
7.3 below) shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
7.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Range Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Accrual Factor means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, the number of Range Accrual Days in 
the relevant Redemption Observation Period in respect of which each Underlying Valuei was within the Underlying

--- Page 796 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Combination Range Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
796 
 
Valuei Range, divided by the total number of Range Accrual Days in such Redemption Observation Period, in each 
case as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the purposes hereof, (and where Range Accrual Days are 
expressed in the applicable Final Terms as falling on calendar days which may not be Business Days) the 
Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Underlying Value in respect of either the immediately preceding or the immediately following Business Day, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
General Redemption Payoff1 means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy) 
Range Accrual Day means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as a Range 
Accrual Day in the applicable Final Terms, which may be each Business Day, each calendar day, each calendar day 
or Business Day within a week, each calendar day or Business Day within a month, or any other day, falling within 
such Redemption Observation Period. Each Range Accrual Day shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for 
the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means: 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an Early 
Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to but 
excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on and including 
the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately 
preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date means the date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlyingi means an Underlying corresponding to an i, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the subscript 
"y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi and (as applicable) all Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a 
Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day or a Relevant Timing, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level;

--- Page 797 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Combination Range Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
797 
 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlying which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level, 
provided that if a Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underlying Value in respect of any Range Accrual Day falling on or after the Redemption Observation 
Period Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be the Underlying Value in respect of the Range Accrual Day falling on 
such Redemption Observation Period Cut-Off Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i: 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to an Underlyingi (or, as applicable, an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 798 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Combination Subtract Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
798 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 8: Combination Subtract Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Subtract Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Subtract Redemption (the Combination Subtract Redemption) is 
applicable. These Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
COMBINATION SUBTRACT REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the 
lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the product of (A) the Leverage and (B) the Redemption 
Payoff calculated using General Interest Payoff1 minus the Redemption Payoff calculated using General 
Redemption Payoff2 minus the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff3. You should also 
refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, 
if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
8.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Subtract Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, Leverage × (General Redemption Payoff1 - General Redemption Payoff2 - General Redemption Payoff3))]  
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Subtract Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Condition 8.1(a) shall be 
used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Subtract Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when 
each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
8.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Subtract Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6),

--- Page 799 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Combination Subtract Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
799 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the General Redemption 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 800 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Combination Maximum Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
800 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 9: Combination Maximum Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Maximum Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Maximum Redemption (the Combination Maximum 
Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
COMBINATION MAXIMUM REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as the lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) 
Floor, (ii) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1, (iii) the Redemption Payoff 
calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 and (iv) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption 
Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption 
Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
9.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Maximum Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
Min(Cap, Max(Floor, General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3)) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Maximum Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Condition 9.1(a) shall 
be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Maximum Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant 
General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for 
Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption 
Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, 
General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 or General Redemption Payoff9 is a Standard 
Redemption Payoff. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Maximum Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6),

--- Page 801 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Combination Maximum Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
801 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the General Redemption 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 802 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 10: Combination Minimum Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
802 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 10: Combination Minimum Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Minimum Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Minimum Redemption (the Combination Minimum 
Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
COMBINATION MINIMUM REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as the 
lesser of (a) Cap and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the lesser of (A) the Redemption Payoff calculated using 
General Redemption Payoff1, (B) the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff2 and (C) the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff3. You should also refer to the relevant General 
Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if applicable, the Floor 
and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this 
Combination Payoff Condition. 
10.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Minimum Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption Determination 
Date as follows: 
Min[Cap; Max(Floor, Min(General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3))] 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Minimum Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the 
purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff Condition) 
shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the Redemption 
Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Condition 10.1(a) shall 
be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as 
applicable, provided that Combination Minimum Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant 
General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for 
Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption 
Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, 
General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 is a Standard 
Redemption Payoff. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Minimum Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6); or

--- Page 803 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 10: Combination Minimum Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
803 
 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8, General Redemption Payoff9), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption 
Payoff7, General Redemption Payoff8 and General Redemption Payoff9 each means the General Redemption 
Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 804 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 11: Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
804 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 11: Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency 
Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff 
Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Complex Digital Basket 
Contingency Redemption (the Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption) is applicable. These 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff 
Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have 
the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
COMBINATION COMPLEX DIGITAL BASKET CONTINGENCY REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff is calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as either (A) if the Underlying Valuei 
is within the Underlying Valuei Range on each relevant Redemption Observation Date, being the lesser of (a) Cap 
and (b) the greater of (i) Floor and (ii) the result of Leverage multiplied by Redemption Payoff calculated using 
General Redemption Payoff1 then added to Margin or (B) otherwise, being the greater of (a) 0 and (b) Fixed 
Percentage minus Unwind Costs. The Underlying Valuei is calculated by reference to the price, level or rate of the 
Underlyingi or, if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the Final Terms, is calculated 
by reference to the price, level or rate of the Underlyingix and of the Underlyingiy at the relevant time, as applicable. 
The value of the Underlyingi (or, as applicable, the relevant Underlyingix and Underlyingiy) will therefore affect 
which rate is used to calculate the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities. You should also refer to the 
relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff (and, if 
applicable, the Floor and/or the Cap) calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff1 used as a 
component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
11.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such 
Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if each Underlying Valuei is within the Underlying Valuei Range on each Redemption 
Observation Date, be calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, Leverage × General Redemption Payoff1 + Margin)) 
and expressed as a percentage; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, be calculated on the Redemption Determination Date as follows: 
Max (0, Fixed Percentage - Unwind Costs) 
and expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption is applicable as a relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary 
Combination Payoff Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination 
Payoff Condition and the Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Complex 
Digital Basket Contingency Payoff Condition 11.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition as the relevant General Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Complex

--- Page 805 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 11: Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
805 
 
Digital Basket Contingency Redemption may only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General 
Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption 
Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption Payoff7 is a 
Standard Redemption Payoff. 
11.2 
Relevant Observation 
Where, in relation to these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Conditions, the 
applicable Final Terms provides that "Relevant Observation" is applicable, references in these Combination 
Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Conditions to "Underlying Value" (save for the definition 
of such term in Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Condition 11.3 below) shall 
be deemed to be references to the applicable Relevant Observation. 
11.3 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption Payoff Conditions, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Cap means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Cap is specified as "Not Applicable", the Cap shall be infinity. 
Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date falling prior to the Issue Date and specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means: 
(a) 
the percentage or number; or 
(b) 
Min (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7); or 
(c) 
Max (General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6, General Redemption Payoff7), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Floor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Floor shall be minus 
infinity. 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to the relevant Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days immediately 
preceding the first or last day of such Redemption Observation Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Redemption Observation Period means:

--- Page 806 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 11: Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
806 
 
(a) 
with respect to Securities, other than Instalment Securities or for the purposes of calculating an Early 
Redemption Amount, the period specified as the Redemption Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
with respect to Instalment Securities, the period from and including the Commencement Date to but 
excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms 
immediately preceding the first Instalment Date and each successive period beginning on and including 
the date falling such number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms immediately 
preceding an Instalment Date to but excluding the date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the following Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of calculating an Early Redemption Amount, the period from and including the 
Commencement Date to and including the date falling such number of Business Days as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Early Redemption Date. 
Underlyingi means any Commodity, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest or 
Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, each an Underlying. For the avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined 
in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlyingix or Underlyingiy means an Underlying bearing the subscript "x" or an Underlying bearing the subscript 
"y" respectively, each corresponding to an i, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all Underlyingi, Underlyingix and Underlyingiy together constitute a Basket or a Multi-Asset 
Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the applicable Asset Conditions). 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Redemption Observation Date or a Relevant Timing, as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is an Index, the Index Level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlyingi which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlying which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuei means: 
(a) 
the Underlying Value of an Underlyingi; or 
(b) 
if a combination of an Underlyingix and an Underlyingiy is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
same i:

--- Page 807 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 11: Combination Complex Digital Basket Contingency Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
807 
 
(i) 
the sum of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Addition" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(ii) 
the algebraical difference between the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix and the Underlying 
Value of such Underlyingiy, if "Subtraction" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
relevant formula for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iii) 
the product of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula 
for the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy; or 
(iv) 
the quotient of the Underlying Value of such Underlyingix by the Underlying Value of such 
Underlyingiy, if "Division" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for 
the combination of Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
(v) 
the result of Applicable Formula(Underlyingix, Underlyingiy), if "Applicable Formula" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant formula for the combination of 
Underlyingix and Underlyingiy. 
Underlying Valuei Range means the Range specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding to 
the relevant Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Upper Limiti means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and corresponding 
to the relevant Underlyingi (or, as applicable, to Underlyingix and Underlyingiy). 
Unwind Costs means, (i) in the case of a Redemption Determination Date corresponding to an Early Redemption 
Date, zero (0) or (ii) in the case of a Redemption Determination Date corresponding to the Redemption Date or an 
Instalment Date, an amount, equal to such Security's pro rata portion of the value (determined in the currency in 
which the Securities are denominated) of any losses, expenses and costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates who may have hedged the price risk of the Securities and any loss of tax relief or other tax consequences 
of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related swap agreement or other hedging arrangements, all as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, divided by (a) in the case of Securities represented by a 
Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in the case of each Security in 
definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor, expressed as a 
percentage. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 808 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
808 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption (the Combination 
Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
12. 
COMBINATION PAYOFF-LINKED DIGITAL REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the General Redemption Payoff2 is 
within the Range, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff1 or (b) otherwise, the Fixed 
Percentage. The value of the General Redemption Payoff2, which may depend on the value of an Underlying, will 
therefore affect which rate is used to calculate the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities. You should also 
refer to the relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff 
calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff 
Condition. 
12.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if General Redemption Payoff2 is within the Range on the Redemption Observation Date, General 
Redemption Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, be equal to the Fixed Percentage. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx 
for the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the 
Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption 
Condition 12.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption may 
only be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable 
Combination Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1 and General 
Redemption Payoff2 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
12.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
General Redemption Payoff1 and General Redemption Payoff2 each means the General Redemption Payoff 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Observation Date means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date, each date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, alternatively, each date falling such number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Final Terms immediately preceding the Redemption Determination Date, and each such date shall 
be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 809 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 12: Combination Payoff-Linked Digital Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
809 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where multiple Underlyings are used in the calculation of the Redemption Payoff, they 
will together be treated as a Basket or a Multi-Asset Basket, as applicable (each as defined in the Asset Conditions).

--- Page 810 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 13: Combination Digital Performance Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
810 
 
Combination Payoff Conditions: Part B: Chapter 13: Combination Digital Performance Redemption 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions) shall apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Combination Digital Performance Redemption (the Combination 
Digital Performance Redemption) is applicable. These Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions 
are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
COMBINATION DIGITAL PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities is calculated as either (a) if the Performance_CR reaches the 
relevant Barrier or is within the relevant Range either the Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the 
Redemption Observation Period, the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant General Redemption Payoff 
or (b) otherwise, the Redemption Payoff calculated using General Redemption Payoff7. You should also refer to the 
relevant General Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using 
the relevant General Redemption Payoff used as a component for this Combination Payoff Condition. 
13.1 
Redemption Payoff 
(a) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption is applicable shall be calculated on such Redemption 
Determination Date as follows: 
(i) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB1] [higher than or equal to CRB1] [lower than CRB1] 
[lower than or equal to CRB1] [within Range1] [outside Range1] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period:  
General Redemption Payoff1; or 
(ii) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB2] [higher than or equal to CRB2] [lower than CRB2] 
[lower than or equal to CRB2] [within Range2] [outside Range2] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period:  
General Redemption Payoff2; or 
(iii) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB3] [higher than or equal to CRB3] [lower than CRB3] 
[lower than or equal to CRB3] [within Range3] [outside Range3] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period:  
General Redemption Payoff3; or

--- Page 811 ---
Annex 6 – Combination Payoff Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 13: Combination Digital Performance Redemption  
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
811 
 
(iv) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB4] [higher than or equal to CRB4] [lower than CRB4] 
[lower than or equal to CRB4] [within Range4] [outside Range4] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period:  
General Redemption Payoff4; or 
(v) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB5] [higher than or equal to CRB5] [lower than CRB5] 
[lower than or equal to CRB5] [within Range5] [outside Range5] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period:  
General Redemption Payoff5; or 
(vi) 
if Performance_CR is [higher than CRB6] [higher than or equal to CRB6] [lower than CRB6] 
[lower than or equal to CRB6] [within Range6] [outside Range6] either (A) on [the] [the last] 
[each] [at least one previous] [each previous] Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one 
time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on 
all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during the Redemption Observation 
Period: 
General Redemption Payoff6; or 
(vii) 
otherwise, General Redemption Payoff7. 
(b) 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to a Redemption Determination Date for Securities for which 
Combination Digital Performance Redemption is applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for 
the purposes of any applicable Combination Payoff Condition (the Primary Combination Payoff 
Condition) shall be calculated in accordance with such Primary Combination Payoff Condition and the 
Redemption Payoff determined in accordance with Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff 
Condition 13.1(a) shall be used in the Primary Combination Payoff Condition as the relevant General 
Redemption Payoffx, as applicable, provided that Combination Digital Performance Redemption may only 
be applicable as a relevant General Redemption Payoffx for the purposes of any applicable Combination 
Payoff Condition for Securities when each of General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, 
General Redemption Payoff3, General Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General 
Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption Payoff7 is a Standard Redemption Payoff. 
13.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Combination Digital Performance Redemption Payoff Conditions, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
General Redemption Payoff1, General Redemption Payoff2, General Redemption Payoff3, General 
Redemption Payoff4, General Redemption Payoff5, General Redemption Payoff6 and General Redemption 
Payoff7 each means the General Redemption Payoff specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 812 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
812 
 
ANNEX 7 – PAYOFF FEATURE CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions for Securities, which apply one or more features (if 
any) to the interest and/or redemption mechanics as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Payoff Features shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Payoff Feature Conditions) that shall apply to Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Payoff Feature Conditions is applicable, each such 
chapter being in respect of, and comprising the terms and conditions in respect of, a Payoff Feature. Only those chapters 
containing a Payoff Feature specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable will apply to a particular Series of 
Securities. The Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Payoff Feature Conditions are set out as follows:  
Part A 
 
Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 2 
Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 3 
Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 4 
Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 5 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 6 
Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 7 
Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 8 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 9 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 10 
Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 11 
Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 12 
Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 13 
Part B 
 
Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 2 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 3 
Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 4 
Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 5

--- Page 813 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
813 
 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 6 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 7 
Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 8 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 9 
Part C 
 
Interest and Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Additive Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Part D 
 
Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1 
Part E 
 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
Chapter 1

--- Page 814 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
814 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature (Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature) 
is applicable. These Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
1. 
INVESTOR INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may, at their option, request or, as applicable, elect to switch the basis on which 
interest is calculated from (i) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to (ii) calculation of the 
Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2, by sending a notice on or prior to an Investor Interest Switch Expiry 
Date. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
1.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
Qualifying Securityholders may request, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, to switch the basis on 
which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 in accordance with these Investor 
Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions (the Investor Interest Switch Option). On any Business Day 
during the Interest Accrual Period to which the Investor Interest Switch Option applies, on or after the 
Investor Interest Switch Notice Time on the Investor Interest Switch Notice Date and on or before the 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Time on the Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date, the Qualifying 
Securityholders, at their option, may deliver an Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice (with a copy to 
the Principal Paying Agent) specifying (as the case may be) Linked Interest2. An Investor Interest Potential 
Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer that the Securities to which 
the Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice relates are held by the relevant Securityholder and (ii) 
confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant 
Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain 
so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which such Investor Interest Potential 
Switch Notice is delivered by the Securityholder. 
(b) 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of an Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice, 
the relevant Issuer will deliver an Investor Interest Switch Notification. The delivery of an Investor Interest 
Switch Notification does not, under any circumstances, constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the 
Issuer to effect a switch of the basis on which interest is calculated as set out in the Investor Interest Switch 
Notification. Following delivery of an Investor Interest Switch Notification and in the absence of an 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance in accordance with paragraph 1.1(e) below, the relevant Issuer will 
have no obligation to effect the switch of the basis on which interest is calculated as set out in the Investor 
Interest Switch Notification, including where the Qualifying Securityholders deliver an Investor Interest 
Switch Notice in accordance with paragraph 1.1(e) below. 
(c) 
Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may send a notice (an Investor Interest Switch Notice) to the 
relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), no later than thirty (30) minutes (or such other 
time specified in the Final Terms) following receipt of an Investor Interest Switch Notification, requiring 
the exercise of the Investor Interest Switch Option, in accordance with the Investor Interest Switch 
Notification. An Investor Interest Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the

--- Page 815 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
815 
 
Issuer that the Securities to which the Investor Interest Switch Notice relates are held by the relevant 
Securityholder and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in 
the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities 
shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Investor Interest 
Potential Switch Notice was delivered by the relevant Securityholder. 
(d) 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Investor Interest 
Switch Notification on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Investor Interest Switch 
Notification (an Investor Interest Switch Acceptance), until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a 
new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if "Effective Interest Accrual Period" is specified as being "Current Investor Interest Switch" in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis 
of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, on the 
basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(ii) 
if "Following Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the 
basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(iii) 
If "Other Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis 
of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date prior to the Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest1; 
and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on an Interest 
Determination Date on or after the Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(iv) 
If "Current Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis 
of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and

--- Page 816 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
816 
 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(v) 
If "Following Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the 
basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance on the basis of Linked 
Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that referred to in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vi) 
If "Current Limited Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis 
of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for 
this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vii) 
If "Following Limited Single Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the 
basis of Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, on the basis of Linked 
Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on the Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis 
of Linked Interest2; and 
(D) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(viii) 
If "Limited Investor Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the 
basis of Linked Interest1; and

--- Page 817 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
817 
 
(B) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on each Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis 
of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-
paragraph (B) above, on the basis of Linked Interest1. 
(e) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Investor Interest Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph 1.1(c) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the 
Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of Linked Interest1, until the Qualifying 
Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice. 
Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Investor Interest Switch Option as many times as the Investor Interest 
Switch Number during the life of the Securities, subject to the Investor Interest Switch Frequency. For the avoidance 
of doubt, where Qualifying Securityholders have exercised the Investor Interest Switch Option a number of times 
equal to the Investor Interest Switch Number, interest on the Securities will be calculated in accordance with the 
last Investor Interest Switch Option validly exercised. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice means written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the 
relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
requesting a switch to the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of the current Interest Accrual Period 
and/or to all or some of the subsequent Interest Accrual Periods (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) 
and specifying Linked Interest2, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential 
Switch Notice (as the case may be). 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance has the meaning given to it in Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature 
Condition 1.1(e) above. 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or the relevant 
Interest Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) each Interest Period Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Interest Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Interest Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Investor Interest Switch Notice has the meaning given to it in Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Condition 
1.1(c) above. 
Investor Interest Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date, the date falling 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Investor Interest Switch Expiry 
Date. 
Investor Interest Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Interest Switch Notification means, in respect of an Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice, a written 
notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) notifying them of the conditions on which it would effect the switch to the basis on which interest is 
calculated.

--- Page 818 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 1: Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
818 
 
Investor Interest Switch Number means the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
to be specified as such in the Investor Interest Switch Notice, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and, in each case, specified in the Investor Interest Switch Notification 
and confirmed by an Investor Interest Switch Notice and an Investor Interest Switch Acceptance. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholder holding, or the Securityholders together holding, 100 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 819 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
819 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 2: Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature (the Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature) 
is applicable. These Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
2. 
ISSUER INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The relevant Issuer may at its option (once during the life of the Securities) elect to switch the basis on which 
interest is calculated from (i) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest1 to (ii) calculation of the 
Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2, by sending a notice on or prior to an Issuer Interest Switch Expiry 
Date. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an 
explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or 
Combination Payoff Conditions referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
2.1 
Methodology 
If Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the relevant 
Issuer may elect to switch the basis on which interest is calculated from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 in 
accordance with these Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions (the Issuer Interest Switch Option). 
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, deliver an Issuer Interest Switch Notice to Securityholders (with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent), specifying (as relevant) Linked Interest2, on any Business Day during 
the Interest Accrual Period to which the Issuer Interest Switch Option applies, on or after the Issuer Interest 
Switch Notice Time on the Issuer Interest Switch Notice Date and on or before the Issuer Interest Switch 
Expiry Time on the Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Date. 
(b) 
If the relevant Issuer sends the Qualifying Securityholders an Issuer Interest Switch Notice in accordance 
with paragraph (a) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
if "Current Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice to Securityholders, 
on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, on the 
basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(ii) 
if "Following Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked Interest2; or

--- Page 820 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
820 
 
(iii) 
if "Other Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and each subsequent Interest Accrual period commencing 
on an Interest Determination Date prior to the Interest Determination Date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest1; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and commencing on an Interest Determination 
Date on or after the Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for this purpose, on the basis of Linked Interest2; or 
(iv) 
If "Current Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(v) 
If "Following Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the relevant Issuer sent 
a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that referred to in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vi) 
If "Current Limited Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and each subsequent Interest Accrual period commencing 
on an Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, 
on the basis of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and not covered by sub-paragraph (B) 
below, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(vii) 
If "Following Limited Single Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms:

--- Page 821 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
821 
 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice, on the basis of Linked Interest2; 
and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and commencing on the Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of Linked 
Interest2; and 
(D) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and not covered by sub-paragraph (B) 
below, on the basis of Linked Interest1; or 
(viii) 
If "Limited Issuer Interest Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of 
Linked Interest1; and 
(B) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and commencing on each Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis 
of Linked Interest2; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Issuer Interest Switch Notice and not covered by sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of Linked Interest1. 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Issuer Interest Switch Notice to the Qualifying Securityholders in 
accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of Linked Interest1. 
(d) 
The relevant Issuer may exercise the Issuer Interest Switch Option once only during the life of the 
Securities. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or the relevant 
Interest Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) each Interest Period Date or each Interest 
Period Date specified in applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) designating the conditions on which it would effect the switch 
to the basis on which interest is calculated. 
Issuer Interest Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Date, the date falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Issuer Interest Switch Expiry Date.

--- Page 822 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 2: Issuer Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
822 
 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
specified as such in the Issuer Interest Switch Notice, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 823 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 3: Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
823 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 3: Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature (the Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
3. 
KNOCK-OUT INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from (i) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate 
using Linked Interest1 to (ii) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2 if either on the Knock-
out Interest Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Period, the 
Underlying Value reaches the relevant Knock-out Barrier or is within the relevant Range. For the avoidance of 
doubt, a Knock-out Interest Switch can occur once only during the life of the Securities. You should also refer to 
the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate 
the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff 
referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
3.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the basis 
on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 (a Knock-out 
Interest Switch) if, during the life of the Securities, a Knock-out Interest Switch Event occurs. The relevant Issuer 
shall, as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event, deliver a 
Knock-out Interest Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Interest Switch can occur once only 
during the life of the Securities. 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if a Knock-out Interest Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Interest1; or 
(b) 
if a Knock-out Interest Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Interest Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions: 
(i) 
on each Interest Determination Date up to (but excluding) the Knock-out Interest Switch Date, in 
respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with Linked Interest1; and 
(ii) 
on each Interest Determination Date from (and including) the Knock-out Interest Switch Date, in 
respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with Linked Interest2. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Date means (a) the Interest Determination Date immediately following the occurrence 
of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event or (b) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 824 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 3: Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
824 
 
Knock-out Interest Switch Event means that the Underlying Value is [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] [higher 
than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current][each] [at least one previous] [each 
previous] Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading 
Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] 
during the Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Period. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders (with 
a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) informing the 
Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Interest Switch Event. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Knock-out Interest Switch Observation Period means the period specified as a Knock-out Interest Switch 
Observation Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 825 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 4: Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
825 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 4: Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature (the Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature) 
is applicable. These Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
TARGET INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from (i) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate 
using Linked Interest1 to (ii) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2 if a Target Interest Switch 
Event occurs. A Target Interest Switch Event occurs if the payment of the Interest Amount on an Interest Payment 
Date results in the aggregate of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities (if a Global Security) or the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor 
(if a Definitive Security)) paid up to and including such Interest Payment Date is greater than or equal to the 
Aggregate Interest Amount Cap. For the avoidance of doubt, a Target Interest Switch can occur once only during 
the life of the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff 
Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard 
Interest Payoff or Combined Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
4.1 
Methodology 
If Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the basis on 
which interest is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 (Target Interest 
Switch) if during the life of the Securities a Target Interest Switch Event occurs. The relevant Issuer shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of a Target Interest Switch Event, deliver a Target Interest 
Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Target Interest Switch can occur once only during the life of the 
Securities. 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to Securities shall be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
If a Target Interest Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Target Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Interest1; and 
(b) 
if a Target Interest Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Target Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions: 
(i) 
on each Interest Determination Date up to (and including) the Target Interest Switch Date, in 
respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with Linked Interest1; and 
(ii) 
on each Interest Determination Date from (but excluding) the Target Interest Switch Date, in 
respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with Linked Interest2. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Aggregate Interest Amount Cap means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by:

--- Page 826 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 4: Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
826 
 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation Amount Factor; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Target Interest Switch Date means (a) the Interest Payment Date on which a Target Interest Switch Event occurs 
or (b) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Interest Switch Event means the payment of the Interest Amount on an Interest Payment Date results in 
the aggregate of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of (a) in the case of Securities represented by a Global 
Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in the case of each Security in 
definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor) paid in respect of the 
Securities up to and including that Interest Payment Date being greater than or equal to the Aggregate Interest 
Amount Cap. 
Target Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders (with a 
copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) informing the 
Securityholders of the occurrence of a Target Interest Switch Event.

--- Page 827 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 5: Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
827 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 5: Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Memory Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Memory Interest Payoff Feature (the Memory Interest Payoff Feature) is applicable. 
These Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
MEMORY INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
The Interest Amount payable on an Interest Payment Date, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in respect of 
which this Memory Interest Payoff Feature applies, shall be equal to, if the Interest Amount payable in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the Linked Interest and the applicable Conditions, prior 
to application of the Memory Interest Payoff Feature is (i) greater than zero (0), then at the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period calculated using the Interest Amounts of previous consecutive 
Interest Payment Dates for which no Interest Amount was paid (if any), or (ii) equal to zero (0), then zero (0). You 
should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation 
of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination 
Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
5.1 
Methodology 
If Memory Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Amount payable in respect of that Interest Accrual Period on the related Interest 
Payment Date shall be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
if the Interest Amount payable in respect of that Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the 
Linked Interest and the applicable Conditions, prior to application of the Memory Interest Payoff Feature, 
is greater than zero (0): 
∑Fixed Rate (t)
M
t=n+1
 
(b) 
if the Interest Amount payable in respect of that Interest Accrual Period calculated in accordance with the 
Linked Interest and the applicable Conditions, prior to application of the Memory Interest Payoff Feature, 
is equal to zero (0): 
zero (0) 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
m is the chronological number "t" of the last Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period in respect of which 
the relevant Fixed Rate has been paid. If no Fixed Rate has been paid prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Accrual Period, the value of "m" will be equal to zero. 
M is the chronological number "t" of the relevant Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 828 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 5: Memory Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
828 
 
Fixed Rate(t) means the Linked Interest Rate payable in respect of the Interest Payment Date or Interest Accrual 
Period corresponding to the chronological number "t" calculated in accordance with the Linked Interest and the 
applicable Conditions. 
Linked Interest means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 829 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 6: Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
829 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 6: Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature (the Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
DUAL CURRENCY (INTEREST) PAYOFF FEATURE 
If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is applicable the interest amounts (if any) will be paid in any one of the 
Interest Currencies. 
6.1 
Methodology 
If Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the interest amount payable on each Interest Payment Date (or, as applicable, on any other relevant 
payment date) will be payable in any one of the Interest Currencies; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the interest amount to be paid in accordance with the Dual Currency 
Method on the relevant Interest Determination Date (or, as applicable, any other relevant determination 
date); and 
(c) 
any reference to the Specified Currency for the purpose of payment of interest on the Securities will be 
deemed to be a reference to any of the Interest Currencies. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Dual Currency Method means (a) if "multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying the 
interest amount by the relevant Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate or (b) if "division" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, dividing the interest amount by the relevant Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate. 
Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate means, with respect to an Interest Currency, the rate determined in 
accordance with the definition of "FX Rate" provided for in the FX Linked Asset Conditions unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For this purpose, the FX Linked Asset Conditions are incorporated in, and 
apply mutatis mutandis (as though such provisions were set out in full herein) to, these Dual Currency (Interest) 
Payoff Feature Conditions subject to the following: 
(a) 
references to the FX Rate shall be deemed to be references to the Dual Currency (Interest) Exchange Rate; 
(b) 
references to the Base Currency shall be deemed to be references to the Specified Currency; 
(c) 
references to the Reference Currency shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Currency; 
and 
(d) 
references to a relevant Observation Date shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
Interest Currency means each currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 830 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
830 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 7: Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature (the Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature) 
is applicable. These Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
RESET OPTION INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to change the basis on which interest is calculated. Following 
receipt of such request, the Issuer will notify the Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose 
to change the basis on which interest is calculated and the Qualifying Securityholders may agree with the Issuer in 
implementing such changes, or not. There is no guarantee that any change in the basis on which interest is 
calculated will be beneficial for Securityholders. 
7.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, elect to switch the basis on which interest is calculated in 
accordance with these Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions (the Reset Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver a Potential Reset Switch Notice (with a copy 
to the Principal Paying Agent) on any Business Day during the Interest Accrual Period to which the Reset 
Option applies, on or after the Reset Switch Notice time on the Reset Switch Notice Date and on or before 
the Reset Switch Expiry time on the Reset Switch Expiry Date. A Potential Reset Switch Notice must 
include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the 
Securities to which the Potential Reset Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant 
clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the 
Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until the fifth Business Day 
(inclusive) after the date on which a Potential Reset Switch Notice is delivered by the relevant 
Securityholder. 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of a Potential Reset Switch Notice, the relevant 
Issuer will deliver Reset Switch Notification. The delivery of a Reset Switch Notification does not, under 
any circumstances, constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to effect a switch of the basis on 
which interest is calculated as set out in the Reset Switch Notification. Following delivery of a Reset 
Switch Notification and in the absence of a Reset Switch Acceptance in accordance with paragraph (b) 
below, the relevant Issuer will have no obligation to effect the switch of the basis on which interest is 
calculated as set out in the Reset Switch Notification, including where the Qualifying Securityholders 
deliver Reset Switch Notice in accordance with paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may send a notice (an Reset Switch Notice) to the relevant 
Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) on or before the second Business Day following receipt 
of a Reset Switch Notification, requiring the exercise of the Reset Switch Option in accordance with the 
Reset Switch Notification. A Reset Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the 
Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Potential Reset Switch Notice 
relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the 
relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall 
remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Reset Switch Notice 
was delivered by the relevant Securityholder to which the Reset Switch Notification relates.

--- Page 831 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
831 
 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Reset Switch 
Notification on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Reset Switch Notification (a Reset 
Switch Acceptance) by such Issuer, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Potential Reset 
Switch Notice (as the case may be), the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be determined 
on the basis described in the Reset Switch Notification as follows: 
(i) 
if "Current Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance to Securityholders, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and for all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, on the basis 
of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; or 
(ii) 
if "Following Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest 
Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; or 
(iii) 
if "Other Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period commencing on 
an Interest Determination Date prior to the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest 
Amount already being used; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and commencing on an Interest Determination 
Date on or after the Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for this purpose, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the 
Reset Switch Notification; or 
(iv) 
if "Current Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out 
in the Reset Switch Notification; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the calculation for the 
Interest Amount already being used; or

--- Page 832 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
832 
 
(v) 
if "Following Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and  
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the calculation for 
the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that referred to in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; or 
(vi) 
if "Current Limited Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period prior to the Interest Accrual Period during 
which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period commencing on 
an Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on 
the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch 
Notification; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; or 
(vii) 
if "Following Limited Single Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and 
(B) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance, on the basis of the calculation for 
the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; and 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and commencing on the Interest Determination 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis of the calculation 
for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; and 
(D) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; or 
(viii) 
if "Limited Reset Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Reset Switch Acceptance and all Interest Accrual Periods prior to it, on the basis of the 
calculation for the Interest Amount already being used; and  
(B) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (i) following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and (ii) commencing on each Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, on the basis 
of the calculation for the Interest Amount set out in the Reset Switch Notification; and

--- Page 833 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 7: Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
833 
 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period subsequent to that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Reset Switch Acceptance and not covered by sub-paragraph (B) 
above, on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being used. 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Reset Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying Securityholders in 
accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the calculation for the Interest Amount already being 
used. 
Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Reset Switch Option as many times as the Reset Switch 
Number during the life of the Securities, subject to the Reset Switch Frequency. For the avoidance of 
doubt, where Qualifying Securityholders have exercised the Reset Switch Option a number of times equal 
to the Reset Switch Number interest on the Securities will be calculated in accordance with the last Reset 
Switch Option validly exercised. 
7.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Potential Reset Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the relevant 
Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) requesting a 
change to the basis on which interest is calculated in respect of the current Interest Accrual Period and/or to all or 
some of the subsequent Interest Accrual Periods (in accordance with the applicable Final Terms) until the 
Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice as the case may be. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding. 
Reset Switch Acceptance has the meaning given to it in Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature Condition 7.1 
above. 
Reset Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (a) each Interest Determination Date or the relevant Interest 
Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms or (b) each Interest Period Date or each Interest Period 
Date specified in applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Notice has the meaning set out in this Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature Condition 7.1(b) 
(Methodology). 
Reset Switch Notice Date means in respect of a Reset Switch Expiry Date, the date falling the number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Reset Switch Expiry Date. 
Reset Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Notification means, with respect to any Potential Reset Switch Notice, a written notice given by the 
relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the 
Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose to change the basis on which interest is 
calculated. 
Reset Switch Number means the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 834 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 8: Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
834 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A: Chapter 8: Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature (the Single Interest 
Payment Date Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. You should also refer to the relevant Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Interest Amount. 
8. 
SINGLE INTEREST PAYMENT DATE PAYOFF FEATURE 
The sum of all Interest Amounts (if any) will be paid on the Single Interest Payment Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the investor will not be entitled to any interest on any Interest Amount determined on an Interest 
Determination Date for the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided that the Single Interest Amount is paid in full 
on the Single Interest Payment Date. 
8.1 
Methodology 
If Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
notwithstanding that multiple Interest Payment Dates are specified in the Final Terms and used in the determination 
of the Interest Amount, (a) each Interest Amount will not be paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date, and (b) an 
amount equal to the sum of all Interest Amounts (the Single Interest Amount) will be paid on the Single Interest 
Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the investor will not be entitled to any interest on any Interest Amount 
determined on an Interest Determination Date for the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided that the Single 
Interest Amount is paid in full on the Single Interest Payment Date. 
8.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Single Interest Payment Date Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Single Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if Early 
Redemption Trigger Conditions are applicable, the Early Redemption Date on which the relevant Issuer redeems 
all of the Securities then outstanding, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the 
purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 835 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
835 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 9: Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify a Knock-
out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) will apply to 
the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature (a Knock-
out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
KNOCK-OUT PERFORMANCE INTEREST SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from (a) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate 
using Linked Interest1 to (b) calculation of the Linked Interest Rate using Linked Interest2 if, either on the Knock-
out Performance Interest Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch 
Observation Period, the Performance_KOI reaches the relevant Knock-out Barrier or is within the relevant Range. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch can occur only once during the life of the 
Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for 
an explanation of how to calculate the Linked Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff 
or Combination Interest Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
9.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the basis on which interest is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Interest1 to Linked Interest2 (the 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch) if, during the life of the Securities, a Knock-out Performance Interest 
Switch Event occurs. The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a Knock-out 
Performance Interest Switch Event, issue a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Notice. For the avoidance of 
doubt, a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event can occur only once during the life of the Securities. 
The Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out 
Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Interest1; and 
(b) 
if a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Knock-out 
Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions; and 
(i) 
on each Interest Determination Date up to (but excluding) the Knock-out Performance Interest 
Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period in accordance with Linked 
Interest1; and 
(ii) 
on each Interest Determination Date from (and including) the Knock-out Performance Interest 
Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with Linked 
Interest2. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms 
will have the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 836 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
836 
 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Date means (a) the Interest Determination Date immediately following 
the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event or (b) the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event means that the Performance_KOI is [higher than the Knock-out 
Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least 
one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which 
are not Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Period. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Issuer to the Securityholders 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) informing the 
Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Event. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Period means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Linked Interest1 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Interest2 means the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 837 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
837 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff 
Feature (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
10. 
SHOUT OPTION PERFORMANCE LOCK-IN INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying for the 
purposes of the determination of the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities for the current Interest 
Accrual Period at the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level by delivering a notice on or before a Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. The relevant Issuer has discretion to decline such request or provide the relevant 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level. Each relevant Underlying Value reflects the price, level or rate of the 
relevant Underlying at the relevant time. Securityholders are entitled to make a request to fix the Underlying Value 
of the Underlying used to calculate the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities on the date of their choice 
for the current Interest Accrual Period, regardless of whether the Issuer is able to decline this request or provide 
the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level. The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-
in Shout Option once only in respect of each Interest Accrual Period. 
10.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to fix the Underlying Value of 
each relevant Underlying for the purposes of the determination by the Calculation Agent of the Linked 
Interest Rate applicable to the Securities in accordance with these Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Interest Payoff Feature Conditions (the Performance Lock-in Shout Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Exercise Notice on or after a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Time on a Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Notice Date and before a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Time on a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. 
A Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to the relevant Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the 
Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the 
relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together 
with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days 
after the delivery of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(b) 
The relevant Issuer has discretion with respect to any Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice to either: (i) decline the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for 
the relevant Shout Option Performance Date if, in its reasonable opinion, the relevant Issuer or its hedging 
affiliate will not be able to execute the request because of market conditions, the time of the request or 
other reasons (in which case the delivery of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Notice will not constitute an exercise of the Performance Lock-in Shout Option), or (ii) provide a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date (in which case the 
receipt of a corresponding Shout Option Exercise Notice (as defined below) will constitute exercise of the 
Performance Lock-in Shout Option). In the case of Inflation Linked Securities, the relevant Issuer will

--- Page 838 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
838 
 
deliver an Underlying Value Notification to the Qualifying Securityholders no later than two Business 
Days after receipt by such Issuer of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice, and 
in the case of all Asset Linked Securities other than Inflation Linked Securities, the relevant Issuer will 
deliver the Underlying Value Notification to the Qualifying Securityholders no later than one (1) hour 
prior to the final time by which the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Date is able to be determined in accordance with the relevant Asset Conditions. 
The delivery by the relevant Issuer of an Underlying Value Notification does not, under any circumstances, 
constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to provide the Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date specified in the Underlying Value 
Notification. Following delivery of an Underlying Value Notification and in the absence of a Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance in accordance with the provisions below, the relevant Issuer 
will have no obligation to provide the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level on the relevant Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Date specified in the Underlying Value Notification, including where 
Qualifying Securityholders send a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(c) 
If, in the Underlying Value Notification, the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of the 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date, the Qualifying 
Securityholders, at their option, no later than thirty (30) minutes (or such other time specified in the Final 
Terms) after receipt of such Underlying Value Notification, may deliver to the relevant Issuer (with a copy 
to the Principal Paying Agent) a notice (a Shout Option Exercise Notice) requiring the exercise of the 
Performance Lock-in Shout Option. A Shout Option Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Shout 
Option Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities 
are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that 
such Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the 
Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice was delivered by the Securityholder to which 
the Shout Option Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice relates. 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Shout Option 
Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice (a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance), on 
or before the Business Day following its receipt of the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice, 
the Underlying Value of each Underlying, utilised by the Calculation Agent for the determination of the 
Linked Interest Payoff applicable to the Securities will be equal to the Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date.  
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option on multiple 
occasions throughout the life of the Securities, subject to their limit, which is equal to the Shout Option 
Number. For the avoidance of doubt, following the exercise by the Qualifying Securityholders of the 
Performance Lock-in Shout Option on such number of occasions equal to the Shout Option Number, the 
Securityholders may no longer exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option once only in respect 
of each Interest Accrual Period. 
10.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice means, with respect to the current Interest Accrual 
Period, a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) designating a Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Date and requesting a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 839 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 10: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
839 
 
Shout Option Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date means, in respect of a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice, the Interest Determination Date for the Interest Accrual Period during which the Qualified 
Securityholders delivered the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Date means, in respect of a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry 
Date, the date that is at least such number of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph 10.1 above 
of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice has the meaning given to it in paragraph 10.1 above of these 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Interest Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Time means the time specified for this purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date means, for any Interest Accrual Period, any date that falls no 
later than the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or the Interest Determination Dates specified for this 
purpose in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) each Interest Period Date or the Interest Period Dates specified for this 
purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level means, with respect to the current Interest Accrual Period, the 
Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Shout 
Option Performance Date. 
Underlying has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions 
(as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified to be 
applicable in relation to the then current Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff 
Conditions (as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff specified 
to be applicable in relation to the then current Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value Notification means, with respect to a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Notice, a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the Qualifying Securityholders (a) that 
it declines the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option 
Performance Date or (b) that it has not declined the request for the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level on the 
relevant Shout Option Performance Date.

--- Page 840 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 11: Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
840 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 11: Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify a Global 
Cap Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature (the Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature) is 
applicable. These Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
11. 
GLOBAL CAP INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
For each Interest Payment Date, if the sum of the Interest Amounts paid, or in the case of the Interest Accrual 
Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, accrued, up to and including such Interest Payment 
Date is equal to or greater than the Global Cap Amount, no Interest Amount will be payable. 
11.1 
Methodology 
If the Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Amount will be 
equal to zero for each Interest Payment Date for which the Global Cap Balance is equal to zero. 
11.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Interest Amounts paid, or in the 
case of an Interest Accrual Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, accrued, up to and 
including such Interest Payment Date in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities. 
Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities 
divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Global Cap Amount means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount or Specified 
Denomination, as relevant, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation Amount Factor; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Global Cap Balance means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max(0, 
( Global Cap Amount − ∑Previous Coupons)
Aggregate outstanding nominal amount
x 
1
Day Count Fraction) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount or Specified Denomination, as relevant.

--- Page 841 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 12: Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
841 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 12: Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify a Global 
Floor Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature (the Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature) 
is applicable. These Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
12. 
GLOBAL FLOOR INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
For a specified Interest Payment Date, if the sum of the Interest Amounts paid, or in the case of an Interest Accrual 
Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, accrued, up to and including such Interest Payment 
Date, are less than the Global Floor Amount, the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date will be 
adjusted so that the sum of such Interest Amounts will equal the Global Floor Amount. 
12.1 
Methodology 
If Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable if the amount 
equal to Σ Previous Coupons is less than the Global Floor Amount, the Interest Amount payable on the Specified 
IPD (as defined below) will be equal to the Global Floor Balance. 
12.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Interest Amounts paid, or in the 
case of an Interest Accrual Period which ends on but excludes such Interest Payment Date, accrued, up to and 
including the such Interest Payment Date in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities. 
Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities 
divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Global Floor Amount means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount, or Specified 
Denomination, as relevant, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation Amount Factor; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Global Floor Balance means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max (0, Global Floor Amount − ∑Previous Coupons
Aggregate outstanding nominal amount
 x 
1
Day count fraction) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount or Specified Denomination, as relevant. 
Specified IPD means the Interest Payment Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not such date 
is specified, the final Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 842 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 13: Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
842 
 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part A Chapter 13: Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify a Reserve 
Interest Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that the Reserve Interest Payoff Feature (the Reserve Interest Payoff Feature) is applicable. 
These Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
13. 
RESERVE INTEREST PAYOFF FEATURE 
The Linked Interest Rate is calculated for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve 
Accrual Period to (and excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period as the lesser of (a) the Cap and (b) the sum of 
the Linked Interestn and Reserven-1 for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. You should also refer to the relevant 
Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Linked 
Interest Rate calculated using the relevant Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest Payoff referred to for 
this Payoff Feature Condition. 
13.1 
Linked Interest Rate 
If Reserve Interest Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable in respect of an Interest 
Accrual Periodn (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a specific Interest Accrual Period or a number of Interest 
Accrual Periods), the Linked Interest Raten applicable for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated as 
follows: 
(a) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Initial Reserve Accrual Period to (and 
excluding) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Min(Cap, (Linked Interestn + Reserven-1)) 
and expressed as a percentage; 
(b) 
for each Interest Accrual Periodn from (and including) the Final Reserve Accrual Period: 
Linked Interestn+Reserven-1  
and expressed as a percentage. 
13.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Cap means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this rate may have 
a positive or a negative value. 
Final Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this rate may have 
a positive or a negative value. 
Initial Reserve Accrual Period means the Interest Accrual Period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 843 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part A: Chapter 13: Reserve Interest Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
843 
 
Interest Accrual Periodn means each of the numerical sequence of Interest Accrual Periods, starting with the 
Initial Reserve Accrual Period, as Interest Accrual Period1, and proceeding in chronological order thereafter. 
Linked Interestn means, for each Interest Accrual Periodn, the Standard Interest Payoff or Combination Interest 
Payoff specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reserve0 means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reserven means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Periodn, the result of the following formula, expressed as a 
percentage: 
Min (Cap, Max(Floor, (Reserven-1+Linked Interestn-Linked Interest Raten)))

--- Page 844 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
844 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 1: Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature (the Global Cap Redemption Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
GLOBAL CAP REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or an Instalment Date may be reduced by (in the case of the Final 
Redemption Amount) an amount equal to the Global Cap Amount or (in the case of each Instalment Redemption 
Amount) the Instalment Cap. The value of an underlying may therefore affect the amount payable on the Redemption 
Date or an Instalment Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are calculated by reference to the value of 
an underlying. 
1.1 
Methodology 
If Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated following the subtraction of an amount equal 
to the Global Cap Amount, subject to a minimum of zero; or 
(b) 
each Instalment Redemption Amount shall be an amount calculated following the subtraction of an amount 
equal to the Instalment Cap, subject to a minimum of zero. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means the sum of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of (a) in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in the case of 
each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor) 
calculated up to and including the Redemption Date or the relevant Instalment Date, as the case may be. 
Global Cap Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max(0, ∑Previous Coupons - Strike Price) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Instalment Cap means, (a) in respect of the first Instalment Redemption Amount, the Global Cap Amount and (b) 
in respect of each subsequent Instalment Redemption Amount, an amount equal to the Global Cap Amount minus 
the aggregate of all amounts that have been deducted from all previous Instalment Redemption Amounts pursuant 
to Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Condition 1.1(b), subject to a minimum of zero (0). 
Strike Price means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by:

--- Page 845 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
845 
 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation Amount Factor; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor.

--- Page 846 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 2: Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
846 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 2: Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature (the Global Floor Redemption Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
GLOBAL FLOOR REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
The amount payable on the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be, may be increased 
by an amount equal to the Global Floor Amount. The value of an underlying may therefore affect the amount 
payable on the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be, if the interest amounts are 
calculated by reference to the value of an underlying. 
2.1 
Methodology 
If Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable the Final 
Redemption Amount or final Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be an amount calculated 
following the addition of an amount equal to the Global Floor Amount. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Σ Previous Coupons means the sum of all Interest Amounts (paid in respect of (a) in the case of Securities 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities and (b) in the case of 
each Security in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factor) 
calculated up to and including the Redemption Date or the final Instalment Date, as the case may be. 
Global Floor Amount means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max(0, Strike Price - ∑Previous Coupons) 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount. 
Strike Price means an amount in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation Amount Factor; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor.

--- Page 847 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 3: Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
847 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 3: Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature (the Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature is applicable. These Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
DUAL CURRENCY (REDEMPTION) PAYOFF FEATURE 
If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is applicable the amount payable on redemption will be payable in 
any one of the applicable Redemption Currencies. 
3.1 
Methodology 
If Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable: 
(a) 
the redemption amount payable on the Redemption Date, Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as 
the case may be (or, as applicable, on any other relevant payment date), will be payable in any one of the 
applicable Redemption Currencies; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the redemption amount to be paid in accordance with the Dual 
Currency Method on the relevant date on which the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or each Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be (or, as applicable, on any other relevant 
redemption amount), is to be determined; and 
(c) 
any reference to the Specified Currency for the purpose of payment of redemption amount in respect of 
the Securities will be deemed to be a reference to any of the Redemption Currencies. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Dual Currency Method means (a) if "multiplication" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, by 
the relevant Dual Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate or (b) if "division" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, dividing the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as 
the case may be, by the relevant Dual Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate. 
Dual Currency (Redemption) Exchange Rate means, with respect to a Redemption Currency, the rate determined 
in accordance with the definition of "FX Rate" provided for in the FX Linked Asset Conditions unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. For this purpose, the FX Linked Asset Conditions are incorporated in, and 
apply mutatis mutandis (as though such provisions were set out in full herein) to, these Dual Currency (Redemption) 
Payoff Feature Conditions subject to the following: 
(a) 
references to the FX Rate shall be deemed to be references to the Dual Currency (Redemption) Exchange 
Rate; 
(b) 
references to the Base Currency shall be deemed to be references to the Specified Currency; 
(c) 
references to the Reference Currency shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Redemption 
Currency; and

--- Page 848 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 3: Dual Currency (Redemption) Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
848 
 
(d) 
references to a relevant Observation Date shall be deemed to be references to the Redemption 
Determination Date. 
Redemption Currency means, with respect to a Redemption Determination Date each currency specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 849 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
849 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 4: Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (Investor Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to 
completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
INVESTOR REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may at their option (once during the life of the Securities) request or, as 
applicable, elect to switch the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, is calculated from (i) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption1 to (ii) 
calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2, by sending a notice on or prior to an Investor 
Redemption Switch Expiry Date. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination 
Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant 
Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
4.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, 
the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to switch the basis on which the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked 
Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2 (the Investor Redemption Switch Option)  
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver an Investor Redemption Potential Switch 
Notice on or prior to an Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date designating an Investor Redemption 
Switch Date and, if applicable, Linked Redemption2. The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the 
Investor Redemption Switch Option in accordance with the frequency provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may deliver an Investor Redemption Potential Switch 
Notice (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), specifying Linked Redemption2, on any Business Day, 
on or after the Investor Redemption Switch Notice Time on the Investor Redemption Switch Notice Date 
and on or before the Redemption Switch Expiry Time on the Investor Interest Switch Expiry Date. An 
Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the 
Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Investor Redemption Potential 
Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are 
blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such 
Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which such 
Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice is delivered by the Securityholder. 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of an Investor Redemption Potential Switch 
Notice, the relevant Issuer will deliver an Investor Redemption Switch Notification. The delivery of an 
Investor Redemption Switch Notification does not, under any circumstances, constitute an undertaking or 
firm offer by the Issuer to effect a switch of the basis on which interest is calculated as set out in the 
Investor Redemption Switch Notification. Following delivery of an Investor Redemption Switch 
Notification and in the absence of an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance in accordance with 
paragraph (b) below, the relevant Issuer will have no obligation to effect the switch of the basis on which 
redemption is calculated as set out in the Investor Interest Switch Notification, including where the

--- Page 850 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
850 
 
Qualifying Securityholders deliver an Investor Interest Switch Notice in accordance with paragraph 4.1(b) 
below. 
(b) 
Qualifying Securityholders, at their option, may send a notice to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the 
Principal Paying Agent) (an Investor Redemption Switch Notice), on or before the second Business Day 
following receipt of an Investor Redemption Switch Notification, requiring the exercise of the Investor 
Redemption Switch Option, in accordance with the Investor Redemption Switch Notification. An Investor 
Redemption Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant 
Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice 
relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the 
relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall 
remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Investor Redemption 
Potential Switch Notice was delivered by the relevant Securityholder to which the Investor Potential 
Switch Notification relates. 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Investor Redemption 
Switch Notification on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Investor Redemption Switch 
Notification (an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance), until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver 
a new Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice (as the case may be), the Linked Redemption 
applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked Redemption2; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities: 
(A) 
on each Instalment Date up to (but excluding) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption1; and  
(B) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Redemption applicable to the 
Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice (as 
the case may be), will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities, on each Instalment Date in respect of each Redemption 
Determination Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1;and  
(iii) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2 
(d) 
Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Investor Redemption Switch Option as many times as the 
Investor Redemption Switch Number during the life of the Securities, subject to the Investor Redemption 
Switch Frequency. For the avoidance of doubt, where Qualifying Securityholders have exercised the 
Investor Redemption Switch Option a number of times equal to the Investor Redemption Switch Number, 
the Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount on the Securities, as the case may be, will be calculated in 
accordance with the last Investor Redemption Switch Option validly exercised.

--- Page 851 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 4: Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
851 
 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice means written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to 
the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices), 
requesting the exercise of an Investor Redemption Switch Option and specifying Linked Redemption2, until the 
Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice (as the case may be). 
Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph 4.1(b) above of these Investor 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Investor Redemption Switch Date means the Redemption Determination Date on which the Investor Redemption 
Switch Option will take effect, which shall be the Redemption Determination Date immediately following receipt 
by the Issuer of an Investor Redemption Switch Notice given in accordance with these Investor Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date. 
Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Redemption Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the 
relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
designating the exercise of the Investor Redemption Switch Option and, as the case may be, Linked Redemption2. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice has the meaning given to it in paragraph 4.1(b) above of these Investor 
Interest Switch Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Investor Redemption Switch Expiry Date, the 
date falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Investor Redemption 
Switch Expiry Date. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Redemption Switch Notification means, in respect of an Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice, 
written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices), notifying them of the conditions on which it would effect the switch to the basis on which redemption 
is calculated. 
Investor Redemption Switch Number means the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff: 
(a) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
to be specified as such in the Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice, 
as indicated in the Final Terms, and, in each case, specified in the Investor Redemption Switch Notification and 
confirmed by an Investor Redemption Potential Switch Notice and an Investor Interest Switch Acceptance. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 852 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
852 
 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 5: Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (the Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
ISSUER REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The relevant Issuer may at its option (once during the life of the Securities) elect to switch the basis on which the 
Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from (i) 
calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption1 to (ii) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using 
Linked Redemption2, by sending a notice on or prior to an Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Date. You should also 
refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to 
calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Payoff 
Conditions referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
5.1 
Methodology 
If Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the relevant 
Issuer may, at its option, elect to switch the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2 (the 
Issuer Redemption Switch Option).  
(a) 
The relevant Issuer may, at its option, deliver an Issuer Redemption Switch Notice to Securityholders 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), specifying (as relevant) Linked Interest2, on any Business 
Day, on or after the Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Time on the Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Date 
and on or before the Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Time on the Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry 
Date, provided that no Issuer Redemption Switch Notice may be given on or after the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Date. The relevant Issuer may exercise the Issuer Redemption Switch Option once only 
during the life of the Securities. 
(b) 
If the relevant Issuer sends the Qualifying Securityholders an Issuer Redemption Switch Notice in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above, the Linked Redemption Rate applicable to the Securities in respect 
of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked Redemption2; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities: 
(A) 
on each Instalment Date up to (but excluding) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption1; and  
(B) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2

--- Page 853 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 5: Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
853 
 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer does not send an Investor Redemption Switch Acceptance to the Qualifying 
Securityholders in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Linked Redemption applicable to the 
Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, until the Qualifying Securityholders deliver a new Investor Interest Potential Switch Notice (as 
the case may be), will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities, on each Instalment Date in respect of each Redemption 
Determination Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Issuer Redemption Switch Date means the Redemption Determination Date on which the Issuer Redemption 
Switch Option will take effect, which shall be the first Redemption Determination Date immediately following the 
date of an Issuer Redemption Switch Notice given in accordance with these Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature Conditions. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Date means the date that is ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Date means, in respect of an Issuer Redemption Switch Expiry Date, the date 
falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Issuer Redemption Switch 
Expiry Date.  
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders (with 
a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) designating the exercise 
of the Issuer Redemption Switch Option on the Issuer Redemption Switch Date. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 854 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 6: Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
854 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 6: Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature (the Knock-out 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
KNOCK-OUT REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is 
calculated will automatically switch from (i) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption1 to (ii) 
calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2 if either on the Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Period the Underlying Value reaches 
the relevant Knock-out Barrier or is within the relevant Range. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out 
Redemption Switch can occur once only during the life of the Securities. You should also refer to the relevant 
Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for an explanation of how to calculate the 
Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
6.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is 
calculated will automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2 (a Knock-out Redemption 
Switch) if during the life of the Securities a Knock-out Redemption Switch Event occurs. The relevant Issuer shall, 
as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch Event, deliver a 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Redemption Switch can occur 
once only during the life of the Securities. 
The Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Securities), in accordance with Linked Redemption1; or 
(b) 
in the case of Instalment Securities 
(i) 
on each Instalment Date up to (but excluding) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption1; and 
(ii) 
on each Instalment Date from (and including) the Investor Redemption Switch Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2; 
(c) 
in the absence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch in accordance with these Knock-out Redemption Switch 
Payoff Feature Conditions, the Linked Redemption applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities other than Instalment Securities, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; 
or

--- Page 855 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 6: Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
855 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities on each Instalment Date in respect of each Redemption 
Determination Date, in accordance with Linked Redemption1. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means a percentage of the Initial Underlying Value(i), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Date means (a) the Redemption Determination Date immediately following the 
occurrence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch Event or (b) the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Event means Underlying Value is [higher than the Knock-out Barrier] [higher 
than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal to the Knock-out 
Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day] 
[at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are not Disrupted Days] during 
the Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Period. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) informing the 
Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Redemption Switch Event. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset 
Conditions. 
Knock-out Redemption Switch Observation Period means the period specified as a Knock-out Redemption 
Switch Observation Period in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 856 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
856 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 7: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff 
Feature (the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the 
meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
SHOUT OPTION PERFORMANCE LOCK-IN REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to fix the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying for the 
purposes of the determination of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, for the immediately 
following Redemption Determination Date at the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level by delivering a notice 
on or before a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. The Issuer has discretion to decline such request 
or provide the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level. Each relevant Underlying Value reflects the 
price, level or rate of the relevant Underlying at the relevant time. The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise 
the Performance Lock-in Shout Option once only in respect of each Redemption Determination Date in respect of 
the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
7.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be applicable, the Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to fix the Underlying 
Value of each relevant Underlying for the purposes of the determination by the Calculation Agent of the 
Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, in accordance with these Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions (Performance Lock-in Shout Option). 
(b) 
The Qualifying Securityholders may at their option, deliver a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Exercise Notice on or after a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Time on a Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Notice Date and before a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Time on a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date provided that no Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice may be given on or after the occurrence of an Early Redemption Date. 
(c) 
A Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Potential 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing 
system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the 
Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after 
the delivery of an Underlying Value Notification by the Issuer. 
(d) 
The relevant Issuer has discretion with respect to any Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice to (i) decline the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the 
relevant Shout Option Performance Date if, in its reasonable opinion, the relevant Issuer or its hedging 
affiliate will not be able to execute the request because of market conditions at the time of the request or 
other reasons (in which case the delivery of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Notice will not constitute exercise of the Performance Lock-in Shout Option), or (ii) provide a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Date (in which case the

--- Page 857 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
857 
 
receipt of a corresponding Shout Option Exercise Notice (as defined below) will constitute exercise of the 
Performance Lock-in Shout Option). No later than one (1) hour prior to the final time at which the Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date is able to be 
determined in accordance with the relevant Asset Conditions (other than Inflation Linked Securities), the 
relevant Issuer will deliver to the Qualifying Securityholders an Underlying Value Notification. In the case 
of Securities linked to Inflation, the relevant Issuer will deliver an Underlying Value Notification on or 
before two Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of a Potential Shout Option Performation Lock-in 
Exercise Notice. 
(e) 
The delivery by the relevant Issuer of an Underlying Value Notification does not, under any circumstances, 
constitute an undertaking or firm offer by the Issuer to utilise the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level 
for the relevant Shout Option performance Lock-in Date specified in the Underlying Value Notification. 
Following delivery of an Underlying Value Notification and in the absence of a Shout Option Performance 
Lock-in Exercise Acceptance in accordance with the provisions below, the relevant Issuer will have no 
obligation to utilise the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option 
performance Lock-in Date specified in the Underlying Value Notification, including where Qualifying 
Securityholders send a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
(f) 
If in the Underlying Value Notification the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of the 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level, the Qualifying Securityholders will, at their option, no later 
than the date falling the Shout Option Number of Business Days after receipt of such Underlying Value 
Notification, deliver to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) a notice (a Shout 
Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice) confirming the exercise of the Performance Lock-in 
Shout Option following which, for the immediately following Redemption Determination Date in respect 
of the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, the 
Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying for the purposes of the determination by the Calculation 
Agent of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities will be the Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Level. 
A Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory 
to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Shout Option 
Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that 
such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's 
undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date 
on which the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice has been delivered by the 
relevant Securityholder to which the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice relates. 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of it acceptance of the Shout Option 
Performation Lock-in Exercise Notice (a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance), on 
or before the Business Day following its receipt of the Shout Option Performation Lock-in Exercise 
Notice, the Underlying Value of each Underlying, utilised by the Calculation Agent for the determination 
of the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be equal to the Shout Option Performance Lock-
in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date.  
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option the Shout Option 
Number of occasions during the life of the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, following the exercise 
by the Qualifying Securityholders of the Performance Lock-in Shout Option on such number of occasions 
equal to the Shout Option Number of times, the Securityholders may no longer exercise the Performance 
Lock-in Shout Option. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Performance Lock-in Shout Option once only in respect 
of each Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or the relevant 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be.

--- Page 858 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 7: Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
858 
 
7.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice means, with respect to the immediately following 
Redemption Determination Date, a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the relevant Issuer 
(with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) designating a Shout 
Option Performance Date and requesting a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding. 
Shout Option Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Date means, in respect of a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Exercise Notice, the Redemption Determination Date following the date following the delivery by the Qualified 
Securityholders of the Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Notice Date means, in respect of a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry 
Date, the date that is at least ten (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, prior to the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph 7.1 above of 
these Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise Notice has the meaning given to it in paragraph 7.1 above of these 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Date means any date that falls not later than the date that is ten (10) 
Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the relevant 
Redemption Determination Date. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Expiry Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level means, with respect to the immediately following Redemption 
Determination Date the Underlying Value of each relevant Underlying calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Shout Option Performance Date. 
Underlying has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions 
(as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified 
to be applicable in relation to the then current Redemption Determination Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value has the meaning set out in the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff 
Conditions (as the case may be) applicable to the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff 
specified to be applicable in relation to the then current Redemption Determination Date in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Underlying Value Notification means, with respect to a Potential Shout Option Performance Lock-in Exercise 
Notice, a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the Qualifying Securityholders (a) that 
it declines the request to provide a Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option 
Performance Date or (b) the Shout Option Performance Lock-in Level for the relevant Shout Option Performance 
Date.

--- Page 859 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
859 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B: Chapter 8: Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Reset Option Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature (the Reset Option Redemption Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
RESET OPTION REDEMPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to change the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the 
Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer will 
notify the Qualifying Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose to change the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Amount, as the case may be, and the Qualifying Securityholders may agree with the 
Issuer in implementing such changes, or not. There is no guarantee that any change in the Final Redemption 
Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be beneficial for Securityholders. 
8.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to switch the basis on which the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is calculated in accordance with these 
Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions (the Reset Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, deliver a Potential Switch Notice on any Business 
Day on or prior to a Reset Notice Date. A Potential Switch Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Potential 
Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are 
blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such 
Securities shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after the date on which a Reset Notification is 
delivered by the Issuer. 
If the Potential Switch Notice is received by the Issuer prior to the Reset Notice Time on the relevant 
Business Day, the Issuer will deliver a Reset Notification no later than the Reset Notification Time on that 
Business Day, otherwise, the Issuer will deliver a Reset Notification no later than the Reset Notice Time 
on the next following Business Day. If the Reset Notice Time or Reset Notification Time is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt of the 
Potential Switch Notice, the relevant Issuer will deliver a Reset Notification. 
(b) 
The Qualifying Securityholders will, at their option, no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt of 
the Reset Notification, deliver to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) a notice 
(a Reset Switch Notice) confirming the exercise of the Reset Option following which the basis for 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, set 
out in the Reset Notification will apply in respect of the following Redemption Determination Date unless 
the Qualifying Securityholders exercise the Reset Option again. A Reset Switch Notice must include 
(i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities 
to which the Reset Switch Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such 
Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's 
undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after the relevant 
Redemption Determination Date.

--- Page 860 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 8: Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
860 
 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature the Reset 
Option Number during the life of the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, following the exercise by the 
Qualifying Securityholders of the Reset Option on such number of occasions equal to the Reset Option 
Number of times during the life of the Securities, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be calculated in accordance with the last validly exercised 
Reset Option. 
Accordingly, if a Reset Switch Date occurs, the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the immediately following 
Redemption Determination Date in accordance with the basis for calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, set out in the relevant Reset 
Notification, subject to any further exercise by the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with these 
Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
8.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Potential Switch Notice means, with respect to the immediate following Redemption Determination Date, a written 
notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) requesting a change to the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, to be applicable on the next Redemption Determination Date unless the 
Qualifying Securityholders deliver another Potential Switch Notice (if any), in each case confirmed pursuant to a 
Reset Switch Notice. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding. 
Reset Notice Date means the date that is such number of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
prior to (a) each Redemption Determination Date or (b) the relevant Redemption Determination Dates, in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Notice Time means each time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Notification means, with respect to any Potential Switch Notice, a written notice given by the relevant Issuer 
to the Qualifying Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the Qualifying 
Securityholders of the manner in which it would propose to change the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Redemption Amount. 
Reset Notification Date means the number of Business Days, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, after 
receipt of any Potential Switch Notice by the Issuer. 
Reset Notification Time means each time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Option Number means the number specified as the Reset Option Number in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reset Switch Date means, with respect to a valid Reset Switch Notice, the date on which the change to the Final 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as applicable, will take effect, which shall be the 
Redemption Determination Date falling immediately after the receipt by the Issuer of such valid Reset Switch 
Notice, in accordance with these Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Reset Switch Notice has the meaning given to it in Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature Condition 8.1 
(Methodology).

--- Page 861 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
861 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part B Chapter 9: Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify a Knock-
out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions) will 
apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature (a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions or 
elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
9. 
KNOCK-OUT PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION SWITCH PAYOFF FEATURE 
The basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is 
calculated will automatically switch from (a) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption1 to 
(b) calculation of the Redemption Payoff using Linked Redemption2 if, either on the Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation 
Period, the Performance_KOR reaches the relevant Knock-out Barrier or is within the relevant Range. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch can occur only once during the life of the 
Securities. You should also refer to the relevant Standard Payoff Conditions or Combination Payoff Conditions for 
an explanation of how to calculate the Redemption Payoff calculated using the relevant Standard Redemption 
Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
9.1 
Methodology 
If Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the basis on which the Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may 
be, is calculated will automatically switch from Linked Redemption1 to Linked Redemption2 (the Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch) if, during the life of the Securities, a Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Event occurs. The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practical following the occurrence of a Knock-out 
Performance Redemption Switch Event, issue a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Notice. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event can occur only once during the life of the 
Securities. 
Consequently, the Redemption Payoff applicable to the Securities in respect of the Final Redemption Amount or 
the Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Redemption Securities), if a Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Event has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Redemption1; 
(b) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Redemption Securities), if a Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Event has occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Performance Redemption 
Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, in accordance with Linked Redemption2; 
(c) 
in the case of Instalment Redemption Securities, if a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event 
has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
Conditions, on each Redemption Determination Date and for each Instalment Redemption Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption1

--- Page 862 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part B: Chapter 9: Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
862 
 
(d) 
in the case of Instalment Redemption Securities, if a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event 
has not occurred in accordance with these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature 
Conditions): 
(i) 
on each Redemption Determination Date up to (but excluding) the Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Instalment Redemption Date, in 
accordance with Linked Redemption1; or 
(ii) 
on each Redemption Determination Date from (and including) the Knock-out Performance 
Redemption Switch Date, in respect of each corresponding Instalment Redemption Date in 
accordance with Linked Redemption2. 
9.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature Conditions, the following 
terms will have the following meanings: 
Knock-out Barrier means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant 
Asset Conditions. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Date means (a) the Redemption Determination Date immediately 
following the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event or (b) the date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event means that the Performance_KOR is [higher than the Knock-
out Barrier] [higher than or equal to the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than the Knock-out Barrier] [lower than or equal 
to the Knock-out Barrier] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the last] [each] [at least one previous] 
[each previous] Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at 
least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days 
which are not Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Period.  
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Notice means a written notice given by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
informing the Securityholders of the occurrence of a Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Event. 
Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Observation Period means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption1 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Linked Redemption2 means the Standard Redemption Payoff or Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 863 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part C: Chapter 1: Additive Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
863 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part C: Chapter 1: Additive Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Additive Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Additive Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that Additive Payoff Feature (the Additive Payoff Feature) is applicable. These Additive Payoff 
Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Additive Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
1. 
ADDITIVE PAYOFF FEATURE 
This Additive Feature sets out that any Payoff Feature may be combined with one or more other Payoff Features. 
You should also refer to the relevant Payoff Feature Conditions for an explanation of the relevant Payoff Features 
referred to for this Payoff Feature Condition. 
1.1 
Methodology 
If Additive Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, any Payoff Feature may be 
combined with one or more other Payoff Features, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Additive Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Payoff Feature means, as applicable, Investor Interest Switch Payoff Feature, Issuer Interest Switch Payoff 
Feature, Knock-out Interest Switch Payoff Feature, Target Interest Switch Payoff Feature, Memory Interest Payoff 
Feature, Dual Currency (Interest) Payoff Feature, Reset Option Interest Payoff Feature, Single Interest Payment 
Date Payoff Feature, Knock-out Performance Interest Switch Payoff Feature, Shout Option Performance Lock-in 
Interest Payoff Feature, Global Cap Interest Payoff Feature, Global Floor Interest Payoff Feature, Reserve Interest 
Payoff Feature, Global Cap Redemption Payoff Feature, Global Floor Redemption Payoff Feature, Dual Currency 
(Redemption) Payoff Feature, Investor Redemption Switch Payoff Feature, Issuer Redemption Switch Payoff 
Feature, Knock-out Redemption Switch Payoff Feature, Shout Option Performance Lock-in Redemption Payoff 
Feature, Reset Option Redemption Payoff Feature or Knock-out Performance Redemption Switch Payoff Feature.

--- Page 864 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part D: Chapter 1: Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
864 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part D: Chapter 1: Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Currency Performance Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Currency Performance Payoff Feature (the Currency Performance Payoff 
Feature) is applicable. These Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
CURRENCY PERFORMANCE PAYOFF FEATURE 
If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is applicable, the relevant Linked Interest Rate or Redemption Payoff, or 
part thereof, will be adjusted by multiplying the relevant percentage by an amount equal to 1 (one) minus the 
performance of the Reference Currency with respect to a Strike Level. 
1.1 
Methodology 
If Currency Performance Payoff Feature is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms with respect to an 
Interest Payoff or a Redemption Payoff, or part thereof, the relevant Linked Interest Rate or Redemption Payoff, or 
part thereof, as applicable (any of which, the Applicable Percentage) on the Relevant Determination Date will be 
adjusted by multiplying it by an amount equal to 1 (one) minus the performance of the Reference Currency with 
respect to a Strike Level (the Strike Level can be any of FXh, FXl, and FXb as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) as follows: 
Applicable Percentage x [1 – (FXh - FXl) / FXb] 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
FXb, FXh or FXl means the FX Rate or the Strike Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Rate has the meaning given to such term in the FX Linked Asset Conditions. For this purpose, the FX Linked 
Asset Conditions are incorporated in, and apply mutatis mutandis (as though such provisions were set out in full 
herein) to, these Currency Performance Payoff Feature Conditions provided that references to a relevant 
Observation Date shall be deemed to be references to the Relevant Determination Date. 
Interest Payoff means the Standard Interest Payoff or the Combination Interest Payoff specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms. 
Linked Interest Rate has the meaning set out in General Condition 4.3(b) (Linked Interest Rate). 
Redemption Payoff means the Standard Redemption Payoff or the Combination Redemption Payoff specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms. 
Relevant Determination Date means the Interest Determination Date or the Redemption Determination Date 
applicable in respect of the relevant applicable Interest Payoff or Redemption Payoff. 
Strike Level means the rate of exchange of one currency for another currency, expressed as a number of units of 
the Reference Currency per unit of the Base Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 865 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part E: Chapter 1: Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
865 
 
Payoff Feature Conditions: Part E: Chapter 1: Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that (i) the Bond Linked Conditions are applicable, (ii) the Secured Securities Conditions 
are applicable and (iii) Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature (the Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature) is applicable. These 
Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
BOND SWITCH OPTION PAYOFF FEATURE 
All Securityholders acting together may request to substitute a Bond by delivering a notice on or before a Bond Switch 
Option Expiry Date. Following receipt of such request, the Issuer shall provide the relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing. 
Each relevant Bond Switch Option Pricing reflects the cost or gain of effecting the switch of Bonds requested by the 
Securityholders, the difference between the market value of the replaced Bond and the replacing Bond and the resulting 
adjusted Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities, in each case at the relevant time. The Securityholders have the 
ability to request to fix the Bond Switch Option Pricing at a particular level, although this is subject to the Issuer's discretion 
to decline such request. The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Bond Switch Option in accordance with the 
frequency provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.1 
Methodology 
(a) 
If Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the 
Qualifying Securityholders may, at their option, request to substitute an existing Bond (the Existing Bond) 
by a replacing Bond (the Replacing Bond), by identifying, amongst other things, its ISIN or other 
securities identification number, nominal amount on issue and any applicable rate of interest, with the 
Bond Nominal Amount of the Replacing Bond being equal to the Bond Nominal Amount of the Existing 
Bond, in accordance with these Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions (the Bond Switch 
Option). 
The Qualifying Securityholders may at their option, deliver a Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise 
Notice (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) on any Business Day during the Interest Accrual Period 
to which the Bond Switch Option applies, on or after the Bond Switch Notice Time on the bond Switch 
Notice Date and on or before the Bond Switch Expiry Time on the Bond Switch Expiry Date. 
A Potential Bond Switch Option Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of 
the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Potential Bond Switch Option Notice 
relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the 
relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall 
remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which such Potential Bond Switch 
Option Notice is delivered by the Securityholder. 
On or before the second Business Day following receipt of an Potential Bond Switch Option Notice, the 
relevant Issuer will deliver a Bond Switch Option Pricing Notification. The delivery of a Bond Switch 
Option Pricing Notification does not, under any circumstances, constitute an undertaking or firm offer by 
the Issuer to effect a substitution of the Existing Bond with a Replacing Bond. Following delivery of Bond 
Switch Option Pricing Notification and in the absence of an Bond Switch Option Acceptance in 
accordance with paragraph (b) below, the relevant Issuer will have no obligation to effect the substitution 
of the Existing Bond with a Replacing Bond, including where the Qualifying Securityholders deliver an 
Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice in accordance with paragraph (b) below.

--- Page 866 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part E: Chapter 1: Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
866 
 
(b) 
The Qualifying Securityholders may send, at their option, to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the 
Principal Paying Agent), no later than two Business Days after receipt of such Bond Switch Option 
Pricing Notification, a notice requesting the exercise of the Bond Switch Option or providing an 
alternative proposal for the Bond Switch Option Pricing (a Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice) 
confirming. A Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to 
the Issuer of the relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice relates and (ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are 
blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such 
Securities shall remain so blocked until five Business Days (inclusive) after the date on which the Potential 
Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice, to which the Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice relates, was 
delivered by the Securityholder. 
(c) 
If the relevant Issuer notifies the Qualifying Securityholders of its acceptance of the Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice on or before the Business Day following receipt of the Bond Switch Option Exercise 
Notice (an Bond Switch Option Acceptance), then: 
(i) 
the Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities will be as set out in the Bond Switch Option 
Pricing Notification; and 
(ii) 
the Existing Bond will be replaced by the Replacing Bond; if the Existing Bond was part of the 
Collateral Assets, Secured Security Condition 4.6(a) (Substitution of Collateral Assets) will apply 
to such replacement and, for the purpose of such replacement only, "Collateral Substitution" will 
be deemed to be applicable (whether or not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the Collateral Test will be deemed to be satisfied on the Collateral Business Day immediately 
following the day on which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) sent or cause to 
be sent a notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Custodian in accordance with Secured 
Security Condition 4.6(a) (Substitution of Collateral Assets), and 
(iii) 
for: 
(A) 
the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Bond Switch 
Option Acceptance and all subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, if "Current Interest 
Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
in respect of all Interest Accrual Periods following that during which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Bond Switch Option Acceptance, if "Following Interest Bond Switch" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(C) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period (i) following that during which the relevant 
Issuer sent a valid Bond Switch Option Acceptance and (ii) commencing on an Interest 
Determination Date falling on or after the Interest Determination Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms for this purpose, if "Other Interest Bond Switch" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(D) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, if "Current Single Interest Bond Switch" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(E) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance, if "Following Single 
Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(F) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period during which the relevant Issuer sent a valid 
Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and each subsequent Interest Accrual period 
commencing on an Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for 
this purpose, if "Current Limited Single Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 867 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part E: Chapter 1: Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
867 
 
(G) 
in respect of the Interest Accrual Period immediately following that on which the 
relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and in respect of each 
Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer sent a valid Investor 
Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on the Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, if "Following Limited Single 
Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(H) 
in respect of each Interest Accrual Period following that on which the relevant Issuer 
sent a valid Investor Interest Switch Acceptance and commencing on each Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms for this purpose, if "Limited 
Interest Bond Switch" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the amendments to the applicable Final Terms required to reflect the consequences of the 
exercise of the Bond Switch Option. 
The Qualifying Securityholders may exercise the Bond Switch Option during the life of the Securities as many 
times as the Bond Switch Number subject to the Bond Switch Frequency. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Bond Switch Expiry Time means the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Frequency means the frequency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Bond Switch Notice Time the time designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Number the number designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Option Acceptance has the meaning given to it in paragraph (e) above of these Bond Switch Option 
Payoff Feature Conditions. 
Bond Switch Option Expiry Date means the date falling (10) Business Days, or such other number of Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to (i) each Interest Determination Date or the Interest 
Determination Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms for such purpose or (ii) each Interest Period Date or 
the Interest Period Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms for such purpose. 
Bond Switch Option Notice Date means, in respect of a Bond Switch Option Expiry Date, the date falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to such Bond Switch Option Expiry Date.  
Bond Switch Option Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Switch Option Pricing means, with respect to the Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice, (a) the 
cost or gain of effecting the switch of Bonds requested by the Securityholders in the Potential Bond Switch Option 
Exercise Notice, (b) the difference between the market value of the Existing Bond and the Replacing Bond and (c) 
the resulting adjusted Linked Interest Rate applicable to the Securities. 
Bond Switch Option Pricing Notification means, with respect to a Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice, 
a written notice given by the relevant Issuer to the Qualifying Securityholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying 
Agent) in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) notifying the Qualifying Securityholders of the Bond 
Switch Option Pricing. 
Potential Bond Switch Option Exercise Notice means a written notice given by the Qualifying Securityholders 
to the relevant Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) (a) requesting the Existing Bond (as defined 
above) to be replaced by the Replacing Bond (as defined above), identifying the Existing Bond and the Replacing

--- Page 868 ---
Annex 7 – Payoff Feature Conditions 
Part E: Chapter 1: Bond Switch Option Payoff Feature Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
868 
 
Bond by, amongst other things, its ISIN or other securities identification number, the exact name of the issuer, the 
redemption date and any applicable rate of interest and (b) requesting a Bond Switch Option Pricing. 
Qualifying Securityholders means the Securityholders holding 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Securities outstanding.

--- Page 869 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
869 
 
ANNEX 8 – EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER CONDITIONS 
The chapters of this annex each set out additional terms and conditions that may apply to the early redemption in respect 
of the Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to the early redemption of Linked Redemption Securities shall comprise the General 
Conditions and the Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following chapters comprise the terms and conditions (the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) that shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that one or more chapters of the Early Redemption Trigger Conditions is 
applicable. Only those chapters containing an early redemption trigger event specified in the applicable Final Terms will 
apply to a particular Series of Securities. The Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are set out as follows: 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 1 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 2 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 3 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 4 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 5 
Target Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 6 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
Chapter 7

--- Page 870 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 1: Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
870 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 1: Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger (the Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger) 
is applicable. These Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
ISSUER CALL EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
The relevant Issuer may (at its option) give notice to redeem all or some only of the Securities at the Issuer Call 
Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding Issuer Call Early Redemption Date. 
1.1 
Trigger 
If Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the relevant 
Issuer may give an Issuer Call Notice to redeem all or some only of the Securities then outstanding on the applicable 
Early Redemption Date and at the Issuer Call Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Issuer Call Early Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Call Nominal Amount or not more 
than the Maximum Call Nominal Amount. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Securities, the Securities to be redeemed (Redeemed Securities) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Securities represented by Definitive Securities, and in 
accordance with the rules of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) or, where applicable, in the records of the CMU, in the case of Redeemed Securities 
represented by a Global Security, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Securities represented by Definitive 
Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Security will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the 
date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Condition 1.1 and notice to that 
effect shall be given by the relevant Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) 
at least five (5) days prior to the Selection Date. 
In the case of Dematerialised French Securities, the partial redemption shall be effected by application of a pool 
factor (corresponding to a reduction of the principal amount of all such Dematerialised French Securities in a Series 
in proportion to the aggregate principal amount redeemed). 
In the case of Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities, the notice to the Securityholders shall also specify the 
Securities or amounts of the Redeemed Securities and the Record Date before the due date for the redemption and 
the procedures for partial redemptions laid down in the Swedish CSD Rules and the Finnish CSD Rules, 
respectively, will be observed. 
1.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:

--- Page 871 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 1: Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
871 
 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to 
these Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Issuer Call Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer Call Notice means notice by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the Securities given in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the Minimum Call Notice Period and, if 
applicable, not more than the Maximum Call Notice Period, expressing its intention to redeem all or some only of 
the Securities. A copy of such notice will be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of redemption of 
Registered Securities, the Registrar in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notices shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Maximum Call Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Maximum Call Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Call Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Call Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 872 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 2: Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
872 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 2: Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the Securities 
if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger (the Investor Put Early Redemption 
Trigger) is applicable. These Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in the 
Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
INVESTOR PUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
The investor may give notice, upon the expiry of which the relevant Issuer will redeem (subject to the Minimum Put 
Number of Securities), in whole (but not, in the case of a Bearer Security in definitive form, in part) the relevant 
Security(ies) at the Investor Put Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding 
Investor Put Early Redemption Date. 
2.1 
Trigger 
If Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, upon the expiry 
of any Investor Put Notice and subject as provided below, the relevant Issuer will redeem, in whole (but not, in the 
case of a Bearer Security in definitive form, in part) the relevant Security(ies) on the Investor Put Early Redemption 
Date and at the Investor Put Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Investor Put Early Redemption Date. Registered Securities may be redeemed in any multiple of their 
lowest Specified Denomination. 
If this Security is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the CMU, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security must deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) 
at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (an Exercise Notice) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Condition and, in the case of 
Registered Securities, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Security in respect 
of the balance of such Registered Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General 
Condition 1.3(c) (Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form), accompanied by this Security or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) that this Security 
will, following delivery of the Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Security is represented by a Global Security or is in definitive form and held through DTC, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Securities) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on its instruction by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Security is represented by a Global Security and held through the CMU, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Hong Kong 
Paying Agent of such exercise in a form acceptable to the Hong Kong Paying Agent from time to time.

--- Page 873 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 2: Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
873 
 
The Issuer's obligation to redeem this Security following service of an Investor Put Notice shall be subject to the 
condition that such Investor Put Notice is served in respect of a number of Securities at least equal to the Minimum 
Put Number of Securities. If an Investor Put Notice is served in respect of a number of Securities less than the 
Minimum Put Number of Securities, such Investor Put Notice shall not be of any effect and the Issuer shall have 
no obligations in respect thereof. 
An Investor Put Notice must include (a) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the relevant 
Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Investor Put Notice relates and (b) confirmation from the 
relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's account together with the 
Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two Business Days after redemption. 
Any Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or given directly to the Hong Kong Paying Agent, in the case of CMU Securities, given 
by a holder of any Security pursuant to this Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Condition 2.1 shall be 
irrevocable, except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Condition 2.1 and instead to declare such 
Security forthwith due and payable pursuant to General Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Any Exercise Notice in respect of Swedish Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer until the date 
on which the relevant Swedish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Issuing 
Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Swedish Issuing Agent. 
Any Exercise Notice in respect of Norwegian Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer before the 
date on which the relevant Norwegian Securities have been blocked for further transfer or, if requested by the 
Norwegian Issuing Agent, transferred to an account designated by the Norwegian Issuing Agent. 
Any Exercise Notice in respect of Finnish Securities will not take effect against the relevant Issuer until the date on 
which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the Finnish Issuing Agent 
and blocked for further transfer by said Finnish Issuing Agent. 
2.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Investor Put Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to 
these Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Investor Put Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to the 
Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investor Put Notice means a notice by any holder of Securities to the relevant Issuer given in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the Minimum Put Notice Period and, if 
applicable, not more than the Maximum Put Notice Period. A copy of such notice will be given to the Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of a redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify a bank account (or, if payment is 
required to be made by cheque, an address to which payment is to be made under this Investor Put Early Redemption 
Trigger Condition). 
Maximum Put Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Minimum Put Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to a 
minimum period of five Business Days as required by Euroclear and Clearstream, Banking, or such other minimum 
period specified by the CMU in respect of CMU Securities.

--- Page 874 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 2: Investor Put Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
874 
 
Minimum Put Number of Securities means the number of Securities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 875 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 4: Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
875 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 3: Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger (the Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger) 
is applicable. These Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
3. 
KNOCK-OUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If either on the Knock-out Early Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the Knock-out Early Redemption 
Observation Period, the Underlying Value of the Underlying reaches the ERB or is within the relevant Range, the 
relevant Issuer will redeem all of the Securities at the Knock-out Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, 
if any, on the corresponding Knock-out Early Redemption Date.  
3.1 
Trigger 
If Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable and a Knock-
out Trigger occurs, the relevant Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the 
Knock-out Early Redemption Date and at the Knock-out Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Knock-out Early Redemption Date. 
If the last Early Redemption Date is defined as the Redemption Date in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-out 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions will supersede the Redemption Method Conditions and the relevant Issuer 
will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the Redemption Date and at the Knock-
out Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Redemption 
Date. The Final Redemption Amount, as per Redemption Method Conditions, will be deemed to be the relevant 
Knock-out Early Redemption Amount. 
3.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
Knock-out Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to 
these Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Knock-out Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Knock-out Early Redemption Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Knock-out Trigger means that the Underlying Value is [higher than ERB] [higher than or equal to ERB] [lower 
than ERB] [lower than or equal to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at 
least one previous] [each previous] Knock-out Early Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on 
at least one Scheduled Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days 
which are not Disrupted Days] during the Knock-out Early Redemption Observation Period.

--- Page 876 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 4: Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
876 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 4: Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger (the Callable Knock-
out Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere 
in the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
4. 
CALLABLE KNOCK-OUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If on a Callable Knock-out Observation Date, the Underlying Value of the Underlyingr is within the relevant Range, 
the relevant Issuer may (at its option) give notice to redeem all of the Securities at the Callable Knock-out Early 
Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding Callable Knock-out Early Redemption 
Date. The Underlying Value reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingr at the relevant time. The 
value of the Underlyingr may therefore affect when the Securities redeem. 
4.1 
Trigger 
If: 
(a) 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable; 
and 
(b) 
on the relevant Callable Knock-out Observation Date, a Callable Knock-out Trigger occurs, 
the relevant Issuer may (at its option) give a Callable Knock-out Redemption Notice to redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Securities then outstanding on the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Callable Knock-out Trigger Date and at the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Date. Any such redemption must 
be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Callable Knock-out Nominal Amount or not more than the 
Maximum Knock-out Call Nominal Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
4.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities 
pursuant to these Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance 
with the relevant Redemption Method. 
Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant 
to these Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Callable Knock-out Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and each 
such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Callable Knock-out Redemption Notice means notice by the relevant Issuer to the holders of the Securities given 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the Minimum Callable 
Knock-out Notice Period and, if applicable, not more than the Maximum Callable Knock-out Notice Period 
expressing its intention to redeem all or some only of the Securities. A copy of such notice will be given to the

--- Page 877 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 4: Callable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
877 
 
Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of redemption of Registered Securities, the Registrar in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Callable Knock-out Trigger means that the Underlying Valuer is within the Range on the relevant Callable Knock-
out Observation Date. 
Callable Knock-out Trigger Date means any Callable Knock-out Observation Date on which a Callable Knock-
out Trigger occurs. 
Maximum Callable Knock-out Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Knock-out Call Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Callable Knock-out Nominal Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Minimum Callable Knock-out Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Underlyingr means the Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest 
or Future, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Callable Knock-out Observation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Index, the Index level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price; 
(i) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuer means the Underlying Value of Underlyingr.

--- Page 878 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 5: Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
878 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 5: Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the 
Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger (the Puttable Knock-
out Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. These Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject 
to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in 
the Terms and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
PUTTABLE KNOCK-OUT EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If on a Puttable Knock-out Observation Date, the Underlying Value of the Underlyingr is within the relevant Range, 
the Securityholder may (at its option) request the relevant Issuer to redeem in whole the relevant Securities at the 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on the corresponding Puttable Knock-
out Early Redemption Date. The Underlying Value reflects the price, level or rate of the relevant Underlyingr at 
the relevant time. The value of the Underlyingr may therefore affect when the Securities redeem. 
5.1 
Trigger 
If: 
(a) 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable; 
and 
(b) 
on the relevant Puttable Knock-out Observation Date, a Puttable Knock-out Trigger occurs, 
a holder of any Security may give a Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice to the relevant Issuer, upon the expiry 
of such Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice, the relevant Issuer will redeem, in whole (but not, in the case of a 
Bearer Security in definitive form, in part) the relevant Security on the Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Date 
corresponding to the Puttable Knock-out Trigger Date and at the Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Date. 
Registered Securities may be redeemed in any multiple of their lowest Specified Denomination. 
A Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice must include (i) evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer of the 
relevant Securityholder's holding of the Securities to which the Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice relates and 
(ii) confirmation from the relevant clearing system that such Securities are blocked in the relevant Securityholder's 
account together with the Securityholder's undertaking that such Securities shall remain so blocked until two 
Business Days after the relevant Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Date. If this Security is in definitive form 
and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the CMU, to exercise the right to require redemption 
of this Security, the holder of this Security must deliver at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) at any time during normal business hours 
of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and 
signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a Puttable Knock-out Exercise Notice) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Condition and, in the case of Registered Securities, 
the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Securities 
so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 1.3(c) 
(Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form), accompanied by this Security or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) that this Security will, following 
delivery of the Puttable Knock-out Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control.

--- Page 879 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 5: Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
879 
 
If this Security is represented by a Global Security or is in definitive form and held through DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Securities) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on its instruction by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Security is represented by a Global Security and held through the CMU, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Security, the holder of this Security must, within the notice period, give notice directly to the 
Hong Kong Paying Agent of such exercise in a form acceptable to the Hong Kong Paying Agent from time to time. 
Any Puttable Knock-out Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or given directly to the Hong Kong Paying Agent, in the case of CMU 
Securities, given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
Condition 5.1 shall be irrevocable, except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Condition 5.1 and instead 
to declare such Security forthwith due and payable pursuant to General Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Any Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice in respect of Swedish Securities will not take effect against the relevant 
Issuer until the date on which the relevant Swedish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by 
the Swedish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent. 
Any Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice in respect of Norwegian Securities will not take effect against the 
relevant Issuer before the date on which the relevant Norwegian Securities have been blocked for further transfer 
or, if requested by the Norwegian Issuing Agent, transferred to an account designated by the Norwegian Issuing 
Agent. 
Any Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice in respect of Finnish Securities will not take effect against the relevant 
Issuer until the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the 
Finnish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by said Agent. 
5.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
Maximum Puttable Knock-out Notice Period means, if applicable, the notice period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Puttable Knock-out Notice Period means the notice period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Puttable Knock-out Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and each 
such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities 
pursuant to these Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance 
with the relevant Redemption Method. 
Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant 
to these Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Puttable Knock-out Redemption Notice means notice by any holder of the Securities to the relevant Issuer given 
in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) with a notice period of not less than the Minimum Puttable

--- Page 880 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 5: Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
880 
 
Knock-out Notice Period and, if applicable, not more than the Maximum Puttable Knock-out Notice Period. A copy 
of such notice will be given to the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of a redemption of Registered Securities, 
the Registrar in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address to which payment is to be made under 
this Puttable Knock-out Early Redemption Trigger Condition). 
Puttable Knock-out Trigger means that the Underlying Value is within the Range on the relevant Puttable Knock-
out Observation Date. 
Puttable Knock-out Trigger Date means any Puttable Knock-out Observation Date on which a Puttable Knock-
out Trigger occurs. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Underlyingr means the Commodity, Index, Inflation Index, FX Rate, Benchmark Rate, ETF, Share, Fund Interest 
or Future, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying Value means, with respect to a Puttable Knock-out Observation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Commodity, the Commodity Reference Price; 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Benchmark Rate, the Benchmark Rate Level; 
(c) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Index, the Index level; 
(d) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an Inflation Index, the Inflation Index Level; 
(e) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a FX Rate, the relevant rate of exchange; 
(f) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is an ETF, the ETF Closing Price; 
(g) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Share, the Share Price;  
(h) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Fund Interest, the Fund Price;  
(i) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Future, the Future Price; or 
(j) 
in respect of an Underlyingr which is a Portfolio, the Net Portfolio Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or may be equal to 
zero (0) and will be expressed without regard to the currency of denomination of the Underlying Value (if any). 
Underlying Valuer means the Underlying Value of Underlyingr.

--- Page 881 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 6: Target Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
881 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 6: Target Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions applicable to Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
Target Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the 
applicable Final Terms indicate that Target Early Redemption Trigger (the Target Early Redemption Trigger) is applicable. 
These Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms 
and Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
TARGET EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If on any Target Redemption Observation Date, the aggregate amount of interest paid on all previous Interest 
Payment Dates since the Issue Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period in respect of which a Target Early Redemption Trigger Events occurs is greater than or equal to the Target 
Level, the relevant Issuer will redeem all of the Securities at the Target Early Redemption Amount on the 
corresponding Target Early Redemption Date. 
6.1 
Trigger 
If: 
(a) 
Target Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable; and 
(b) 
on any Target Redemption Observation Date the aggregate Interest Amounts paid by the relevant Issuer 
in respect of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities on all Interest Payment Dates 
since the Issue Date up to and including the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period is greater than or equal to the Target Level (a Target Early Redemption Trigger Event), 
the relevant Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the Target Early 
Redemption Date at the Target Early Redemption Amount. 
6.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
Global Security Calculation Amount Factor means a number equal to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Securities divided by the Calculation Amount or Specified Denominations, as relevant. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions). 
Target Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Target Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant Redemption 
Method. 
Target Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these Target 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Level means the number or percentage in the Specified Currency per Calculation Amount or Specified 
Denominations, as relevant, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be multiplied by: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, the Global Security Calculation Amount Factor; 
or

--- Page 882 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 6: Target Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
882 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount Factor. 
Target Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and each 
such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions.

--- Page 883 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 7: Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
883 
 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions: Chapter 7: Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
This chapter sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities for which the applicable Final Terms specify an 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger to be applicable. 
The following terms and conditions (the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions) will apply to the Securities if 
the applicable Final Terms indicate that an Automatic Early Redemption Trigger (the Automatic Early Redemption 
Trigger) is applicable. These Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms. 
All capitalised terms not defined in these Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and 
Conditions (including, without limitation, in the Definitions Conditions) will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION TRIGGER 
If either on the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date(s) or during the Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Period, the Performance_ER reaches the ERB or is within the relevant Range, as the case may be, the 
Issuer will redeem all of the Securities at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount with accrued interest, if any, on 
the corresponding Automatic Early Redemption Date.  
7.1 
Trigger 
If Automatic Early Redemption Trigger is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable and an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding 
on the Automatic Early Redemption Date and at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
7.2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the following terms will have the 
following meanings: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to 
these Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the amount determined in accordance with the relevant 
Redemption Method. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means, in respect of an early redemption of the Securities pursuant to these 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger Conditions, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means: 
(a) 
if "Option 1" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Performance_ER is 
[higher than ERB] [higher than or equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or equal to ERB] [within 
Range] [outside Range] either (A) on [the] [the current] [each] [at least one previous] [each previous] 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, or (B) [at least one time] [on at least one Scheduled 
Trading Day] [at all times] [on all Scheduled Trading Days] [on all Scheduled Trading Days which are 
not Disrupted Days] during the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period; 
(b) 
if "Option 2" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the Performance_ER of 
each Underlying(i) is [higher than ERB] [higher than or equal to ERB] [lower than ERB] [lower than or 
equal to ERB] [within Range] [outside Range] either (A) on the current Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or any previous Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date (for the avoidance of 
doubt, the condition does not need to be met on the same Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
for each Underlying(i)), or (B) [at least one time during the Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Period (for the avoidance of doubt, the condition does not need to be met at the same time for each 
Underlying(i))] [on at least one Scheduled Trading Day during the Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 884 ---
Annex 8 – Early Redemption Trigger Conditions 
Chapter 7: Automatic Early Redemption Trigger 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
884 
 
Observation Period (for the avoidance of doubt, the condition does not need to be met on the same 
Scheduled Trading Day for each Underlying(i))]. 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
and each such date is deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption Method has the meaning set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions).

--- Page 885 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
885 
 
ANNEX 9 – REDEMPTION METHOD CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions (the Redemption Method Conditions) relating to the redemption 
payments or deliveries in respect of a Series of Securities other than a redemption pursuant to General Condition 6.8 
(Redemption Amounts) or Annex 11 (Preference Share Linked Securities). 
The terms and conditions applicable to a Redemption Method (as defined below) of Linked Redemption Securities, and, 
where applicable, Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. 
The following terms and conditions (the Redemption Method Conditions) shall apply to the Securities. Only those 
Redemption Method Conditions containing an applicable Redemption Method specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purposes of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption 
Amount or an Early Redemption Amount will apply to a particular Series of Securities for determining such amount. These 
Redemption Method Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
For the purposes of these Redemption Method Conditions, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First 
Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
Calculation Amount Factor has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Combination Payoff Conditions has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Combination Redemption Payoff means the relevant chapter of Part B of the Combination Payoff Conditions. 
Early Redemption Amount is the amount determined in accordance with the Redemption Method specified as 
applicable for Early Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to any applicable 
Payoff Feature. 
Early Redemption Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Early Redemption Level means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount is the amount determined in accordance with the Redemption Method specified as 
applicable for the Final Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to any applicable 
Payoff Feature provided that if the Final Redemption Amount is lower than PL multiplied by the Nominal Amount, 
the Final Redemption Amount will be deemed to be equal to PL multiplied by the Nominal Amount. 
If the last Early Redemption Date is defined as the Redemption Date in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Early Redemption Trigger Conditions will supersede the Redemption Method Conditions and the relevant Issuer 
will redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities then outstanding on the Redemption Date and at the Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Redemption Date. 
Therefore the Final Redemption Amount, as per Redemption Method Conditions, will be deemed to be equal to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Growth Redemption has the meaning set out in Redemption Method Condition 4 (Growth Redemption). 
Instalment Amount has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Instalment Date has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Instalment Redemption Amount is the amount determined in accordance with the Redemption Method specified 
as applicable for Instalment Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to any 
applicable Payoff Feature.

--- Page 886 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
886 
 
Nominal Amount means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Securities) that are represented by a Global 
Security, either (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by 
such Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) or (ii) the 
nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest 
Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities (other than Instalment Securities) in definitive form, the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the Calculation Amount Factors, 
provided that in the case of any Security (other than an Instalment Security) where the Final Redemption 
Amount is determined by reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions, the Index Linked Asset 
Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions, the Nominal Amount attributable to each Security shall 
be the Specified Denomination of such Security; 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining the Instalment Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
in the case of Instalment Securities that are represented by a Global Security, either (i) the 
aggregate Instalment Amount of the Securities on the relevant Instalment Date represented by 
such Global Security or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the Specified Denomination (or, 
if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Instalment Securities in definitive form or any Instalment Security where the 
Instalment Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions, 
the Index Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions, the Instalment Amount 
on the relevant Instalment Date; or 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities that are represented by a Global Security, either (i) the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Securities represented by such Global Security (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) or (ii) the nominal amount represented by the 
Specified Denomination (or, if more than one, the lowest Specified Denomination), all as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form, the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount Factor, 
provided that in the case of any Security where the Early Redemption Amount is determined by reference 
to the Share Linked Asset Conditions, the Index Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset 
Conditions, the Nominal Amount attributable to each Security shall be the Specified Denomination of such 
Security. 
Payoff Feature has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Performance Redemption has the meaning set out in Redemption Method Condition 3 (Performance 
Redemption). 
PL ("Protection Level") means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Determination Date means (a) for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount, the 
date specified as the Redemption Determination Date in the applicable Final Terms, (b) in the case of Instalment 
Securities for the purposes of determining an Instalment Redemption Amount, the relevant date specified as the 
Redemption Determination Date in respect of an Instalment Date, or (c) for the purposes of determining an Early 
Redemption Amount, the date falling such number of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
prior to the Early Redemption Date, and each such date shall be deemed to be an "Observation Date" for the

--- Page 887 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
887 
 
purposes of the relevant Asset Conditions. If Redemption Determination Date is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Redemption Determination Date shall be, as the case may be, the date that is the Redemption 
Observation Date or the latest Redemption Observation Date (if more than one) or the latest Observation Date of 
the relevant Redemption Observation Period. 
Redemption Method means each of Standard Redemption, Performance Redemption or Growth Redemption, as 
applicable for the purposes of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an 
Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption Payoff means the relevant redemption payoff determined in accordance with the relevant Standard 
Redemption Payoff or the relevant Combination Redemption Payoff as specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purposes of a Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment 
Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount. 
Redemption Unwind Costs means, in respect of each Security: 
(a) 
if Payoff Feature Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (notwithstanding 
that Redemption Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), (i) where the 
Final Redemption Amount or the Instalment Redemption Amount is determined after the basis on which 
redemption is calculated has been switched in accordance with any applicable Payoff Feature Condition, 
an amount, equal to such Security's pro rata portion of the value (determined in the currency in which the 
Securities are denominated) of any losses, expenses and costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates who may have hedged the price risk of the Securities and any loss of tax relief or other tax 
consequences of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related swap agreement or other hedging 
arrangements, all as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion or (ii) where the basis on 
which redemption is calculated has not been switched in accordance with any applicable Payoff Feature 
Condition, zero (0). 
(b) 
subject to (a) above, if Redemption Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) in the case of an Early Redemption Amount, an amount, equal to such Security's pro rata portion of the 
value (determined in the currency in which the Securities are denominated) of any losses, expenses and 
costs to the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates who may have hedged the price risk of the Securities 
and any loss of tax relief or other tax consequences of unwinding or adjusting any underlying or related 
swap agreement or other hedging arrangements, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion or (ii) in the case of a Final Redemption Amount or an Instalment Redemption Amount, zero 
(0); 
(c) 
if Redemption Unwind Costs and Payoff Feature Unwind Costs are each specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, zero (0). 
Reference Price means 
(a) 
the percentage of the Nominal Amount of the Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if multiple percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage of the Nominal Amount 
of the Securities corresponding to the relevant point of determination of the Final Redemption Amount, 
an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
100 per cent. plus an amount equal to C multiplied by n divided by N, where C, n and N are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
the Early Redemption Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Standard Payoff Conditions has the meaning set out in the Definitions Conditions. 
Standard Redemption has the meaning set out in Redemption Method Condition 2 (Standard Redemption). 
Standard Redemption Payoff means the relevant chapter of Part B of the Standard Payoff Conditions.

--- Page 888 ---
Annex 9 – Redemption Method Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
888 
 
2. 
STANDARD REDEMPTION 
If Standard Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable for the purposes of a Redemption 
Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early 
Redemption Amount, any such amount, as the case may be, will be equal to: 
Reference Price x Nominal Amount - Redemption Unwind Costs 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date. 
3. 
PERFORMANCE REDEMPTION 
If Performance Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable for the purposes of a 
Redemption Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount 
or an Early Redemption Amount, any such amount, as the case may be, will be equal to: 
(Reference Price ± Redemption Payoff) x Nominal Amount – Redemption Unwind Costs 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date. 
4. 
GROWTH REDEMPTION 
If Growth Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, for the purposes of a Redemption 
Determination Date in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, an Instalment Redemption Amount or an Early 
Redemption Amount, any such amount, as the case may be, will be equal to: 
(Reference Price x Redemption Payoff) x Nominal Amount – Redemption Unwind Costs 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption Determination Date. 
5. 
CASH OR PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
In relation to any Security where the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount is determined 
by reference to the Share Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms specifies that "Cash or Physical Settlement" applies, the Final Terms shall specify the circumstances in 
which the Securities will be redeemed by way of Delivery of the Physical Settlement Amount (as determined in 
accordance with the Share Linked Asset Conditions or the ETF Linked Asset Conditions, as the case may be) in 
lieu of the payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption Amount, as the case may be. Such 
circumstances may be determined by reference to the Standard Payoff Conditions, Combination Payoff Conditions 
and/or Payoff Feature Conditions (or any part thereof) which are specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
relating to such Securities for the purposes of determining the Final Redemption Amount or Instalment Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 889 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
889 
 
ANNEX 10 – SECURED SECURITY CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Secured Securities. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Secured Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the Additional 
Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The Secured Security Conditions shall apply to the Securities if the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Securities are 
Secured Securities. These Secured Security Conditions are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
1. 
GENERAL 
The Final Terms shall specify, inter alia: 
(a) 
whether Collateral Monitoring applies, and if it applies, the Type of Collateralisation, Collateral Test 
Dates, Eligible Collateral Assets and any Haircut with respect to each Eligible Collateral Asset type, 
(b) 
whether Self-Monitoring is applicable; 
(c) 
whether Collateral Substitution is applicable; 
(d) 
whether the Collateral Pool Type is a Single Series Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral Pool; 
(e) 
the Collateral Pool identification number; 
(f) 
the identity of the Custodian(s); 
(g) 
whether Third Party Security applies; and 
(h) 
whether any Additional Security Document(s) are required. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Secured Security Conditions, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Additional Charged Document means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, any document specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional Security Document means any additional security document, which is entered into by the Issuer, and/or 
any Third Party Chargor in respect of a Series of Secured Securities in order to create a security interest over the 
Collateral Account and/or over the Collateral Assets therein. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First 
Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
Amount Owed means in respect of a Secured Security, an amount equal to that Security's Early Redemption 
Amount minus any amounts, which have been paid in respect of that Security by the Issuer or by the Guarantor 
prior to Enforcement. 
Applicable Grace Period means five consecutive Collateral Business Days or such other period specified in the 
Final Terms. 
BNY means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, a limited liability company and credit institution organised 
under the laws of Belgium, registered in the RPM Brussels with company number 0806.743.159, whose registered 
office is at 46, Rue Montoyerstraat, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium, in its capacity as custodian and collateral monitoring 
agent (as applicable) in relation to Secured Securities.

--- Page 890 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
890 
 
BNY Custody Agreement means a custody agreement between the Pledgor and BNY dated 6 January 2004, as 
amended on 31 July 2014, pursuant to which BNY agrees to maintain one or more cash or securities custody 
accounts for the Pledgor. 
BNY TACA means a triparty account control agreement dated 3 November 2021 between BNY, the Pledgor and 
the Security Trustee, pursuant to which BNY provides collateral services to the Pledgor and the Security Trustee 
in respect of the custody accounts held with BNY pursuant to the BNY Custody Agreement. 
CEP means Citibank Europe plc, Luxembourg Branch, in its capacity as custodian in relation to Secured Securities. 
Charged Documents means each of the Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Service 
Terms for each Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Custodian Terms for each Custodian, the Valuation Agency 
Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and any applicable Additional Charged Document. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking, S.A., in its capacity as custodian and collateral monitoring agent (as 
applicable) in relation to Series of Secured Securities. 
Clearstream Terms means the Custodian Terms and the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms that apply when 
Clearstream is the applicable Custodian and Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
Clearstream T&Cs means the "CBL Customer Handbook" and the "Terms and Conditions", as published on the 
website of Clearstream from time to time. 
Collateral Account means, collectively, the securities and/or cash account or accounts established with the 
Custodian for the purposes of safekeeping the Collateral Assets, as identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Where the Custodian is Euroclear, the Collateral Account will be a "Single Pledgor Pledged Account" 
comprising one or more pledged securities accounts and related cash accounts in the Euroclear System in 
the name of Euroclear Bank SA/NV acting in its own name but for the account of the Pledgee. The 
account(s) will be operated by Euroclear under the terms of the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service 
Terms between the Pledgor, the Pledgee and Euroclear, and will be subject to a pledge from the Pledgor 
to the Pledgee.  
(b) 
Where the Custodian is Clearstream, the Collateral Account will be one or more pledged accounts 
comprising a pledged securities account and related cash account in the securities settlement system of 
Clearstream, such account(s) to be opened in the name of the Pledgor. Each such account will be operated 
by Clearstream under the terms of the Collateral Management Service Agreement (and applicable 
appendices) and the Clearstream T&Cs and will be subject to a pledge from the Pledgor to the Pledgee. 
The Pledgor shall notify Clearstream upon opening each such account that the right of re(use) by the 
Pledgee of the Collateral in the account shall not be permitted. 
(c) 
Where the Custodian is BNY, the Collateral Account will be one or more pledged accounts comprising a 
pledged securities account and related cash account in the securities settlement system of BNY, such 
accounts to be opened in the name of the Pledgor. Each such account will be operated by BNY under the 
terms of the Tri-Party Account Agreement and will be subject to a pledge from the Pledgor to the Pledgee. 
(d) 
Where the Custodian is CEP or such other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral 
Account will be one or more pledged accounts consisting of a pledged securities account and related cash 
account established with the applicable Custodian in the name of the Pledgor, each such account being 
subject to a pledge from the Pledgor to the Pledgee. 
If Multiple Custodians is applicable, there will be separate Collateral Accounts held at each Custodian. Any 
reference herein to "Collateral Account" shall be deemed to apply to each of them, or both of them collectively, as 
applicable, unless otherwise specified. 
Collateral Adjustment Notice means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable and Self-Monitoring is applicable, a notice sent or caused to be sent by the Collateral 
Manager to the Custodian and (if applicable) the Series Collateral Monitoring Agent (copied to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, as the case may be) in relation to a particular Collateral Pool specifying adjustments to be made to the

--- Page 891 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
891 
 
Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) 
and showing that the Collateral Test will be satisfied after such adjustments. 
Collateral Arrangement Party means each of the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the 
Custodian, the Security Trustee and the Disposal Agent. 
Collateral Assets means: 
(a) 
where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
a Series of Secured Securities, the assets (which may include cash) Delivered to the Custodian, and as 
adjusted from time to time in accordance with Secured Security Condition 9(c), and held in the Collateral 
Account relating to such Series of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of a Series of Secured Securities, the Series Proportion of the assets (which may include cash) Delivered 
to the Custodian and held in the Collateral Account relating to all Series of Secured Securities, which are 
together secured on the assets in that account. 
The applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities will specify either the Eligibility Criteria for Collateral 
Assets or the Initial Collateral Assets to be transferred on or around the Issue Date to the Collateral Account (or, in 
the case of a Series for which Collateral Substitution is applicable, both the Eligibility Criteria for the Collateral 
Assets and the Initial Collateral Assets), except that, as of the Issue Date, the assets transferred may be a cash 
amount pending delivery of the Initial Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Assets Entitlement means, in respect of a Placed Security in a Series of Secured Securities, such Placed 
Security's pro rata share of the Collateral Assets Series Entitlement for such Series, such pro rata share to be 
determined only by reference to the Placed Securities of the relevant Series. The Collateral Assets Entitlement of a 
Non-Placed Security shall be zero. 
Collateral Assets Series Entitlement means, after payment has been made of all amounts due in respect of such 
Series of Secured Securities to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance 
with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and liquidation of any Collateral Assets which 
are required to be realised in accordance with these Secured Security Conditions: 
(a) 
for a Series (Shared Collateral), the sum of (i) an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (I) the 
Collateral Assets available for distribution from the Collateral Pool and (II) the Series Proportion for such 
Series, and (B) an amount of Collateral Assets with a market value equal to the aggregate Amount Owed 
for all Securities in such Series and (ii) any other amounts available for distribution in accordance with the 
Security Trust Deed following Enforcement; and 
(b) 
for a Series (Solo Collateral), the sum of (i) an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the Collateral Assets 
available for distribution from the Collateral Pool and (B) an amount of Collateral Assets with a market 
value equal to the aggregate Amount Owed for all Securities in such Series, and (ii) any other amounts 
available for distribution in accordance with the Security Trust Deed following Enforcement. 
Collateral Business Day means: (i) with respect to a Series of Secured Securities where Collateral Monitoring is 
not applicable, each Business Day; (ii) with respect to a Series of Secured Securities where Collateral Monitoring 
is applicable, each day which is both a Business Day and a day on which commercial banks, relevant clearing 
systems and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the jurisdiction of the Collateral Monitoring Agent; (iii) with 
respect to a Series of Secured Securities where Self-Monitoring is applicable, each day which is both a Business 
Day a day on which commercial banks, relevant clearing systems and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
jurisdiction of the Valuation Agent; or (iv) as may otherwise be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Currency Screen Page means the relevant screen page (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate or as otherwise determined by the Valuation Agent 
on the basis of the relevant exchange spot rate.

--- Page 892 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
892 
 
Collateral Currency Specified Time means the specified time (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate or as otherwise determined by the Valuation Agent on 
the basis of the relevant exchange spot rate. 
Collateral Delivery Date means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities where Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets on Enforcement is applicable, the date on which the Security Trustee intends to Deliver the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement to the holders of the Placed Securities. 
Collateral Disruption Event means the occurrence of one of the following events: 
(a) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates considers, in its sole and absolute discretion, that it: 
(i) 
is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints (including, 
without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other governmental or regulatory 
constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack of liquidity in the market or otherwise, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems 
necessary to obtain Collateral Assets; or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option contract(s) or 
any relevant hedge positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or 
(ii) 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date on which 
the issue of a Series of Secured Securities is first priced) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) or other relevant cost (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
funding cost) to (A) acquire, borrow, substitute, or dispose of any Collateral Assets, (B) establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction entered into by the Issuer 
or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Collateral Assets or (C) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such Collateral Assets; 
(b) 
(i) the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable substitute or 
replacement Collateral Arrangement Party following the termination of the relevant agreement or 
resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral Arrangement Party or (ii) the Issuer would incur 
costs, expenses or other liabilities in excess of those costs, expenses and liabilities which would have been 
incurred in the future but for the occurrence of the Collateral Disruption Event in respect of the function 
performed by the relevant Collateral Arrangement Party (unless Securityholders compensate the Issuer for 
the excess amount within two Business Days of the Issuer notifying Securityholders of the occurrence of 
this Collateral Disruption Event); 
(c) 
a Collateral Settlement Failure; or 
(d) 
a Custodian Default. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Multiple Custodians is applicable, the Custodian Default by any of the Custodian 
constitutes a Collateral Disruption Event. 
Collateral Enforcement Notice means a notice from a holder of a Placed Security requesting that the security 
constituted by the relevant Pledge Agreement and the relevant Security Trust Deed be enforced. Any Collateral 
Enforcement Notice shall be in writing and delivered in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.1 
(Acceleration and Enforcement of Collateral) to the Security Trustee and copied to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor, and the Principal Paying Agent (and, if applicable, the other Paying Agents) and shall include such 
details as are necessary to establish and verify the Secured Securities held by the Securityholder delivering such 
notice. 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds means the net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the 
Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool in respect of one or more Series of Secured Securities and any other amounts 
available for distribution following Enforcement after payment of all amounts payable to the Secured Parties 
ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities of the relevant Series which are secured on such Collateral Pool 
in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 893 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
893 
 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share means, in respect of a Placed Security of a Series, the pro rata share of 
the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds attributable to such Placed Security in such Series of Secured Securities, 
subject to a maximum equal to the Amount Owed where such pro rata share will be calculated by reference to the 
Amount Owed in respect of the Placed Security divided by the aggregate Amount Owed in respect of each other 
Placed Security for a Series which is secured on the same Collateral Pool. 
Collateral Management Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, Crédit Agricole CIB as Collateral 
Manager and the Issuers, as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Collateral Manager means Crédit Agricole CIB (or any substitute or replacement entity appointed in respect 
thereof pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management Agreement and/or these Secured Security Conditions) 
and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity appointed by the Collateral Manager. 
Collateral Manual Adjustment Event means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, one of the following 
events: 
(a) 
an agreement between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the holders of such Series to 
restructure the terms of such Series of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
the partial buy-back by the relevant Issuer of Secured Securities from such Series. 
Collateral Monitoring means, if specified as being applicable in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in the 
applicable Final Terms, (a) where Self-Monitoring is not applicable, the monitoring of the value of the Collateral 
Assets on the Issue Date and the Collateral Test Dates in accordance with these Secured Security Conditions, and 
(b) where Self-Monitoring is applicable, the monitoring of the value of the Collateral Assets on the Collateral Test 
Dates in accordance with these Secured Security Conditions. 
Collateral Monitoring Agent, (a) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable and Self-Monitoring is not applicable, means Euroclear, Clearstream, BNY or the Series 
Collateral Monitoring Agent, or any substitute or replacement entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the 
terms of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms and/or these Secured Security Conditions, and, if applicable, any 
sub-agent of, or any other entity appointed by the Collateral Monitoring Agent, in all cases as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and (b) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities where Multiple Custodians is applicable, 
any two such entities specified as a "Collateral Monitoring Agent" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice means, (a) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Self-Monitoring is not applicable, a notice from the applicable Collateral 
Monitoring Agent to the Pledgor providing details of why it considers that the Collateral Test is not satisfied, and 
(b) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Self-
Monitoring is applicable, a notice from the Collateral Manager to the Pledgor providing details of why it considers 
that the Collateral Test is not satisfied. 
Collateral Monitoring Service Terms means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Self-Monitoring is not applicable, the detailed terms of the collateral 
monitoring services to be provided by the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, in the following form: 
(a) 
where Euroclear is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the provisions of (i) the Euroclear T&Cs, (ii) where 
applicable, the "Collateral Service Agreement – Terms and Conditions (January 2018)", (iii) where 
applicable, the "Collateral Service Agreement – Operating Procedures (January 2018)", (iv) where 
applicable, the "Securities Lending Service Agreement – Terms and Conditions (July 2018)", (v) where 
applicable, the "Securities Lending Service Agreement – Operating Procedures (September 2021)", (vi) 
the SPPA Terms and (vii) any ancillary agreements relating thereto, in the case of (ii) to (v), as entered 
into between, inter alia, the Pledgor, and Euroclear, as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement 
between the parties from time to time; 
(b) 
where Clearstream is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the provisions of (i) the Clearstream T&Cs, (ii) the 
"Collateral Management Service Agreement for Collateral Givers" (July 2016 version), together with the 
Appendix A thereto, between Clearstream and the Pledgor, which will be entered into at the time of 
establishment of the relevant Collateral Account, (iii) the "Collateral Management Service Agreement for

--- Page 894 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
894 
 
Collateral Receivers entered into between Clearstream and CBNA and (iv) any ancillary agreements 
relating thereto, in the case of (ii) and (iv), as these may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement 
between the relevant parties from time to time; 
(c) 
where BNY is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the provisions of (i) the BNY Custody Agreement and (ii) 
the BNY TACA, as such agreements as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the 
parties from time to time; and. 
(d) 
where the relevant Series Collateral Monitoring Agent is the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the relevant 
Series Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, as such agreement may be updated, amended or replaced 
by agreement between the parties from time to time. 
Collateral Pool means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the pool of Collateral Assets held in the 
Collateral Account and pledged pursuant to a Pledge Agreement. A Collateral Pool will be either a Single Series 
Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral Pool. Each Collateral Pool will be identified in with a unique 
identification number, as set out in the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Series of Secured Securities. If 
Multiple Custodians is applicable, there will be two different Collateral Pools as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Any reference therein to Collateral Pool shall be deemed to apply to each of them unless otherwise specified. 
Collateral Settlement Failure means, in relation to a proposed adjustment to the Collateral Pool, the failure to 
settle one or more Collateral Assets by the end of the Required Settlement Period (as extended in accordance with 
the definition thereof) and one or more External Settlement Events which triggered the extension of the Required 
Settlement Period continue to exist at the end of the Required Settlement Period. 
Collateral Substitution shall apply to a Series of Secured Securities if "Collateral Substitution" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if applicable means a substitution of the Initial Collateral Assets for 
other Eligible Collateral Assets in accordance with Secured Security Condition 4.6. Where Self-Monitoring is 
applicable, such a substitution will be "continuing" until such time as the Pledgor Delivers Collateral Assets 
equivalent to the Initial Collateral Assets to the Custodian (taking into account any reduction in the Required 
Collateral Value pursuant to Secured Security Condition 4.4(e)). 
Collateral Test means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is 
applicable, a determination, on any day, as to whether the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to the Required 
Collateral Value on such day. 
Collateral Test Date means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring 
is applicable, each date specified as a "Collateral Test Date" in the applicable Final Terms and any other date 
deemed to be a Collateral Test Date in accordance with these Secured Security Conditions.  
Collateral Transaction Documents means the Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring 
Service Terms for each Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Custodian Terms for each Custodian, the Valuation 
Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, each relevant Pledge Agreement and each relevant Security 
Trust Deed. 
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro, except where otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateral Value means: 
(a) 
if "Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
aggregate nominal value of the Collateral Assets constituting Eligible Collateral Assets (after taking into 
account any Haircut applied in relation thereto, as further described below and provided that the nominal 
value of any Collateral Assets comprising cash shall be the face amount thereof); and 
(b) 
otherwise, the aggregate value as of the relevant Valuation Point, expressed in the Collateral Valuation 
Currency, of the Eligible Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool, in each case taking into account any Haircut 
applied in relation thereto, where the Valuation Agent will determine the Collateral Value on the basis of 
such valuation method or methods as the Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine in its discretion provided that the value of any Collateral Assets comprising 
cash shall be the face amount thereof.

--- Page 895 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
895 
 
In either case, where the relevant currency of denomination of a Collateral Asset is other than the Collateral 
Valuation Currency, the Valuation Agent shall convert the value of such Collateral Asset at the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate. 
Collateralisation Formula means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, an amount equal to (a) the total aggregate nominal amount of the Placed Securities in 
such Series of Secured Securities plus an amount equal to the accrued interest on such Placed Securities or (b) the 
formula or method of calculation specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Collateralisation Percentage means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, (i) the percentage level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the percentage 
level determined through the application of a formula specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) if no such 
percentage level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 100%. The applicable Final Terms may specify that the 
Collateralisation Percentage may vary during the term of the Securities, after a certain date or following the 
occurrence of a specified event. 
Collateralisation Percentage Share in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable and Multiple Custodians are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Custodian’s share 
(expressed as a percentage) of the Collateralisation Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, as adjusted 
from time to time in accordance with Secured Securities Condition 4.6. 
CTCL means Citigroup Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as security trustee or security agent (as 
applicable) in respect of Secured Securities. 
Custodian means, (a) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, CEP, Euroclear, Clearstream, BNY or such other 
entity specified as the "Custodian" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms (or any substitute or replacement 
entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant Custodian Terms and/or these Secured 
Security Conditions) and, if applicable, any sub-custodian of, or any other entity appointed by the Custodian and 
(b) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities where Multiple Custodians is applicable, any two such entities 
specified as a "Custodian" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms. 
Custodian Agreement means the amended and restated custodian agreement between, inter alia, CEP and the 
Issuers dated on or about 10 May 2024, as further amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, 
governed by the laws of Luxembourg. 
Custodian Default means the occurrence of one of the following events: (a) a failure by the Custodian to comply 
with or perform any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with the relevant 
Custodian Terms where such failure is continuing after any applicable grace period has elapsed, (b) the expiration 
or termination of the relevant Custodian Terms in circumstances where the Custodian is not replaced or the failing 
or ceasing of the relevant Custodian Terms to be in full force and effect or (c) the Custodian challenges the validity 
of, or disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, the relevant Custodian Terms (or such action 
is taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf). 
Custodian Terms means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, the detailed terms of the custodial services 
to be provided by the applicable Custodian(s), documented by the following: 
(a) 
where CEP is the Custodian, the Custodian Agreement; 
(b) 
where Euroclear is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the Euroclear T&Cs and (ii) the SPPA Terms, 
entered into between the Pledgor, the Pledgee and Euroclear, as such SPPA Terms may be updated, 
amended or replaced by agreement between the parties from time to time;  
(c) 
where Clearstream is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the "Clearstream Service Terms", (ii) the 
"Collateral Management Service Agreement for Collateral Givers" (July 2016 version) between 
Clearstream and Crédit Agricole CIB and (iii) the Collateral Management Service Agreement for 
Collateral Receiver between Clearstream and CBNA, in the case of (ii) and (iii), as may be updated, 
amended or replaced by agreement between the parties from time to time;

--- Page 896 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
896 
 
(d) 
where BNY is the Custodian, the provisions of (i) the BNY Custody Agreement and (ii) the BNY TACA, 
in each case as such agreements as may be updated, amended or replaced by agreement between the parties 
from time to time; and 
(e) 
where an entity other than CEP, Euroclear, Clearstream or BNY is the Custodian for the relevant Series 
of Secured Notes, the Series Custodian Agreement. 
Deliver means, in respect of any Collateral Asset, to deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in a 
manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Collateral Asset (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral 
Asset to the recipient free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery and Delivered 
will be construed accordingly. 
Disposal Agency Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, the Disposal Agent and the Issuers, as 
amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Disposal Agent means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, Crédit Agricole CIB or such other entity 
specified as the "Disposal Agent" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms, or any replacement appointed from 
time to time, and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity appointed by the Disposal Agent. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in relation to a Secured Security: 
(a) 
if Nominal Amount is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the aggregate nominal amount 
outstanding of the Security; or 
(b) 
if Fair Market Value Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, its Fair Market 
Value Redemption Amount determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 (Redemption Amounts), 
provided that if: 
(i) 
Order of Priority is specified as applicable in the Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Event is as a result of a default of the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(iii) 
the Hedge Amount determined under General Condition 6.8 is a positive amount, 
then in the determination of the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, the Hedge Amount shall be subject to a 
maximum amount equal to A x B where A is equal to the Liquidation Proceeds minus items (a), (b) and (c) of the 
Order of Priority (or where the applicable Series is a Series (Shared Collateral), the Series Proportion of an amount 
equal to the Liquidation Proceeds minus items (a), (b) and (c) of the Order of Priority and B is equal to 
HA/(HA+PAR) where HA is the Hedge Amount before the adjustment and PAR is the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Securities. 
Eligible Collateral Assets means, in relation to a series of Secured Securities to which Collateral Monitoring is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the assets specified as such in the applicable Final Terms that 
satisfy the Eligibility Criteria. 
Eligibility Criteria means, subject as provided below, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities to which 
Collateral Monitoring is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and with respect to a Collateral Asset 
other than cash, the eligibility criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to a Series of Secured 
Securities which must be satisfied for Collateral Assets to constitute Eligible Collateral Assets. The Eligibility 
Criteria may be, amongst others, that: 
(a) 
the obligor in respect of the relevant Collateral Asset operates in any of the Industry Sectors specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the obligor in respect of that Collateral Asset is incorporated in any of the jurisdictions specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (each, a Jurisdiction of Incorporation);

--- Page 897 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
897 
 
(c) 
the obligor in respect of the relevant Collateral Asset has, at the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
such credit ratings as are specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Relevant Rating); 
(d) 
the aggregate amount outstanding in respect of the asset comprising the Collateral Asset is an amount not 
less than any minimum amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Minimum Outstanding 
Amount) and an amount not greater than any maximum amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
Maximum Outstanding Amount); 
(e) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is denominated in a Relevant Currency; 
(f) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem (ECB Eligible); 
(g) 
the relevant Collateral Asset has such ranking(s) (Collateral Asset Ranking(s)) relevant to the debt 
obligations of the obligor in respect of the relevant Collateral Asset as are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(h) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is listed on one of the exchanges (Listed) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if "Any Exchange" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Collateral Asset is listed on any 
exchange; 
(i) 
the time remaining to maturity of the relevant Collateral Asset is, at the relevant date, not less than the 
minimum time to maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Minimum Time to Maturity) and/or 
not greater than the maximum time to maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Maximum Time 
to Maturity); 
(j) 
when taken together with the other Collateral Assets in the applicable Collateral Pool, the relevant 
Collateral Asset would not breach such concentration limit(s) as are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the Concentration Limits); and 
(k) 
the relevant Collateral Asset is of a type (UCITS Eligible) that is eligible, as of the Issue Date of the 
Securities, to be included in the assets of an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities 
(a UCITS) complying with UCITS IV (being the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions 
relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities, as transposed into French law 
in the French Code monétaire et financier). 
If any of the above Eligibility Criteria is not specified in the Final Terms, it shall be deemed not to apply. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Only Initial Collateral Assets are Eligible" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the only Collateral Assets that will be deemed to meet the Eligibility Criteria will be those that are of the 
same type as the Collateral Assets that were Delivered to the Custodian on the Issue Date. 
Enforcement means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, the taking of any step by the Security Trustee 
and/or the Pledgee to enforce the security constituted by related Security Trust Deed and/or the Pledge Agreement, 
respectively. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, in its capacity as custodian and collateral monitoring agent in relation 
to Secured Securities. 
Euroclear Terms means the Custodian Terms and the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms that apply when 
Euroclear is the applicable Custodian and Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
Euroclear T&Cs means the "Terms and Conditions Governing the Use of Euroclear" and the "Operating 
Procedures of the Euroclear System", as published on the website of Euroclear from time to time. 
External Settlement Event means, in respect of the settlement of Collateral Assets pursuant to adjustments to the 
Collateral Pool, an event beyond the control of the Pledgor or the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent 
(including, but not limited to, as a result of a failure or inability of the relevant clearing system to clear the relevant

--- Page 898 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
898 
 
Collateral Assets), as a result of which event the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool have not been settled 
by the expiration of the Required Settlement Period. 
Formula Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured 
Securities for which “Formula Collateralisation” is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount equal 
to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Formula Collateralisation Value and (c) the number 
of Placed Securities in such Series of Secured Securities. 
Formula Collateralisation Value means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable and in relation to which "Formula Collateralisation" is applicable, the amount determined 
by the Valuation Agent through the application of the Collateralisation Formula to each relevant Placed Security of 
such Series of Secured Securities as of the Valuation Point. 
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Series of Secured Securities 
for which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, and in respect of a type of Collateral Asset, (a) the percentage rate 
by which the value of such type of Collateral Asset contained in a Collateral Pool is discounted, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (b) where "ECB Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
percentage rate by which the value of such type of Collateral Asset would be discounted by the European Central 
Bank if it were to be used as collateral in Eurosystem market operations, or (c) where "LCH Rate" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage rate by which value of such type of Collateral Asset would 
be discounted by LCH Ltd if used in connection with securities posted as initial margin cover for business cleared, 
as specified in the Margin Collateral Haircut Schedule published LCH Ltd from time to time. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the applicable Final Terms may specify one Haircut rate per type or class of Collateral Asset. 
Industry Sector means, in respect of an entity, any of the following industries in which that entity operates, or as 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms: Aerospace and Defence; automobile; banking; beverage, food and tobacco; 
buildings and real estate; chemicals, plastics and rubber; containers, packaging and glass; personal and non-durable 
consumer products (manufacturing only); diversified/conglomerate manufacturing; diversified/conglomerate 
service; diversified natural resources, precious metals; ecological; electronics; finance; farming and agriculture; 
grocery; healthcare, education and childcare; home and office furnishings, housewares and durable consumer 
products; hotels, motels, inns and gaming; insurance; leisure, amusement, entertainment; machinery (non-
agriculture, non-construction, non-electronic); mining, steel, iron and non-precious metals; oil and gas; personal, 
food and miscellaneous; printing and publishing; cargo transport; retail stores; telecommunications; textiles and 
leather; personal transportation; utilities; broadcasting and entertainment; sovereign and supranational. 
Initial Collateral Assets means, if "Self-Monitoring" or "Initial Collateral Assets", in each case, is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities,, the Collateral Assets identified as the 
"Initial Collateral Assets" in the applicable Final Terms, being the Collateral Assets that are expected be held as 
collateral for such Series from (or shortly after) the Issue Date and to be held as collateral for the term of such 
Series, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with Secured Security Condition 4.4(e) and, in the 
case of Securities for which "Self-Monitoring" and "Collateral Substitution" are applicable, substitution pursuant 
to Secured Security Condition 4.6(b). Where the Initial Collateral Assets are subject to redemption prior to their 
scheduled maturity, then subject to any other conditions that may be applicable to the Securities, other securities 
may be designated as "Initial Collateral Assets" by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders (with respect 
to Securities other than French Law Securities) or in accordance with Condition 15.2 (with respect to French Law 
Securities). 
Initial Collateral Market Value means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, the amount determined by the Valuation Agent as the market value applicable to the 
Initial Collateral Assets as of the Valuation Point calculated on the basis of such valuation method as the Valuation 
Agent may, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with the terms of the 
Valuation Agency Agreement, determine in its discretion. 
Liability means, for the purposes of these Secured Security Conditions, any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, 
demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in 
respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged 
or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis (and Liabilities shall be 
construed accordingly).

--- Page 899 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
899 
 
Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured 
Securities for which "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Security Market 
Value of the relevant Series of Secured Securities and (3) the number of Placed Securities in such Series 
of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the total aggregate nominal 
amount of the Placed Securities of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
Maximum Extension Period means 60 Business Days unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured 
Securities for which "Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount 
equal to the lesser of: 
(a) 
an amount equal to the product of (i) the Collateralisation Percentage, (ii) the Secured Security Market 
Value of the relevant Series of Secured Securities and (iii) the number of Placed Securities in such Series 
of Secured Securities; and 
(b) 
the product of (i) the Collateralisation Percentage and (ii) the total aggregate nominal amount of the Placed 
Securities of the relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
Minimum Transfer Amount means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or as otherwise 
determined pursuant to the Custodian Terms. If no Custodian Terms are applicable and no such amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Transfer Amount shall be 250,000 units of the relevant currency. 
MV Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured Securities 
for which "MV Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount equal to the product 
of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Secured Security Market Value of the Secured Securities for the 
relevant Series of Secured Securities and (c) the number of Placed Securities in such Series of Secured Securities. 
MV (Initial Collateral) Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series 
of Secured Securities for which "MV (Initial Collateral) Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation, being an amount equal to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Initial 
Collateral Market Value and (c) the number of Placed Securities in such Series of Secured Securities. 
MV (Reference Security) Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series 
of Secured Securities for which "MV (Reference Security) Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation, being an amount equal to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Reference 
Security Market Value and (c) the number of Placed Securities in such Series of Secured Securities.  
Multiple Custodians means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that two Custodians are 
appointed with respect to a Series of Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, "Multiple Custodians" may be specified 
as applicable in relation to a Series of Secured Securities for which Self-Monitoring is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Non-Placed Security and Non-Placed Securities shall each have the meaning given to it in Secured Security 
Condition 4.7. 
NV Collateralisation Amount means the amount of collateral required in respect of a Series of Secured Securities 
for which "NV Collateralisation" is the applicable Type of Collateralisation, being an amount equal to the product 
of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage and (b) the total aggregate nominal amount of the Placed Securities of the 
relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
Order of Priority means, in relation to a Series of Securities, the order specified in the applicable Final Terms by 
which the Security Trustee shall apply the Collateral Assets (or the proceeds thereof) and any other amounts in 
respect of the Collateral Assets (or the proceeds thereof) or the Charged Documents received (the "Liquidation 
Proceeds") following Enforcement in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6 (Acceleration, Enforcement

--- Page 900 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
900 
 
and Realisation). The Order of Priority may be the Standard Order of Priority (as defined below) or any alternative 
order of item (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) below, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable to the Security Trustee or, where 
applicable, the Disposal Agent (which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising 
any security (including the distribution of enforcement proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets on Enforcement is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the holder 
of the related Placed Securities) and the remuneration of the Security Trustee or any appointee of the 
Security Trustee or, where applicable, the Disposal Agent), in each case to the extent it relates to the 
applicable Series of Secured Securities and any other Series of Secured Securities which are secured by 
the same Collateral Pool; 
(b) 
in payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Custodian by the Issuer, in each case to the 
extent it relates to the applicable Series of Secured Securities and any other Series of Secured Securities 
which are secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(c) 
payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent by 
the Issuer, in each case to the extent it relates to the applicable Series of Secured Securities and any other 
Series of Secured Securities which are secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(d) 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, in payment of the Amount Owed in respect of each Placed Security of 
any Series which is secured by the same Collateral Pool; 
(e) 
pro rata in payment of any amounts owed to the creditors (if any) whose claims have arisen as a result of 
the creation, operation or liquidation of the Collateral Assets (save to the extent that the claims of any such 
creditor fall within paragraphs (a) to (d) above); 
(f) 
where "Third Party Security" is applicable, payment to the Third Party Chargor of an amount equal to the 
value of the Collateral Assets that were Delivered to the Custodian by the Third Party Chargor in 
accordance with the Pledge Agreement; and 
(g) 
payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer, 
where the Standard Order of Priority means that the Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), 
(f) and (g) specified above. 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer, the 
Collateral Manager or the Security Trustee as a result of which the Relevant Clearing System (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms) cannot Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets Entitlement required to be Delivered 
pursuant to the terms of these Secured Security Conditions. 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that upon Enforcement, the Security Trustee will not sell, or cause to be sold, the Collateral Assets (unless 
there is a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than in order to pay any amounts 
payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order of 
Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms) but will instead Deliver or cause to be Delivered the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement (after, for the avoidance of doubt, payment has been made of all amounts due in respect of such 
Securities to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order 
of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms) to each holder of the Placed Securities in the manner set out in 
Secured Security Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement). 
Placed Security and Placed Securities shall each have the meaning given to it in Secured Security 
Condition 4.7(b). 
Pledge Agreement means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, a pledge agreement between, inter alia, the 
Pledgor and the Security Trustee, creating security over Collateral Assets contained in one or more Collateral 
Accounts in favour of the Pledgee and, if any Collateral Assets are secured by way of a different security interest, 
any Additional Security Document. When the Pledge Agreement relates to a Series (Shared Collateral), the Pledge 
Agreement may be supplemented from time to time where necessary to extend the benefit of the Pledge Agreement

--- Page 901 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
901 
 
to other Series or Tranches of Secured Securities that are secured by the same Collateral Pool. If more than one 
Pledge Agreement is applicable to a Series of Secured Securities, any reference herein to “Pledge Agreement” shall 
be deemed to apply to each of them unless otherwise specified. 
Pledgee means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the Security Trustee for such Series. 
Pledgor means, in respect of a Series of Secures Securities, the relevant Issuer and, where Third Party Security is 
applicable for such Series, the relevant Third Party Chargor. 
Pre-Enforcement Payment Period means the period of 14 Business Days (or such other number of Business Days 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) from and including the date on which a Secured Security 
Acceleration Event occurs. 
Reference Security means the securities identified as the "Reference Security" in the applicable Final Terms, as 
may be amended from time to time pursuant to an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders (with respect to 
Securities other than French Law Securities) or in accordance with Condition 15.2 (with respect to French Law 
Securities). If the Reference Security is redeemed or, in the determination of the Valuation Agent, can no longer be 
used as a reference prior to the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Secured Securities, such securities that the 
Valuation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with the terms of 
the Valuation Agency Agreement, determines in its discretion to be equivalent to the "Reference Security" for the 
relevant Series of Secured Securities. 
Reference Security Market Value means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, the amount determined pursuant to the Custodian Terms, or otherwise as determined by 
the Valuation Agent as the market value applicable to the Reference Security as of the Valuation Point calculated 
on the basis of such valuation method as the Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner and in accordance with the terms of the Valuation Agency Agreement, determine in its 
discretion.  
Relevant Currency means any one of the currencies specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means the rate displayed on the Collateral Currency Screen Page at the Collateral 
Currency Specified Time or, if no such Collateral Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or such Collateral Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant spot rate shall be the rate determined by the 
Valuation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, at such time as the Valuation Agent may, 
in its discretion, select. 
Required Collateral Default means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable: 
(a) 
where Self-Monitoring is applicable, the Pledgor fails to transfer the additional necessary Collateral Assets 
within the Required Settlement Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for 
the Applicable Grace Period following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining 
whether the Collateral Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been 
transferred to the relevant Collateral Account shall be taken into account); 
(b) 
where Euroclear is the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, following a notification by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent that, on any day, there is a shortfall in the Collateral Value when measured against the 
Required Collateral Value on such day, the Pledgor fails to transfer (if AutoSelect Processing is not in 
effect) or make available (if AutoSelect Processing is in effect) the additional necessary Collateral Assets 
within the Required Settlement Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for 
the Applicable Grace Period following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining 
whether the Collateral Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been 
transferred to the relevant Collateral Account shall be taken into account); or 
(c) 
where Euroclear is not the applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent, following a notification by the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent that, on any day, there is a shortfall in the Collateral Value when measured 
against the Required Collateral Value on such day, the Pledgor fails to transfer the additional necessary 
Collateral Assets within the Required Settlement Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not

--- Page 902 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
902 
 
being satisfied for the Applicable Grace Period following the end of such Required Settlement Period 
(when determining whether the Collateral Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have 
actually been transferred to the relevant Collateral Account shall be taken into account). 
Required Collateral Default Notice means, (a) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable, a notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent to, inter alia, the Pledgor, the 
Custodian (if not the same entity) and the Security Trustee, specifying that a Required Collateral Default has 
occurred, or (b) in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Self-Monitoring is applicable, a 
notice from the Collateral Manager to, inter alia, the Pledgor, the Custodian (if not the same entity) and the Security 
Trustee, specifying that a Required Collateral Default has occurred. Where the Collateral Monitoring Agent is 
Euroclear or Clearstream, the notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall not constitute a Required Collateral 
Default Notice until the Maximum Extension Period, if relevant, and the Applicable Grace Period have expired. 
Required Collateral Value means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable: 
(i) 
where "Single Series Collateral Pool" is applicable: 
(A) 
if "MV Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of Collateralisation in the 
applicable Final Terms, the MV Collateralisation Amount; 
(B) 
if "NV Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of Collateralisation in the 
applicable Final Terms, the NV Collateralisation Amount; 
(C) 
if "Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation 
Amount; and 
(D) 
if "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation 
Amount;  
(E) 
if "MV (Initial Collateral) Collateralisation" is specified in the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the MV (Initial Collateral) 
Collateralisation Amount; 
(F) 
if "MV (Reference Security) Collateralisation" is specified in the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the MV (Reference Security) 
Collateralisation Amount; and  
(G) 
if "Formula Collateralisation" is specified in the applicable Type of Collateralisation in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Formula Collateralisation Amount;  
or 
(ii) 
where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is applicable, the sum of the amount calculated for each 
Series of Secured Securities that shares the Collateral Pool, equal to: 
(A) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "MV 
Collateralisation", the MV Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such Series; 
(B) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "NV 
Collateralisation", the NV Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such Series; 
(C) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "Min(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation", the Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such 
Series;

--- Page 903 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
903 
 
(D) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "Max(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation", the Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such 
Series;  
(E) 
if "MV (Initial Collateral) Collateralisation" is specified in the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the MV (Initial Collateral) 
Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such Series; 
(F) 
if "MV (Reference Security) Collateralisation" is specified in the applicable Type of 
Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the MV (Reference Security) 
Collateralisation Amount calculated for each such Series; and  
(G) 
if a "Formula Collateralisation" is specified in the applicable Type of Collateralisation 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Formula Collateralisation Amount calculated for each 
such Series; or 
(b) 
in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is not applicable, 
the relevant value of the Initial Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with Secured Security Condition 4.4(e). 
Required Settlement Period means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, the customary required period for settlement of the Collateral Assets relating to the 
adjustments to be made to a Collateral Pool. The Required Settlement Period may, at the option of the Pledgor, be 
extended up to the Maximum Extension Period where an External Settlement Event has occurred and is continuing. 
During such Maximum Extension period, the Pledgor may propose the replacement of the affected Collateral Assets 
by other Collateral Assets complying with the Eligibility Criteria, or propose any other relevant measures so that 
the Collateral Test will be satisfied. 
Secured Obligations has the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 3.1. 
Secured Parties means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the parties referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to 
(e) (inclusive) of the definition of Order of Priority (each, a Secured Party) unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Holders of Non-Placed Securities shall not be a Secured Party in respect of such Non-
Placed Securities. 
Secured Security Acceleration Event means that a holder of a Placed Security has delivered a valid Secured 
Security Acceleration Notice. 
Secured Security Acceleration Notice means a notice delivered by a holder of any Placed Security in respect of 
which a Secured Security Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying that the Securities of such 
Series held by it are immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (or, where Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that such Secured 
Securities will be subject to settlement in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.8), and includes, in respect 
of a Secured Security Event of Default under limb (a) of the definition, a written notice delivered by a 
Securityholder to the relevant Issuer in accordance with General Condition 10. Any Secured Security Acceleration 
Notice shall be in writing and delivered to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent (and, if 
applicable, the other Paying Agents) and the Security Trustee and shall include such details as are necessary to 
establish and verify the Secured Securities held by the Securityholder delivering such notice.  
Where such Series is a Series (Shared Collateral), the Secured Security Acceleration Notice shall be deemed 
automatically served in respect of the Securities of each other Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured on the same 
Collateral Pool. 
Secured Security Event of Default means, in relation to a Secured Security, the occurrence of any one or more of 
the following events: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred in accordance with any of General Conditions 10(a) to 10(d);

--- Page 904 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
904 
 
(b) 
an Event of Default has occurred in respect of a different Series of Secured Securities that is secured on 
the same Collateral Pool as the relevant Secured Security; 
(c) 
delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice by the Collateral Monitoring Agent or, where Self-
Monitoring is applicable, the Collateral Manager; or 
(d) 
a failure by the Issuer or any Third Party Chargor to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation 
to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with any Security Trust Deed or Pledge Agreement 
if such failure is continuing after any applicable grace period has elapsed, the expiration or termination of 
such Security Trust Deed or Pledge Agreement or the failing or ceasing of such Security Trust Deed or 
Pledge Agreement, or any security granted by the Issuer or any Third Party Chargor, to be in full force 
and effect prior to the satisfaction of all the obligations of such party under these Secured Security 
Conditions or the Issuer or any Third Party Chargor disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole 
or in part, or challenges the validity of, such Security Trust Deed or Pledge Agreement (or such action is 
taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Multiple Custodians is applicable, the delivery of a Required Collateral Default 
Notice by any of the Collateral Monitoring Agents or, where Self-Monitoring is applicable, the Collateral Manager, 
constitute a Secured Security Event of Default with respect to the Secured Security. 
Secured Security Market Value means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable and in relation to which "MV Collateralisation", "Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation" or 
"Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation" is applicable, the amount determined by the Valuation Agent as the market value 
applicable to each relevant Placed Security of such Series of Secured Securities as of the Valuation Point and shall 
be calculated on the basis of such valuation method as the Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with the terms of the Valuation Agency Agreement, determine 
in its discretion. 
Security Agency Agreement means a security agency agreement governed by French law and entered into by the 
applicable Security Agent and the Issuer on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of 
Secured Securities. 
Security Agent means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities which are French Law Securities, CTCL, CBNA 
or such other entity specified as the "Security Agent" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms (or any substitute 
or replacement entity appointed in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant Security Agency Agreement 
and/or these Secured Security Conditions). 
Security Trust Deed means a security trust deed governed by English law and entered into by the Security Trustee 
and the Issuer on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Secured Securities. 
Security Trustee means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, CTCL or such other entity specified as the 
"Security Trustee" for such Series in the applicable Final Terms (or any substitute or replacement entity appointed 
in respect thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant Security Trust Deed and/or these Secured Security 
Conditions). 
Self-Monitoring means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities for which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, 
and if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms for such Series, (a) unless Multiple Custodians is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the obligations of the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall 
be undertaken by the Collateral Manager otherwise, (b) if Multiple Custodians is applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the obligations of the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall be undertaken by the Collateral Manager for 
the benefit of the Custodian(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where Self-Monitoring is applicable 
Collateral Substitution shall be specified as applicable or not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Series (Shared Collateral) has the definition given in Secured Security Condition 4.2(b). 
Series (Solo Collateral) has the definition given in Secured Security Condition 4.2(a).

--- Page 905 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
905 
 
Series Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities for which 
Series Collateral Monitoring Agent is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant agreement 
or agreements specified as the "Series Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Series Collateral Monitoring Agent means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities for which Series Collateral 
Monitoring Agent is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the entity specified as the "Series 
Collateral Monitoring Agent" in the applicable Final Terms and, if applicable, any other entity appointed by the 
Series Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
Series Custodian Agreement means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities for which "Series Custodian" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the relevant agreement or agreements specified as the "Series 
Custodian Agreement" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Series Proportion means, in respect of a Series of Secured Securities for which "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" 
is applicable, a fraction equal to (a) the applicable collateralisation amount calculated for such Series of Secured 
Securities, divided by (b) the aggregate of the applicable collateralisation amount calculated for each Series of 
Secured Securities that is secured by the same Collateral Pool, for which calculations the Collateralisation 
Percentage will be 100% and the applicable collateralisation amount to be calculated as described above will be: 
(a) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "MV Collateralisation", the MV 
Collateralisation Amount; 
(b) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "NV Collateralisation", the NV 
Collateralisation Amount; 
(c) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation", 
the Min(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount;  
(d) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation", 
the Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation Amount; 
(e) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "MV (Initial Collateral) 
Collateralisation", the MV (Initial Collateral) Collateralisation Amount; 
(f) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is "MV (Reference Security) 
Collateralisation", the MV (Reference Security) Collateralisation Amount; and  
(g) 
where the applicable Type of Collateralisation for the Collateral Pool is a "Formula Collateralisation", the 
Formula Collateralisation Amount. 
SPPA Terms means the "Single Pledgor Pledged Account (Pledgee's Representative version) Terms and 
Conditions (as amended by the "Amendment Agreement to Collateral Service Agreement and Single Pledgor 
Pledge Account Terms and Conditions - EB account two way distribution – Pledgee Representative"), governing a 
pledged custody account held with Euroclear. 
Third Party Bidder means any party identified as such in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of Secured 
Security Condition 6.6. 
Third Party Chargor has the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 4.9. 
Third Party Security has the meaning given to it in Secured Security Condition 4.9. 
Type of Collateralisation means, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral 
Monitoring is applicable, one of the following: "MV Collateralisation", "NV Collateralisation", "Min(MV, NV) 
Collateralisation", "Max(MV, NV) Collateralisation", "MV (Initial Collateral) Collateralisation", "MV (Reference 
Security) Collateralisation" or "Formula Collateralisation" as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets means Collateral Assets which either the Security Trustee or any agent acting on 
its behalf, as the case may be, is unable to Deliver in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.9 due to the 
occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event.

--- Page 906 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
906 
 
Valuation Agency Agreement means the agreement between, inter alia, the Valuation Agent and the Issuer as 
such agreement is amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time or, if the Valuation Agent has delegated 
the valuation services in respect of some or all relevant valuations, such other valuation terms contained in any 
other Collateral Transaction Document. 
Valuation Agent means Crédit Agricole CIB (or any substitute or replacement entity appointed in respect thereof 
pursuant to the terms of the Valuation Agency Agreement and/or these Secured Security Conditions) and, if 
applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity to whom Crédit Agricole CIB has delegated valuation services. 
Where Multiple Custodians is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Custodian will be the Valuation Agent 
with respect to any determination or calculation to be made with respect to any Collateral Assets held by it, provided 
that, when Self-Monitoring is applicable with respect to a Custodian, the Valuation Agent with respect to Collateral 
Assets held by such Custodian shall be Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Valuation Point means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Business Day 
immediately preceding the Issue Date or the relevant Collateral Test Date, as the case may be, or, if a valuation of 
the relevant Collateral Asset, Initial Collateral Asset or Secured Security, as applicable, is not available on such 
date, the date of the last available valuation of such Collateral Asset or Secured Security. 
3. 
GENERAL 
3.1 
Security Trustee and Security Agent  
(a) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities other than French Law Securities, the applicable Security 
Trustee shall undertake the duties of a security trustee in respect of the Secured Securities as set out below 
and in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Pledge Agreement and in the relevant Security Trust Deed 
(including any substitute or replacement entity appointed, as referred to in the definition of Security 
Trustee). 
(b) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities, the Security Trustee will enter into a Security Trust Deed. 
Under the terms of the Security Trust Deed: 
(i) 
the Issuer will covenant that it will duly and punctually pay or discharge its obligations in respect 
of the Series of Secured Securities to which the Security Trust Deed relates and under the 
Collateral Transaction Documents (the Secured Obligations) and that it will punctually pay to 
the Security Trustee amounts equal to and in the same currency as any Secured Obligations as 
and when they fall due for payment, so that the Security Trustee will be the obligee of such 
covenant and may claim performance of such covenant in its own name and not only as agent, 
representative or trustee acting on behalf of the Secured Parties; and 
(ii) 
the Security Trustee will hold the rights granted to it under the Security Trust Deed and the 
relevant Pledge Agreement on trust for itself, the Securityholders and the other relevant Secured 
Parties. 
(c) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities which are French Law Securities, the applicable Security 
Agent shall undertake the duties of a security agent in respect of the Secured Securities as set out below 
and in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Pledge Agreement and in the relevant Security Agency 
Agreement (including any substitute or replacement entity appointed, as referred to in the definition of 
Security Agent). 
(d) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities that are French Law Securities, the Security Agent will 
enter into a Security Agency Agreement. Under the terms of the Security Agency Agreement: 
(i) 
the Security Agent will be appointed as security agent, pursuant to articles 2488-6 to 2488-12 of 
the French Code civil or articles 1984 et seq. of the French Code civil (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), by the Securityholders, in order to create, manage and enforce the 
security created pursuant to the relevant Pledge Agreement;

--- Page 907 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
907 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer will covenant that it will duly and punctually pay or discharge its obligations in respect 
of the Series of Secured Securities to which the Security Agency Agreement relates and under 
the Collateral Transaction Documents (the Secured Obligations) and that it will punctually pay 
to the Security Agent amounts equal to and in the same currency as any Secured Obligations as 
and when they fall due for payment, so that the Security Agent will be the obligee of such 
covenant and may claim performance of such covenant in its own name and for, or (as applicable) 
as agent or representative acting on behalf of the Secured Parties; and 
(iii) 
the applicable Security Agent will hold the rights granted to it under the Security Agency 
Agreement and the relevant Pledge Agreement for itself and for or on behalf of the 
Securityholders and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
(e) 
In relation to each Series of Securities that are French Law Securities, any reference in these Secured 
Security Conditions: 
(i) 
to the Security Trustee will be deemed to be replaced by a reference to the Security Agent acting 
for itself and for, or on behalf of, (where applicable) the Securityholders and the other relevant 
Secured Parties (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
to the Security Trust Deed will be deemed to be a reference to the Security Agency Agreement 
(except in respect of Secured Security Condition 10(a) (Governing Law and Submission to 
Jurisdiction)). 
3.2 
Collateral Manager 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities where Collateral Monitoring applies, Credit Agricole CIB will 
render collateral management services to the Issuer with respect to the selection, acquisition, and modification of, 
and adjustments to, the composition of the Collateral Assets, some of which services may be delegated to the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
3.3 
Collateral Monitoring Agent 
(a) 
For each Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Self-
Monitoring is not applicable, the role of the Collateral Monitoring Agent is to monitor whether the 
Collateral Test is satisfied and send any relevant notices. Where the Collateral Monitoring Agent for a 
Series of Secured Securities is Euroclear, Clearstream, or BNY, the Collateral Value of the Collateral 
Assets shall, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, be determined by the applicable 
Collateral Monitoring Agent pursuant to the relevant Collateral Monitoring Service Terms and the 
Valuation Agent shall have no obligation to determine the relevant values.  
(b) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities where Multiple Custodians is applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may appoint two Collateral Monitoring Agents and, in such case, will allocate a 
Collateral Monitoring Agent for each Custodian for such Series in the applicable Final Terms, unless Self-
Monitoring is applicable with respect to a Custodian, in which case paragraph (c) below shall apply with 
respect to such Custodian. In relation to each Series of Secured Securities where two Collateral Monitoring 
Agents have been appointed, any reference in these Secured Security Conditions to “Collateral Monitoring 
Agent” in the singular will be deemed to be a reference to the plural, unless otherwise specified. 
(c) 
Where Self-Monitoring is applicable, the Collateral Manager shall monitor whether the Collateral Test is 
satisfied in respect of a Collateral Substitution that is continuing and send any relevant notices. 
3.4 
Custodian 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities, the Custodian will provide the pledged account for holding the 
Collateral Assets in relation to such Series of Secured Securities, as set out in these Secured Security Conditions, 
in the applicable Final Terms and in the relevant Custodian Terms.

--- Page 908 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
908 
 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities where Multiple Custodians is applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer may appoint no more than two (2) Custodians in respect of a Series of Secured Securities and 
each applicable Custodian for such Series will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In relation to each Series 
of Secured Securities where two Custodians have been appointed, any reference in these Secured Security 
Conditions to “Custodian” in the singular will be deemed to be a reference to the plural, unless otherwise specified. 
3.5 
Valuation Agent 
(a) 
Crédit Agricole CIB (or such other Valuation Agent for a Series of Secured Securities as specified in the 
Final Terms) will undertake the duties of Valuation Agent as set out in these Secured Conditions, the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Agency Agreement, in respect of each Series of Secured 
Securities for which CEP is the Custodian.  
(b) 
The Valuation Agent will also undertake such duties where “Alternative Valuation” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Valuation Agent is specified as being the specified delegate or source for 
valuing some or all of the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Account. 
(c) 
The Valuation Agent may delegate the duties of determining all or some relevant valuations to the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent or a third entity, if so specified in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Securities where Multiple Custodians is applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Custodian may also be appointed as Valuation Agent with respect to the Collateral 
Assets held with it. In relation to each such Series of Secured Securities, any reference in these Secured 
Security Conditions to “Valuation Agent” in the singular will be deemed to be a reference to the plural, 
unless otherwise specified. 
3.6 
Disposal Agent 
The Disposal Agent shall undertake the duties of Disposal Agent and, under the Disposal Agency Agreement, the 
Disposal Agent may dispose of all or some of the Collateral Assets on behalf of (but only when instructed to do so 
by) the Security Trustee in accordance with the Security Trust Deed. 
3.7 
Termination and Replacement 
(a) 
Other than the Clearstream Terms and the Euroclear Terms, each of the Collateral Transaction Documents 
contain, or will contain, provisions for the termination of such agreements and, as the case may be, the 
removal or replacement of the role of the relevant Collateral Arrangement Party appointed thereunder. 
Any such termination, removal and/or replacement will be effected in accordance with the provisions of 
such agreements and these Secured Security Conditions and may be effected without the consent of 
Securityholders. No such termination or removal shall be effective until a replacement entity has been 
validly appointed. The Issuer shall be required to give notice to Securityholders of any such termination, 
removal and/or replacement in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
The Clearstream Terms and Euroclear Terms each contain provisions for the termination of the agreement 
documented thereunder. Any such termination will be effected in accordance with their respective 
provisions and these Secured Security Conditions, and may be effected without the consent of 
Securityholders. If so terminated, the Collateral Manager will first use its reasonable endeavours to find a 
replacement entity which is prepared to act on terms substantively similar to the existing arrangement with 
Clearstream or Euroclear, as applicable, or, if it is unable to do so by the end of the relevant notice period 
for termination, the Pledgor will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appoint a 
replacement entity as Collateral Monitoring Agent at its discretion. The Issuer shall be required to give 
notice to Securityholders of any such termination and replacement in accordance with General Condition 
14 (Notices). 
(c) 
In respect of the Disposal Agent for a Series of Secured Securities, the Securityholders of such Series of 
Secured Securities may at any time decide, through a unanimous decision, to terminate the appointment 
of such Disposal Agent and to appoint (or instruct the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case 
may be, to appoint) a replacement Disposal Agent for the relevant Series of Secured Securities, by giving

--- Page 909 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
909 
 
not less than 5 Business Days written notice of their intention to do so to the Disposal Agent, to the relevant 
Issuer and, as the case may be, to the Pledgor. 
(d) 
Any reference to a Collateral Arrangement Party in these Secured Security Conditions shall be deemed to 
include a reference to any entity appointed as a replacement thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant 
agreement, a replacement agreement on equivalent terms and/or these Secured Security Conditions. 
(e) 
A replacement Collateral Arrangement Party may only be appointed when certain conditions are fulfilled. 
Such conditions may include, but are not limited to, a requirement that the replacement Collateral 
Arrangement Party: (i) is an institution incorporated and in good standing in (A) the United States of 
America, (B) in a state which is (as at the date the replacement Collateral Arrangement Party would adhere 
to the relevant Collateral Transaction Document) a member state of the European Union or (C) the United 
Kingdom; (ii) has the requisite resources and legal capacity to perform the duties imposed upon the 
relevant existing Collateral Arrangement Party under the relevant Collateral Transaction Document (and 
which will be imposed on the replacement Collateral Arrangement Party under such document or a 
replacement agreement on equivalent terms) and is a recognised provider of the services provided by such 
Collateral Arrangement Party; (iii) is legally qualified and has the capacity to act as successor to the 
relevant Collateral Arrangement Party on the terms of the relevant Collateral Transaction Document or a 
replacement agreement on equivalent terms; and (iv) whose performance of its duties under the relevant 
Collateral Transaction Document or a replacement agreement on equivalent terms will not cause the 
Issuers to become subject to tax in any jurisdiction where such successor is incorporated, established, 
doing business, has a permanent establishment or is otherwise considered tax resident. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any term of the applicable Collateral Monitoring Service Terms or Custodian Terms, (i) 
upon any termination of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms or Custodian Terms in circumstances 
that would not constitute a Secured Security Event of Default, the Collateral Assets should be returned to 
the Pledgor, and to the extent these are not, the Pledgee shall take all necessary steps to return the Collateral 
Assets to the Pledgor, and (ii) upon any termination of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms or 
Custodian Terms in circumstances that would constitute a Secured Security Event of Default, the 
Collateral Assets should be transferred to the Pledgee, and to the extent these are not, the Pledgor shall 
take all necessary steps to transfer the Collateral Assets to the Pledgee. 
3.8 
Notices 
Where any provision of these Secured Security Conditions requires a Collateral Arrangement Party to deliver a 
notice to another party, such notice may be delivered in any form required by the applicable Collateral Transaction 
Documents or otherwise agreed between such parties, including but not limited to, by post, electronic message, 
email, fax, exchange of electronic files, SWIFT messages, messages through the relevant clearing system or by 
telephone (provided that any notice given by telephone must, as soon as reasonably practicable, be confirmed in 
writing between the parties to such telephone conversation). 
4. 
SECURITY 
4.1 
Security 
(a) 
Save where Third Party Security is applicable in accordance with Secured Security Condition 4.9 (Third 
Party Chargor), the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Secured Securities will be secured by: 
(i) 
a Pledge Agreement (including where applicable, any Additional Security Documents), pursuant 
to which the Issuer will grant a first ranking security interest over all of its rights in and to the 
Collateral Assets transferred to the Custodian and held from time to time in the Collateral 
Accounts, together with all the Issuer’s claims against the Custodian and receivables, claims, 
right, title, interest and benefit in, under and to the relevant Custodian Terms; and 
(ii) 
a Security Trust Deed, pursuant to which the Issuer will grant a first ranking security interest over 
its right, benefit, interest and title, present and future, in, under and to the Charged Documents 
(to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of Secured Securities and save for any such rights 
secured pursuant to the Pledge Agreement),

--- Page 910 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
910 
 
in favour of the Pledgee and the Security Trustee, respectively, to hold on trust or as agent for itself and 
the relevant Securityholders and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
(b) 
No security will be created over any other assets of the Issuer or Pledgor, or any other assets in the 
Collateral Account, which will remain the property of the relevant Issuer or Pledgor, as the case may be, 
who shall be entitled to sell, dispose of, transfer or otherwise deal with such assets at any time. 
(c) 
Where the Custodian for a Series of Secured Securities is Euroclear, Clearstream or BNY, in the event 
that the Pledgee is subject to an insolvency or insolvency-like event that triggers a default for the purpose 
of the Custodian, the Security granted to the Pledgee pursuant to the Pledge Agreement will be released 
and the Collateral Assets returned to the Pledgor in accordance with the relevant Custodian Terms. 
Accordingly, there will be no assets pledged by way of security in favour of the Securityholders from such 
time until the time as a substitute Security Trustee is appointed to replace the defaulted Pledgee in 
accordance with the relevant Custodian Terms. 
4.2 
Collateral Pools 
(a) 
Single Series Collateral Pool 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Securities specifies that the Collateral 
Pool Type is “Single Series Collateral Pool” (such Series, a Series (Solo Collateral)), such Series will be 
secured by a separate Collateral Pool comprising Collateral Assets in a segregated Collateral Account. 
(b) 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Securities specify that the Collateral 
Pool Type is “Multiple Series Collateral Pool” (such Series, a Series (Shared Collateral)), such Series 
may be secured by a Collateral Pool which secures one or more other Series of Secured Securities. In this 
case, following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral 
Assets held in the Collateral Pool or, where “Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement” is 
specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, the delivery of the Collateral Assets held in the 
Collateral Pool, in each case, would be distributed among all the holders of the Series of Secured Securities 
that are secured against such Collateral Pool. 
(c) 
Each Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured by a given Collateral Pool will (i) be subject to the same 
governing law, (ii) universally apply or disapply “Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement” 
(as described below), (iii) have the same Eligible Collateral Assets, (iv) be subject to the same Haircut 
value(s) for each type or class of Eligible Collateral Assets, (v) have the same Collateral Test Dates and 
(vi) have the same Type of Collateralisation, in each case, as each other Series (Shared Collateral) sharing 
that same Collateral Pool. 
(d) 
Securityholders acquiring and holding Secured Securities in relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool 
will be deemed to acknowledge, accept and agree to the rights of existing and future Securityholders of 
different Series of Secured Securities to share equally in the security created over the Collateral Assets in 
such Collateral Pool. Securityholders will not be notified of the issue of any future Series of Secured 
Securities that will benefit from the same Multiple Series Collateral Pool, nor have any consent rights in 
relation to the issue of such future Series of Secured Securities. 
4.3 
Initial Collateral Assets 
On the Issue Date in respect of a Series of Secured Securities, the Pledgor will Deliver (either directly or through 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent’s collateral management service if applicable): 
(a) 
in the case of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable , Collateral Assets 
to the relevant Collateral Account such that the Collateral Test is satisfied on such Issue Date; and 
(b) 
in the case of Secured Securities in respect of which either (i) Self-Monitoring is applicable or 
(ii) Collateral Monitoring is not applicable, the Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 911 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
911 
 
4.4 
Collateral Monitoring and Adjustments to Collateral Assets 
(a) 
The following provisions of this Secured Security Condition 4.4(a) apply only to Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, Self-Monitoring is applicable and 
Collateral Substitution is applicable, provided that if MV(Initial Collateral) Collateralisation is specified 
as the Required Collateral Value in the applicable Final Terms, then the following provisions will only 
apply when a Collateral Substitution is continuing: 
(A) 
The Valuation Agent will determine the Collateral Value and the aggregate Secured 
Security Market Value (if relevant) (the VA Valuations) on each Collateral Test Date 
and will inform the Pledgor and the Collateral Manager. 
(B) 
The Collateral Manager will determine the Required Collateral Value (together with the 
VA Valuations, the Relevant Valuations) on each Collateral Test Date and will inform 
the Pledgor and the Valuation Agent. 
(C) 
On each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Manager shall verify that the Collateral Test 
is satisfied on the basis of the Relevant Valuations and the Minimum Transfer Amount. 
The Relevant Valuations determined by the Valuation Agent shall be binding on the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent for the purposes of the Collateral Manager's determination 
whether the Collateral Test is satisfied. 
(D) 
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied, Collateral Assets for which 
instructions for the transfer to the relevant Collateral Account have been provided on or 
before such Collateral Test Date will be included for the purposes of such determination 
and Collateral Assets for which instructions for the removal from the relevant Collateral 
Account have been provided on or before such Collateral Test Date will be excluded for 
the purposes of such determination. 
(E) 
The determination of the Required Collateral Value will be made on the Collateral Test 
Date for the purposes of the Collateral Test. 
(F) 
If, on the relevant Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Manager determines that the 
Collateral Test will not be satisfied, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the 
Collateral Business Day immediately following the relevant Collateral Test Date, send 
a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice to the Pledgor and the Pledgee. 
(G) 
The Pledgor shall ensure the Collateral Test is satisfied by transferring additional 
Collateral Assets into the Collateral Account, and withdrawing surplus or ineligible 
Collateral Assets from the Collateral Account (the Required Adjustments), provided 
that (A) withdrawal of surplus Collateral Assets is only permitted in circumstances 
where, immediately following such withdrawal, the Collateral Test would continue to 
be satisfied, and (B) a Required Adjustment shall only be made if the nominal amount 
of Collateral Assets to be deposited in or removed from the Collateral Account is at least 
equal to the Minimum Transfer Amount. 
(H) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, in relation to any Series of Secured Securities in 
respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the Pledgor may request that 
Collateral Assets are withdrawn from the Collateral Account provided that, following 
such withdrawal, the Collateral Test will be satisfied. 
(I) 
Any requested adjustment under sub-paragraphs (G) and (H) shall be accompanied by a 
Collateral Adjustment Notice from the Collateral Manager to the Custodian and (if 
applicable) the Series Collateral Monitoring Agent (with a copy to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor).

--- Page 912 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
912 
 
(b) 
The following provisions of this Secured Security Condition 4.4(b) apply only to Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Euroclear is the applicable Collateral 
Monitoring Agent: 
(i) 
For the purpose of the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms that apply to Euroclear, these Secured 
Security Conditions constitute a "Collateral Agreement" between the Pledgor and Pledgee 
(referred to thereunder), which defines the scope of the collateral management transfers required 
between the Pledgor and Pledgee in respect of each Series for which Euroclear is the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent. 
(ii) 
On the Issue Date and each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will calculate 
the Collateral Value using its pricing/valuation sources (unless "Alternative Valuation" has been 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case this valuation will use the specified 
delegate or source for valuing the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Account). The Collateral 
Monitoring Agent will determine whether the Collateral Test is satisfied on that date on the basis 
of the specified Required Collateral Value and the calculated Collateral Value. If there is a 
shortfall, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall notify both Pledgor and Pledgee of this in 
accordance with the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines the Collateral Value is lower than the Required 
Collateral Value, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will automatically select the Collateral Assets 
to transfer to the Collateral Account from the Pledgor's account in order to rectify such shortfall. 
If either party objects to, or revokes authorisation for, "AutoSelect", then the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent will revert to manual transactions, requiring both parties to provide matching 
instructions for each required transfer of Collateral Assets into and out of the Collateral Account. 
(iv) 
If, on any date, the Required Collateral Value has changed, both the Pledgor and the Pledgee will 
notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent by providing matching notices specifying the updated 
Required Collateral Value, which will adjust the Required Collateral Value accordingly. The 
Required Collateral Value notified to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by matching instructions 
shall be binding on the Collateral Monitoring Agent for the purposes of the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent's determination whether the Collateral Test is satisfied. 
(c) 
The following provisions of this Secured Security Condition 4.4(c) apply only to Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and Clearstream or BNY is the 
applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent: 
(i) 
On the Issue Date and each Collateral Test Date, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will calculate 
the Collateral Value using its pricing/valuation sources (unless "Alternative Valuation" has been 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case this valuation will use the specified 
delegate or source for valuing the Collateral Assets in the Collateral Account). The Collateral 
Monitoring Agent will determine whether the Collateral Test is satisfied on that date, on the basis 
of the Required Collateral Value, as provided from time to time, and the calculated Collateral 
Value, and if there is a shortfall, notify both Pledgor and Pledgee of this in accordance with the 
Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. 
(ii) 
If the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines the Collateral Value is lower than the Required 
Collateral Value, the Collateral Monitoring Agent will automatically select the Collateral Assets 
to transfer from the Pledgor's source account, and if the Collateral Value is higher than the 
Required Collateral Value, excess Collateral Assets will be transferred back to the Pledgor's 
account. 
(iii) 
If, on any date, the Required Collateral Value has changed, both the Pledgor and the Pledgee will 
notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent by providing matching notices specifying the updated 
Required Collateral Value. The Required Collateral Value notified to the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent by matching instructions shall be binding on the Collateral Monitoring Agent for the

--- Page 913 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
913 
 
purposes of the Collateral Monitoring Agent's determination whether the Collateral Test is 
satisfied. 
(d) 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, in relation to any Series of Secured Securities in respect of which 
Collateral Monitoring is applicable, the Pledgor may request that Collateral Assets are withdrawn from 
the Collateral Account, provided that, following such withdrawal, the Collateral Test will continue to be 
satisfied. 
(e) 
The following provisions of this Secured Security Condition 4.4(e) apply only to a Series of Secured 
Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is not applicable: 
(i) 
Following the occurrence of a Collateral Manual Adjustment Event, the Required Collateral 
Value will be adjusted to be: 
(A) 
if the Collateral Manual Adjustment Event is an event in limb (a) of the definition 
thereof, the value agreed pursuant to the restructuring agreement between the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and the Holders of the relevant Series of Secured 
Securities; and 
(B) 
if the Collateral Manual Adjustment Event is an event in limb (b) of the definition 
thereof, the value equal to the proportion of the Series of Secured Securities that remain 
outstanding following the buy-back of such Series by the relevant Issuer. 
(ii) 
Following such adjustment to the Required Collateral Value, the Pledgor may request that 
Collateral Assets are withdrawn from the Collateral Account provided that, following such 
withdrawal, the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to the Required Collateral Value. 
4.5 
Adjustment of Collateralisation Percentage Share  
If, in relation to any Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and 
Multiple Custodians is applicable, the Pledgor may adjust the Collateralisation Percentage Share by providing at 
least 5 Business Days written notice to each applicable Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Security Trustee in 
respect of such Series, provided that any adjustment to the Collateralisation Percentage Share in accordance with 
this Condition 4.5 will not cause a reduction in the Collateralisation Percentage to occur. 
4.6 
Substitution of Collateral Assets 
(a) 
In relation to any Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable and 
"Collateral Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Pledgor may 
withdraw and/or replace Collateral Assets from the relevant Collateral Account provided that following 
such adjustment the Collateral Test will be satisfied. Where the Collateral Monitoring Agent is Euroclear, 
Clearstream or BNY (or any substitute or replacement), any such change will be effected under the relevant 
Collateral Monitoring Service Terms. The Collateral Business Day immediately following a day on which 
such notice is given by the Pledgor for the substitution of Collateral Assets as described above will be 
deemed to be a Collateral Test Date (if not already specified as a Collateral Test Date).  
(b) 
In relation to any Series of Secured Securities in respect of which Collateral Monitoring is applicable, 
Self-Monitoring is applicable and "Collateral Substitution" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Pledgor may elect to withdraw the Initial Collateral Assets from the relevant Collateral 
Account and replace them with Collateral Assets provided that, following such adjustment and until such 
time (if any) as the Collateral Substitution is no longer continuing, the Collateral Test will be satisfied. 
The Pledgor will send or cause to be sent a notice to the Collateral Manager and the Custodian or, if 
Multiple Custodians is applicable, to each Custodian (if a different entity), copied to the Issuer where 
applicable, specifying the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including, inter alia, the type and 
quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed). The Collateral Business Day 
immediately following a day on which such notice is given by the Pledgor for the substitution of Collateral 
Assets as described above will be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date (if not already specified as a 
Collateral Test Date).

--- Page 914 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
914 
 
4.7 
Crédit Agricole CIB as Securityholder 
(a) 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms relating to a Series of Secured Securities, 
Crédit Agricole CIB to the extent it intends to hold Secured Securities (including but not limited to, in its 
capacity as a market maker) may waive its rights by written notice to receive the proceeds of realisation 
of the Collateral Assets securing such Series of Secured Securities (or where Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, delivery of the 
Collateral Assets Series Entitlement) following the enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement (any 
such Secured Securities, being Non-Placed Securities). 
(b) 
In such circumstances, Crédit Agricole CIB as holder of the Non-Placed Securities is deemed to waive its 
rights to give written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Non-Placed Securities are immediately 
due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount on the occurrence of an Event of Default following 
the delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice (as described below). As a consequence, when 
calculating the Required Collateral Value in accordance with the provisions described below, the 
Collateral Manager and (where Self-Monitoring is not applicable) the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall 
only take into account the value of the Secured Securities that have not been subject to such waiver (any 
such Securities being Placed Securities). If "Waiver of Rights" is not expressed to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, all Securities of the relevant Series shall be Placed Securities. If a notice of "Waiver 
of Rights" (to the extent applicable) is not delivered, all Secured Securities of the relevant Series shall be 
Placed Securities even if Crédit Agricole CIB is a holder of such Secured Securities. 
(c) 
Crédit Agricole CIB shall be required to (i) inform by written notice and, upon request from the Collateral 
Manager, provide evidence to, the Collateral Manager of the number of Non-Placed Securities that it holds 
on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date and (ii) notify the Collateral Manager following any 
transfer of Non-Placed Securities. The Collateral Business Day following such notification will be deemed 
to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral Manager shall notify the Issuer and (where Self-Monitoring 
is not applicable) the Collateral Monitoring Agent of the same and of the revised Required Collateral 
Value. 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent or the Security 
Trustee shall be responsible for any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the number 
of Non-Placed Securities relating to any one or more Series of Secured Securities that may have been 
provided to the Collateral Manager by or on behalf of Crédit Agricole CIB and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent or the Security Trustee shall be under 
any duty to verify or otherwise confirm the number of Non-Placed Securities so held. 
4.8 
Required Collateral Default 
Following the occurrence of a Required Collateral Default, the Pledgor or Security Trustee will be required to notify 
the other parties of the Required Collateral Default. The Issuer shall give notice in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable to all relevant Securityholders if such notice has been 
received. 
4.9 
Third Party Chargor 
(a) 
Where "Third Party Security" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the obligations 
of the relevant Issuer in respect of the Secured Securities will be secured (such security being Third Party 
Security) by: 
(i) 
a Pledge Agreement, pursuant to which an Affiliate of the Issuer (such Affiliate being a Third 
Party Chargor in respect of such Series of Secured Securities) will grant a first ranking security 
interest over all of its rights in and to the Collateral Assets that are held from time to time in the 
Collateral Account following transfer to the Custodian, together with all the Third Party Chargor's 
claims against the Custodian and receivables, claims, right, title, interest and benefit in, under 
and to the relevant Custodian Terms; and

--- Page 915 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
915 
 
(ii) 
a Security Trust Deed, pursuant to which the Issuer will grant a first ranking security interest over 
its right, benefit, interest and title, present and future, in, under and to the Charged Documents 
(to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of Secured Securities and save for any such rights 
secured pursuant to the Pledge Agreement), 
in favour of the Pledgee and the Security Trustee, respectively, to hold on trust or as agent for itself and 
the relevant Securityholders and the other relevant Secured Parties. 
(b) 
Where the Custodian for a Series of Secured Securities is Euroclear or Clearstream, in the event that the 
Pledgee is subject to an insolvency or insolvency-like event that triggers a default for the purpose of the 
Custodian, the Security will be released and the Collateral Assets returned to the Pledgor. Accordingly, 
there will be no assets pledged by way of security in favour of the Securityholders from such time until 
the time as a substitute Security Trustee is appointed to replace CBNA. 
(c) 
No security will be created over any other assets of the Third Party Chargor or any other assets in the 
Collateral Account, which will remain the property of the relevant Third Party Chargor or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, who shall be entitled to sell, dispose of, transfer or otherwise deal with such assets at any 
time. 
(d) 
Where Third Party Security is applicable, references in this Secured Security Condition 4 to the "Issuer" 
shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Third Party Chargor, as the context requires. In addition, 
where any notice is required to be delivered to the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Terms and Conditions, 
such notice shall also be delivered to the relevant Third Party Chargor to the contact details specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
COLLATERAL MANAGER, COLLATERAL MONITORING AGENT AND VALUATION AGENT 
(a) 
The Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Valuation Agent act solely as agents of 
the Pledgor and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, 
the Securityholders. 
(b) 
All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Secured Securities by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent and the Valuation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Securityholders and the Security Trustee. 
(c) 
Each of the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Valuation Agent may delegate 
any of their obligations and functions to a third party as provided for in the relevant agreement or these 
Secured Security Conditions, as applicable. 
6. 
ACCELERATION, ENFORCEMENT AND REALISATION 
6.1 
Acceleration and Enforcement of Collateral 
(a) 
If, in relation to a Series of Secured Securities, a Secured Security Acceleration Notice is, or is deemed to 
be, served, a Secured Security Acceleration Event shall occur and all Secured Securities comprising that 
Series, as well as all Securities from every Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured on the same Collateral 
Pool as the Series in respect of which Secured Security Acceleration Notice was sent, will become 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (or, where Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that all 
Secured Securities comprising that Series will be subject to settlement in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6.8). If a Secured Security Acceleration Event occurs, the Issuer or, failing which, the Security 
Trustee shall give notice thereof to all relevant Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable following 
the occurrence of such event in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Where a Secured Security Acceleration Notice is sent in respect of a Series (Shared Collateral) it shall be 
deemed to have also been sent simultaneously in respect of every other Series (Shared Collateral) that is 
secured on the same Collateral Pool as the Series in respect of which the Secured Security Acceleration 
Notice was sent. In such circumstances, enforcement and realisation of the Collateral Assets relating to

--- Page 916 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
916 
 
such Collateral Pool in accordance with this Secured Security Condition 6 shall take place in the same 
manner for all affected Series (Shared Collateral) which have the benefit of such Collateral Pool as if such 
Security was being enforced and realised for a single Series. 
(c) 
If neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts due to Securityholders of a Series of Securities 
in relation to which a Secured Security Acceleration Event has occurred within the Pre-Enforcement 
Payment Period, any holder of Securities of such Series will be entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement 
Notice to the Security Trustee requesting that the security constituted by the relevant Pledge Agreement 
and Security Trust Deed be enforced. 
(d) 
The Security Trustee shall, following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, promptly give notice of 
the same to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Manager, the Custodian and the other Securityholders 
whose Securities are secured on the Collateral Pool in relation to which such Collateral Enforcement 
Notice relates. 
6.2 
Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Assets 
Upon receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, and subject always to the Security Trustee being indemnified 
and/or secured (including by way of prefunding) against any liability it may incur by so acting, the Security Trustee 
will enforce the security constituted by the relevant Pledge Agreement and Security Trust Deed in accordance with 
the terms thereof and these Secured Security Conditions (as completed by the applicable Final Terms) and will 
(a) give instructions to the Disposal Agent to liquidate or realise some or all of the Collateral Assets in each 
Collateral Pool which secures one or more Series of Secured Securities in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6.6 (Method of Realisation of Collateral Assets) and subsequently distribute the relevant Collateral 
Enforcement Proceeds Share to relevant holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with Secured Security 
Condition 6.5 (Application and Distribution of Proceeds of Enforcement Where Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets on Enforcement is Not Applicable) or (b) where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, arrange for Delivery of the relevant Collateral Assets 
Entitlement to the relevant holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.8 
(Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement), in each case after payment of any amounts payable to the 
Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (such amounts to be paid either out of the proceeds of such liquidation or 
realisation of Collateral Assets or out of the amounts transferred by the holders of the Placed Securities in 
accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement)). 
6.3 
Liability of the Security Trustee 
In the absence of any gross negligence, fraud or wilful default on the part of the Security Trustee, the Security 
Trustee shall not have any liability as to the consequence of any enforcement or realisation action and neither will 
have regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders. 
6.4 
Enforcement and Realisation by Securityholders 
No Securityholder shall be entitled to enforce a Pledge Agreement or Security Trust Deed or to proceed directly 
against the Issuer or any Third Party Chargor to enforce the other provisions of a Pledge Agreement or Security 
Trust Deed. 
6.5 
Application and Distribution of Proceeds of Enforcement Where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on 
Enforcement is Not Applicable 
(a) 
Unless Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
following Enforcement and after the realisation and liquidation in full of all the Collateral Assets in a 
Collateral Pool in accordance with Condition 5, the Security Trustee shall use the proceeds of such 
realisation and liquidation of the Collateral Assets and any other amounts available for distribution 
following such Enforcement to make payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior 
to the holders of the Placed Securities for each Series of Secured Securities which are secured on such 
Collateral Pool in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. Following 
such payment the Security Trustee shall determine the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share in respect

--- Page 917 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
917 
 
of each Placed Security and shall notify such amounts to the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance 
with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
Subject as provided below, the remaining proceeds from the realisation of the Collateral Assets in a 
Collateral Pool will then be applied in meeting the claims of holders of the Placed Securities which are 
secured by the relevant Collateral Pool (which claim will be equal to the Amount Owed) pro rata to the 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share of each such Secured Security. 
(i) 
Any excess of the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds over the amounts payable prior to 
Securityholders and to holders of the Placed Securities shall then be distributed to the Secured 
Parties ranking after the holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Where the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Security is less than 
the Amount Owed (such loss amount being a Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount), such 
Securityholder may claim any payment of such Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount from the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
6.6 
Method of Realisation of Collateral Assets 
(a) 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in these Secured Security Conditions or the Final Terms, in 
effecting the sales, the Disposal Agent (on behalf of the Security Trustee) may sell Collateral Assets in 
one single transaction or in a number of transactions as it considers appropriate in order to attempt 
reasonably to maximise the proceeds from such sale. The Disposal Agent may effect sales of Collateral 
Assets (i) on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or 
quoted, (ii) in the over-the-counter market or (iii) in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or in 
the over-the counter market. 
(b) 
Where the Disposal Agent is required or requested to dispose of any Collateral Assets other than on any 
securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted then: 
(i) 
the Disposal Agent shall seek firm bid quotations from at least three independent dealers in assets 
similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets (and, for such purpose, it may seek quotations 
in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in respect of a designated part or proportion 
thereof, as it considers appropriate in order to maximise the proceeds of the sale of such Collateral 
Assets); 
(ii) 
for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (i) above, the Disposal Agent or any 
Third Party Bidder may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Collateral Assets or any part 
or proportion thereof; and 
(iii) 
the Disposal Agent shall be authorised to accept in respect of each relevant part or proportion of 
the Collateral Assets or, as applicable, the entirety of the relevant Collateral Assets the highest 
quotation so obtained (which may be a quotation from the Disposal Agent (when providing such 
quotations itself, the Disposal Agent shall act in a commercially reasonable manner). 
(c) 
If the Disposal Agent has not been able to dispose of all of the Collateral Assets within 20 Business Days 
from the date of the relevant Secured Security Acceleration Event, then the Disposal Agent shall be entitled 
to sell any Collateral Assets not yet disposed of, irrespective of the price obtainable and regardless of such 
price being close to or equal to zero. 
(d) 
In circumstances where the Disposal Agent cannot act in accordance with this Secured Security Condition 
6.6, or does not do so within a reasonable time, the Security Trustee shall effect any sales of the Collateral 
Assets in accordance with the Security Trust Deed (or may appoint an agent to do so on its behalf).

--- Page 918 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
918 
 
6.7 
Inability to Realise Collateral Assets 
(a) 
If the Disposal Agent is unable to sell Collateral Assets pursuant to Secured Security Condition 6.6 
(Method of Realisation of Collateral Assets) within 30 Business Days of the date of the relevant Secured 
Security Acceleration Event (such Collateral Assets being Non-Realised Collateral Assets), then in lieu 
of cash settlement of such Non-Realised Collateral Assets and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, 
the Security Trustee (itself or acting through an agent) shall be entitled to Deliver, or procure the Delivery 
of, such Non-Realised Collateral Assets to the relevant holders of the Placed Securities in accordance with 
Secured Security Condition 6.8 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement) and the Order of 
Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
If Delivery of any Non-Realised Collateral Assets is illegal, impossible or impracticable due to the 
occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event for a period of greater than 20 
Business Days, (i) the Disposal Agent (or failing which the Security Trustee or an agent appointed on its 
behalf) shall be entitled to sell such Non-Realised Collateral Assets by accepting the first available price 
for such Non-Realised Collateral Assets or (ii) the Security Trustee (itself or acting through an agent) shall 
Deliver such Non-Realised Collateral Assets if Delivery subsequently becomes possible, legal or 
practicable, as the case may be. 
6.8 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement 
(a) 
Where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets on Enforcement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
following Enforcement, the Security Trustee (itself or acting through an agent) will determine the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement in respect of each Secured Security and shall notify such amounts to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices). 
(b) 
The Security Trustee will: 
(i) 
upon transfer by the holders of the Placed Securities to the Security Trustee of sufficient funds to 
pay amounts equal to (A) any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders 
in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and (B) where 
the Hedge Amount is a positive sum (as determined in accordance with General Condition 6.8 
(Redemption Amounts)), the value of the Hedge Amount, in the case of the amounts at (A), pay 
such amounts to such Secured Parties in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, in the case of the Hedge Amount, pay an amount equal to the absolute 
value of the Hedge Amount to the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
where holders of the Placed Securities have not elected to make a transfer for the purposes of 
Secured Security Condition 6.8(b)(i), realise, or procure that the Disposal Agent realises and 
liquidates sufficient Collateral Assets in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.6 
(Method of realisation of Collateral Assets) with a value equal to the amounts described in 
Secured Security Conditions 6.8(b)(i)(A) and (B) and pay such amounts to the Secured Parties 
and the Issuer, respectively, in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Following such payments, the Security Trustee will notify Securityholders of the relevant Collateral 
Delivery Date and, subject to Secured Security Condition 6.9 (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Disruption Event), will Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the holders of the Placed Securities 
secured by the relevant Collateral Pool in accordance with Secured Security Condition 6.9 (Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event) in lieu of the Amount Owed pursuant to Secured Security 
Condition 6.1 (Acceleration and Enforcement of Collateral). 
(c) 
A holder of Placed Securities is only entitled to receive its Collateral Assets Entitlement and Delivery 
thereof is subject to the provisions of Secured Security Condition 6.10 (Physical Delivery Procedures). 
Any remaining Collateral Assets will be liquidated by the Security Trustee and the proceeds thereof 
distributed in accordance with the Security Trust Deed to the Secured Parties ranking after the holders of 
the Placed Securities in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 919 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
919 
 
(d) 
Where the Collateral Assets Entitlement for a particular Secured Security is less than the Amount Owed 
(such difference being a Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount), such holder of the Placed Securities 
may claim any payment of such Collateral Enforcement Loss Amount from the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee. 
6.9 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event 
(a) 
If, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, Delivery of all or some of the Collateral Assets forming part of 
the Collateral Assets Entitlement using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
such other commercially reasonable manner as the Security Trustee has determined, is not practicable by 
reason of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on 
any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following 
Business Day in respect of which there is no such Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, 
provided that the Security Trustee may elect in its sole discretion to Deliver the Collateral Assets forming 
part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select 
and in such event the Collateral Delivery Date shall be such day as the Security Trustee deems appropriate 
in connection with delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement in 
such other commercially reasonable manner. 
(b) 
Where a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Collateral 
Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to be Delivered to a holder of Placed 
Securities, the Collateral Delivery Date for those Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement which are able to be Delivered will be the Collateral Delivery Date on which such Collateral 
Assets are Delivered. 
(c) 
If Delivery of any Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement is not possible due 
to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event for a period of greater than 
20 Business Days or such other period specified in the Final Terms (such Collateral Assets, the 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets), then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof, the Disposal Agent (or failing which the Security Trustee or an agent on its behalf) shall 
sell or realise the Undeliverable Collateral Assets and deliver the proceeds thereof to holders of the Placed 
Securities in the manner set out in Secured Security Condition 6.6 (Method of Realisation of Collateral 
Assets). 
(d) 
The Security Trustee shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 14 (Notices) that a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event has 
occurred. No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Secured Securities 
in the event of any delay in the Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, any Third Party Chargor, the Guarantor or the Security 
Trustee. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Condition 12.3(f) will apply. 
6.10 
Physical Delivery Procedures 
(a) 
Procedure by Securityholders 
Any Delivery of Collateral Assets shall be in accordance with any applicable securities laws. 
(i) 
In order to receive the Collateral Assets Entitlement, the relevant holder of Placed Securities shall 
(or shall procure that a depository, custodian or entity with which it has a similar relationship in 
respect of the Securities shall on its behalf): 
(A) 
if the Placed Securities are represented by a Global Security, present a notice to DTC 
and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to 
any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the

--- Page 920 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
920 
 
Security Trustee via the EUCLID System or any equivalent or successor system (a PD 
Notice); or 
(B) 
if the Placed Security is in definitive form, surrender to the Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, the Definitive Security (which expression shall, for the 
purposes of this Secured Security Condition, include Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all 
unmatured Coupons, in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 5 
(Payments)), a completed Asset Transfer Notice substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (the Asset Transfer Notice) (a copy of which may be obtained from 
the specified office of any of the Paying Agents) with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Security Trustee. 
(ii) 
A PD Notice or an Asset Transfer Notice, as the case may be, are referred to herein as a Notice. 
(iii) 
The PD Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Securityholder and the person from whom 
the Security Trustee and/or the Disposal Agent may obtain details for the Delivery of 
the Collateral Assets Entitlement; 
(B) 
specify the number of Placed Securities, which are the subject of such notice and the 
number of the Securityholder's account at DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, to be debited with such Secured Securities; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, to debit the relevant Securityholder's account with such Placed Securities 
on the date notified by the Security Trustee for such purposes; 
(D) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act); and 
(E) 
authorise the production of such PD Notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(iv) 
The Asset Transfer Notice referred to above must: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the person from whom the Security Trustee and/or the 
Disposal Agent may obtain details for Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement; 
(B) 
authorise the production of such Asset Transfer Notice in any applicable administrative 
or legal proceedings; and 
(C) 
provide the Securityholder's certification whether it is a U.S. person, or a person acting 
on behalf of a U.S. person, or a person within the United States (as such terms are 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). 
(v) 
A PD Notice and an Asset Transfer Notice cannot be delivered in respect of the same holding of 
Securities; in such an event the PD Notice shall be deemed invalid. 
(vi) 
No Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
(vii) 
After delivery of such Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Placed Securities, 
which are the subject of such Notice, and no transfers of the Placed Securities specified therein 
represented by a Global Security will be effected by DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 921 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
921 
 
(viii) 
Any determination as to whether a notice is valid and has been properly completed and delivered 
as provided in this Secured Security Condition 6.10(a) shall be made by DTC ,Euroclear or 
Clearstream ,Luxembourg or the Issuer ,as the case may be ,after consultation with the 
Security Trustee and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant 
Securityholder. 
(b) 
Procedure by the Security Trustee and Others 
(i) 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Notice and (in the case of Secured Securities in definitive form) 
the Definitive Security to which such Notice relates, the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, shall verify 
that the person specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Secured Securities 
referred to therein according to its books. 
(ii) 
Subject as provided in these Secured Security Conditions, in relation to each Secured Security, 
the Collateral Assets Entitlement will be Delivered as soon as reasonably possible at the risk of 
the relevant Securityholder in such commercially reasonable manner as the Security Trustee shall, 
in its sole discretion, determine to be appropriate for such Delivery, provided that the relevant 
Secured Security in definitive form has been delivered to the Security Trustee. 
(c) 
Delay 
(i) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment or other assets, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of any delay in Delivery of the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement due to circumstances beyond the control of the Security Trustee. 
(ii) 
If the relevant Securityholder fails to deliver a Notice, or procure that a Notice is validly delivered 
on its behalf, in the manner set out in these Conditions or, in the case of Secured Securities in 
definitive form, fails to deliver the Definitive Security related thereto, or fails to procure that such 
Definitive Security is delivered, or fails to pay the expenses referred to in Secured Security 
Condition 6.10(d) (Costs and Expenses), the Issuer, and for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Guarantor, shall be discharged from its obligation in respect of such Secured Security and shall 
have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(d) 
Costs and Expenses 
All expenses including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes or duties (together Delivery Expenses) arising from the Delivery 
and/or transfer of the Collateral Assets Entitlement shall be for the account of the relevant Securityholder 
and no Delivery and/or transfer of the Collateral Assets Entitlement shall be made until all Delivery 
Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Security Trustee. 
(e) 
Fractional Entitlement 
If the Collateral Assets Entitlement comprises less than a whole number of securities at the relevant time, 
then (i) the Issuer shall not Deliver and the relevant Securityholder shall not be entitled to receive in respect 
of its Secured Securities that fraction of a security (the Fractional Entitlement) and (ii) to the extent such 
sums are available from the proceeds of liquidation of Collateral Assets comprising the aggregate 
Fractional Entitlement, the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Securityholder a cash amount, as determined 
by the Security Trustee and such cash amount shall be deemed a part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement. 
(f) 
Delivery at Risk of Securityholder 
Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement by the Issuer to the holder of a Placed Security shall be at 
the risk of the Securityholder and no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Securityholder 
following Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement.

--- Page 922 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
922 
 
7. 
SEGREGATION OF COLLATERAL POOLS AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
7.1 
Limited Recourse 
(a) 
By acquiring and holding Secured Securities issued by either, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL, Securityholders will be deemed to acknowledge and agree that the obligations of the relevant 
Issuer to the Securityholders are limited in recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in the relevant 
Collateral Pool securing such Series of Secured Securities (or in the case of a Series (Shared Collateral), 
the Series Proportion of the Collateral Assets contained in the relevant Pool) after application of any 
amounts to be paid in priority to the holders of the relevant Series in accordance with the Order of Priority. 
If: 
(i) 
there are no relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool remaining, which are 
capable of being realised or otherwise converted into, cash; 
(ii) 
all amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool have been 
applied to meet or provide for the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the 
provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and these Secured Security Conditions; and 
(iii) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant 
Collateral Pool to pay in full, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement 
and these Secured Security Conditions, amounts outstanding under the Secured Securities 
(including payments of nominal, premium (if any) and interest), 
then the Securityholders of Secured Securities issued by either, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL shall have no further claim against the relevant Issuer or any Third Party Chargor in respect of 
any amounts owing to them which remain unpaid (including payments of nominal, premium (if any) and/or 
interest in respect of the Securities). 
(b) 
In particular, no Securityholder shall be entitled to have recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in a 
Collateral Pool other than, in the case of the holders of the Placed Securities, the Collateral Pool that 
secures the Secured Securities held by such Securityholder. 
(c) 
In such a scenario, Securityholders will continue to be able to claim under the terms of the Guarantee 
against the Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. 
(d) 
This Secured Security Condition 7 does not apply to Secured Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB 
and as such, does not limit any recourse Securityholders may have to Crédit Agricole CIB in respect of 
any such Secured Securities. 
8. 
COLLATERAL DISRUPTION EVENTS 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, or the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent, in each case acting in good faith, of a Collateral Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) and may redeem all but not some 
only of the Secured Securities of the relevant Series at the Early Redemption Amount on the date specified 
by the Issuer in the notice to Securityholders. 
(b) 
If "Collateral Disruption Events – Securityholder Direction" is specified in the Final Terms as applying to 
a Series of Secured Securities, upon notification by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Collateral Disruption 
Event, the Securityholders of the affected Series of Secured Securities may, pursuant to an Extraordinary 
Resolution (or, in the case of a Series (Shared Collateral), pursuant to an Extraordinary Resolution from 
the Securityholders of each Series (Shared Collateral) which is secured on the same Collateral Pool) which 
is passed by no later than the 30th Business Day following the date of such notice from the Issuer, direct 
the Issuer to redeem the relevant Secured Securities. In such case, the Issuer will redeem all but not some 
only of the Secured Securities of the relevant Series (Solo Collateral) or Series (Shared Collateral) at the 
Early Redemption Amount on the date falling 15 Business Days after the date of the last such 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Secured Securities in such

--- Page 923 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
923 
 
circumstances and a Series (Shared Collateral) is so accelerated and a Collateral Enforcement Notice is 
delivered to the Security Trustee, every Series (Shared Collateral) that is secured on the same Collateral 
Pool shall be immediately due and repayable and the security shall be enforced in respect of all such Series.  
(c) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if "Essential Trigger" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, General Conditions 6.8 and 12.3(f) will apply. 
9. 
RELEASE OF SECURITY 
The security constituted by the Pledge Agreement and the Security Trust Deed will be released: 
(a) 
in relation to Collateral Assets that are withdrawn from the Collateral Account in accordance with Secured 
Security Condition 4.4 (Collateral Monitoring and Adjustments to Collateral Assets) or Secured Security 
Condition 4.6 (Substitution of Collateral Assets);  
(b) 
on satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations secured thereunder, provided that, where Physical Settlement 
applies with respect to any Credit Linked Security in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Physical 
Settlement) or with respect to any Bond Linked Security in accordance with Bond Linked Condition 4 
(Physical Settlement) and the Issuer intends to Deliver some or all of the relevant Collateral Assets in 
satisfaction of its obligation to Deliver Deliverable Obligations under Credit Linked Condition 4 or Bonds 
under Bond Linked Condition 4, as the case may be, such security will be released simultaneously on 
Delivery of such Deliverable Obligations or Bonds, as the case may be; and 
(c) 
in the case of a partial redemption of the relevant Series of Secured Securities, over the proportion of 
Collateral Assets that corresponds to the proportion of the outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount being 
partially redeemed (such proportion the Released Collateral Assets). For the purposes of this Secured 
Security Condition 9(c): (i) such security shall be released concurrently with the partial redemption of the 
relevant Series of Secured Securities on the relevant partial redemption date; and (ii) the Pledgor may 
withdraw the Released Collateral Assets from the relevant Collateral Account at any time from and 
including the release of such security. 
10. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
The Collateral Management Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Service Terms, the Valuation Agency 
Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and each Security Trust Deed, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of England and be 
subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. The Security Agency Agreement, and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, shall be governed by French law 
and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris. 
(b) 
The Custodian Terms for CEP and all matters arising from or related to it (whether contractual or non-
contractual in nature) shall be governed by the laws of Luxembourg and be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the courts of Luxembourg-City. Each Pledge Agreement for CEP will be governed by 
Luxembourg law and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the district of 
Luxembourg-City, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Custodian Terms for 
Clearstream and each Pledge Agreement for Clearstream, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and be 
subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of Luxembourg. 
(c) 
The Custodian Terms for Euroclear and each Pledge Agreement for Euroclear, and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of Belgium. The 
parties (other than Euroclear) thereto will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the civil and 
commercial courts and tribunals of Brussels (Belgium). 
(d) 
The BNY Custody Agreement and BNY TACA, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, shall be governed by the laws of Belgium. The parties thereto will be subject to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the civil and commercial courts and tribunals of Brussels (Belgium).

--- Page 924 ---
Annex 10 – Secured Security Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
924 
 
(e) 
The Series Custodian Agreement, if any, for a Series of Secured Securities, and any non-contractual 
matters arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of, the jurisdiction specified in such Series Custodian Agreement. 
(f) 
The Series Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, if any, for a Series of Secured Securities, and any 
non-contractual matters arising out of or in connection with it, shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction specified in such Series Collateral Monitoring Agency 
Agreement. 
(g) 
The Series Disposal Agency Agreement, if any, for a Series of Secured Securities, and any non-contractual 
matters arising out of or in connection with it, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction specified in such Series Disposal; Agency Agreement.

--- Page 925 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
925 
 
ANNEX 11 – PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
This annex sets out additional terms and conditions for Securities that are Preference Share Linked Securities. It is only 
applicable to Securities that are specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to Preference Linked Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, in each case subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions shall prevail. 
The following terms and conditions (the Preference Share Linked Conditions) shall apply to the Securities if the applicable 
Final Terms indicate that the Preference Share Linked Conditions are applicable. These Preference Share Linked Conditions 
are subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
1.1 
General Definitions Relating to Preference Share Linked Securities 
For the purposes of these Preference Linked Share Conditions, the following terms shall have the meanings set out 
below: 
Auto-call Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Preference Share Linked Security, an amount in the 
Specified Currency payable by the Issuer on the immediately following Auto-call Redemption Date as a result of a 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event being triggered on any Preference Share Underlying Early 
Observation Date and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the Final Redemption Amount, 
provided that for such purpose the Final Redemption Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the relevant Auto-call 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
Auto-call Redemption Date has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Auto-call Redemption Valuation Date means the day falling two Business Days following the Preference Share 
Underlying Early Observation Date on which a Preference Share Early Redemption Event has occurred. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Preference Share Linked Security, an amount in the 
Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the Final Redemption Amount except 
that the definition of Preference Share Final shall be the Preference Share Value on the day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Final Redemption Valuation Date means the day falling two Business Days following the Preference Share 
Underlying Final Observation Date.  
Initial Valuation Date means the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
Notional Amount means the Specified Denomination. 
Preference Share means the redeemable preference shares specified in the applicable Final Terms issued by the 
Preference Share Issuer. 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event means an event as described in the Terms of the Preference Shares. 
Preference Share Early Termination Event means an event as described in the Preference Share Linked 
Condition 2.2. 
Preference Share Final means the Preference Share Value on the Auto-call Redemption Valuation Date or Final 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Preference Share Initial means the Preference Share Issue Price (as defined in the Terms of the Preference Shares). 
Preference Share Issuer means the entity described in the Preference Share Linked Condition 2.1. 
Preference Share Underlying has the meaning set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 926 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
926 
 
Preference Share Underlying Final Observation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and provided that, if the date for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis 
(or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such day is to be delayed in accordance with the 
Terms of the Preference Shares by reason of a disruption or adjustment event, the Preference Share Underlying 
Final Observation Date shall be such delayed valuation or determination date(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Preference Share Underlying Early Observation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms and provided that, if the date for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis 
(or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such day is to be delayed in accordance with the 
Terms of the Preference Shares by reason of a disruption or adjustment event, the Preference Share Underlying 
Early Observation Date shall be such delayed valuation or determination date(s), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Preference Share Value means, in respect of any day, the market value of a Preference Share on such day, at a 
time prior to any redemption of such Preference Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) using its internal models and methodologies and taking into account 
such factor(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, including, but no limited to (a) the time remaining 
to maturity of the Preference Share, (b) if the Preference Share is linked to one or more underlying assets, the value, 
expected future performance and/or volatility of such underlying asset(s) and (c) any other information which the 
Calculation Agent determines relevant. 
Redemption Date means the Redemption Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms of the Preference Shares means an event as described in the Preference Share Linked Condition 2.2. 
1.2 
Final Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding the redemption provisions set out in Annex 9 (Redemption Method Conditions), the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Preference Share Linked Security of the Specified Denomination shall be 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent on the day falling two Business Days 
following the Preference Share Underlying Final Observation Date (the Final Redemption Valuation Date) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount=Notional Amount × Preference Share Final
Preference Share Initial 
1.3 
Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means each of a Change in Law, an Insolvency Filing, a Hedging 
Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case to the extent specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Preference Share Linked Securities, 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, regulation or order or any regulation, rule 
or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable Regulation), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole discretion that (i) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any of such party's affiliates or any entities that are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such Preference Share Linked 
Securities, or (ii) the Issuer, the Guarantor, any such party's Affiliates or any entities which are relevant to 
the Hedging Arrangements will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect 
to such Preference Share Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax

--- Page 927 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
927 
 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) or any requirements in relation 
to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements. 
Extraordinary Event means any of a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, an Insolvency or Nationalisation, in 
each case to the extent specified as being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions or 
contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock loan transactions or (c) 
other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in order 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent (and/or their respective affiliates) at any time with respect to the Preference Share Linked Securities, 
including (without limitation) the purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or futures on such 
securities or any indices, or any depositary receipts or exchange traded funds in respect of such securities 
or indices and any associated foreign exchange or financing transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or the Guarantor (and/or any of their respective affiliates) is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor with respect to the Preference Share Linked Securities, or (b) realise, recover, 
receive, repatriate, transfer or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or the Guarantor (and/or any of their respective 
affiliates) would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date 
of the relevant Preference Share Linked Securities) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (and/or 
any of their respective Affiliates) in issuing or performing its obligations under the Preference Share 
Linked Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
Insolvency means, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, winding-
up, dissolution or analogous proceedings affecting the Preference Share Issuer, (a) all the outstanding 
Preference Shares issued by such Preference Share Issuer are required to be transferred to any trustee, 
liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Preference Shares of such Preference Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Insolvency Filing means, in respect of a Preference Share, that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Preference Share Issuer institutes, or has had instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it 
in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it 
consents to, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for 
its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a 
petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by 
the Preference Share Issuer shall not be an Insolvency Filing. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Preference Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of the 
Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Preference Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares

--- Page 928 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
928 
 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Preference Shares in the 
Preference Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
Preference Shares (other than such Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share Issuer or 
its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding Preference Shares (other than Preference Shares owned or controlled by such entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the 
final Valuation Date or the date on which the Preference Share Value is determined for the purposes of 
calculating the Early Redemption Amount. 
Merger Date means the closing date of the Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Nationalisation means that all the shares in the Preference Share Issuer or all the assets or substantially 
all the assets of the Preference Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality. 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Preference Shares, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, 
or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Preference Share Issuer, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(b) 
Consequences 
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event (where specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or an Additional Disruption Event (where specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms) has occurred, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may (but is not 
obliged to) give notice to the holders of the Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with General 
Condition 14 (Notices) that the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Preference Share Linked 
Securities at the Early Redemption Amount on the Business Day specified in the relevant notice and the 
Issuer will redeem each Preference Share Linked Security on the relevant date specified in such notice. 
1.4 
Additional Provisions 
The following changes shall be made to the General Conditions in respect of each Series of Preference Share Linked 
Securities: 
(a) 
General Condition 3.1 (Redenomination) will not apply to the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 6.8, where the Preference Share Linked Securities are to be redeemed 
at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase), General Condition 10 (Events of Default) or General Condition 19 (Illegality and Force 
Majeure), such Fair Market Value Redemption Amount will be equal to the Early Redemption Amount, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with these Preference Share Linked Conditions. 
2. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE SHARES 
The following is a summary description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares.

--- Page 929 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
929 
 
2.1 
The Preference Share Issuer 
The Preference Share Issuer will be Broadwalk Investments Limited, a private company limited by shares 
incorporated under the Companies Act 2006 on 24 December 2019, with registered number 12377488. The 
registered office of the Preference Share Issuer is in England and Wales: 35 Great St. Helen's, London, EC3A 6AP, 
United Kingdom. 
A copy of the Preference Share Issuer's constitutional documents, its audited, non-consolidated annual financial 
statements, when published, and the Terms of the Preference Shares (as defined below) are available (free of charge) 
from the registered office of the Preference Share Issuer and from the Principal Paying Agent. If specified in the 
Final Terms, the Terms of the Preference Shares will also be available from a website specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The sole business activity of the Preference Share Issuer is to issue redeemable preference shares. Accordingly, the 
Preference Share Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate any significant net income. 
2.2 
The Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Issuer may issue redeemable preference shares of any kind, including but not limited to 
preference shares linked to a specified index or basket of indices, share or basket of shares, exchange traded funds, 
currency or basket of currencies, debt instrument or basket of debt instruments, commodity or basket of 
commodities or to such other underlying instruments, bases of reference or factors (the Preference Share 
Underlying) and on such terms as may be determined by the Preference Share Issuer and specified in the applicable 
specific terms and conditions of the relevant series of preference shares (the Terms of the Preference Shares). 
Consequently, investors should also consider the risk factors set out in the "Risks" section in respect of the risks 
involved in investing in Securities linked to certain relevant underlying reference assets (in this case the Preference 
Shares). 
The Terms of the Preference Shares provide that the applicable Preference Shares will be redeemable on their final 
redemption date at a defined amount as determined in accordance with the Terms of the Preference Shares. 
Preference Shares do not carry voting rights except to consider any proposal to vary or amend the rights attached 
to the relevant Preference Shares or in relation to the winding up of the Preference Share Issuer. 
The Terms of the Preference Shares may also provide that the Preference Share Issuer may redeem the Preference 
Shares early (a Preference Share Early Termination Event) if: 
(a) 
the determination agent for the Preference Shares (the Preference Share Determination Agent) 
determines that, for reasons beyond the Preference Share Issuer's control, the performance of the 
Preference Share Issuer's obligations under the Preference Shares has become illegal or impractical in 
whole or in part for any reason; or 
(b) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines that certain events which affect the Preference Share 
Issuer's hedging arrangements or the Preference Share Underlying(s) have occurred, as specified in the 
Terms of the Preference Shares; or 
(c) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines there is a change in applicable law or regulation 
that in the determination of the Preference Share Determination Agent results, or will result, by reason of 
the Preference Shares being outstanding, in the Preference Share Issuer being required to be regulated by 
any additional regulatory authority, or being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation or 
tax considered by the Preference Share Determination Agent or the Preference Share Issuer to be onerous 
to the Preference Share Issuer. 
If the Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer of the early redemption of the Preference Shares, 
the Issuer will notify holders of the Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Notices) and each Preference Share Linked Security will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share Underlying to which 
the Preference Shares are linked. In determining the value of the Preference Shares, the Preference Share

--- Page 930 ---
Annex 11 – Preference Share Linked Conditions 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
930 
 
Determination Agent shall employ the calculation procedure and methodology set out in the applicable Terms of 
the Preference Shares. 
The value of the Preference Shares will be published on an internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed price source, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Investors in Preference Shares Linked Securities should carefully review and ensure they understand the Terms of 
the Preference Shares and the investment exposure the Preference Shares give to the Preference Share Underlying 
and consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.

--- Page 931 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
931 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
This section sets out what the proceeds from the sale of Securities will be used for. 
The net proceeds from each issue of Securities will be applied by each of the Issuers either (i) for the general 
corporate purposes of the Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank group of companies, which include 
making a profit, or (ii) to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets (as defined below), or (iii) to finance 
and/or refinance Eligible Social Assets (as defined below), or (iv) for any other particular identified use of proceeds 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1. 
GREEN SECURITIES 
The relevant Final Terms may specify that the net proceeds from an issue of Securities will be used by 
the relevant Issuer in an amount equal or equivalent to the use of proceeds, to finance and/or refinance, 
in whole or in part, (i) loans financing, or investments in, certain categories of environmental or 
sustainable projects in eligible activities within the meaning of the Crédit Agricole Group's green bond 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the "Green Bond Framework", eligible 
activities within the meaning of the Green Bond Framework being hereinafter referred to as "Eligible 
Activities"), or (ii) loans to companies demonstrating that at least 90% of their revenues are generated by 
the operation of one or more Eligible Activities, it being specified that the remaining 10% of their 
revenues – while not being generated by the operation of one or more Eligible Activities – should not be 
generated by activities excluded under the Green Bond Framework (the Eligible Green Assets), as 
described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Crédit Agricole Group's green bond framework, such 
Securities being referred to as Green Securities.  
Within the meaning of the Green Bond Framework, activities may be considered as Eligible Activities if 
they meet, as the case may be, the substantial contribution criteria set out in the Taxonomy Regulation, 
or Credit Agricole Group’s internal criteria based on sector market practices. The Green Bond Framework 
thus proposes a (non-exhaustive) list of Eligible Activities specifying for each of them the corresponding 
substantial contribution criteria or internal criteria. However, the notion of Eligible Activity under the 
Green Bond Framework differs from that derived from the Taxonomy Regulation, and the use in the 
Green Bond Framework of the substantial contribution criteria retained by the Taxonomy Regulation 
does not prejudge in itself the alignment of Eligible Activities, and consequently Eligible Green Assets, 
with the Taxonomy. In particular, except in special cases, the Green Bond Framework does not make the 
principle of "do no significant harm" a condition for the eligibility of Eligible Activities.  
The Green Bond Framework is based on and fully complies with the Green Bond Principles published by 
the International Capital Markets Association in its 2021 edition (the GB Principles) and is available on 
the Crédit Agricole Group Group's website (https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/200316). The 
Green Bond Framework may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the GB Principles and 
evolutions in the activities of the Crédit Agricole Group.  
The Crédit Agricole Group has appointed ISS Corporate Solutions to provide a second-party opinion (the 
Green Bond Framework Second-Party Opinion) on the Green Bond Framework, assessing the 
environmental added value of the Green Bond Framework and its alignment with the GB Principles. 
This Green Bond Framework Second-Party Opinion is available on the Crédit Agricole Group's website 
(www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt). 
As described in the Green Bond Framework, the Crédit Agricole Group will publish an annual report on 
its website detailing the allocation of net proceeds from securities issued by group entities used to finance 
and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets (Crédit Agricole Group Green Securities) and the 
environmental impact of the Eligible Green Assets included in its green portfolio. In addition, the Crédit 
Agricole Group may communicate publicly in the event of substantial changes in the green portfolio. The 
Crédit Agricole Group will also have an external auditor provide a limited assurance report on the main 
features of the Crédit Agricole Group Green Securities, for the purposes of the preparation of Crédit 
Agricole S.A.'s universal registration document.

--- Page 932 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
932 
 
2. 
SOCIAL SECURITIES 
The relevant Final Terms may specify that the net proceeds from an issue of Securities will be used by 
the relevant Issuer in an amount equal or equivalent to the use of proceeds, to finance and/or refinance, 
in whole or in part, loans and investments that seek to achieve positive social impacts especially for target 
populations (the Eligible Social Assets), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Crédit 
Agricole Group's social bond framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the Social 
Bond Framework), such Securities being referred to as Social Securities.  
The Social Bond Framework is based on and fully complies with the Social Bond Principles published 
by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2020 edition (the SB Principles) and is available 
on the Crédit Agricole Group's website (https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/186707). The 
Social Bond Framework may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the SB Principles and 
evolutions in the activities of the Crédit Agricole Group. The Social Bond Framework sets out categories 
of Eligible Social Assets which have been identified by the Crédit Agricole Group as part of priority 
activity sectors within the context of sustainable development.  
The Crédit Agricole Group has appointed Moody’s ESG Solutions (formerly Vigeo Eiris) to provide a 
second-party opinion (the Social Bond Framework Second-Party Opinion) on the Social Bond 
Framework, assessing the social added value of the Social Bond Framework and its alignment with the 
SB Principles.  
This Social Bond Framework Second-Party Opinion is available on the Crédit Agricole Group's website 
(www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt).  
The Crédit Agricole Group will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of net 
proceeds from securities issued by group entities used to finance and/or refinance Eligible Social Assets 
(Crédit Agricole Group Social Securities) and the social impact of the Eligible Social Assets included 
in its social portfolio. In addition, the Crédit Agricole Group may communicate publicly in the event of 
substantial changes in the social portfolio. The Crédit Agricole Group will also have an external auditor 
provide a limited assurance report on the main features of the Crédit Agricole Group Social Securities, 
for the purposes of the preparation of Crédit Agricole S.A.'s registration document.

--- Page 933 ---
Description of Crédit Agricole CIB-Associated Indices 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
933 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB-ASSOCIATED INDICES 
Custom Indices 
Securities issued under the Programme may be linked to the performance of certain indices. Where any Securities 
are linked to the performance of an index which is designated as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
the complete set of rules of the index and information on the performance of the index are freely accessible 
on the index provider's website, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the re-balancing of the 
components of the index, description of market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based on 
predetermined and objective criteria. 
Custom Indices are provided by a legal entity or natural person acting on behalf of or in association of the Issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, "Custom Indices" are therefore not composed by the relevant Issuer or by any legal 
entity belonging to its group.

--- Page 934 ---
Form of English Guarantee 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
934 
 
FORM OF ENGLISH GUARANTEE 
This section sets out a form of guarantee that is substantively in the form of the English law-governed guarantee 
given by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank in favour of the Securityholders in respect of English 
Law Securities or as otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on [date] (the Programme Date) by Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank (the Guarantor) in favour of the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deeds of Covenant 
referred to below) and the holders for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) (the Securityholders) 
and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Securities (the Coupons, which expression shall include the 
receipts for the repayment of nominal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the Securities), the Coupons being 
attached on issue to Definitive Security(ies) (as defined below). Each Relevant Account Holder, each holder of a 
Security and each holder of a Coupon is referred to herein as a Securityholder. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (together, 
the Issuers and each an Issuer) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as 
issuer and guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme 
Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time) dated the Programme Date with the Dealers named therein in respect of a Structured Debt 
Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which each Issuer proposes from time to time 
to issue, inter alia, securities governed by the laws of England, Ireland or France, as will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (referred to herein as the Securities), such expression to include each 
Definitive Security issued by an Issuer and each Global Security issued by an Issuer (where Definitive 
Security and Global Security have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Conditions (as defined below) 
and shall include any coupons for interest and any receipts issued in respect of Securities repayable in 
instalments). 
(B) 
Each Issuer has executed an English law governed deed of covenant and an Irish law governed deed of 
covenant dated the Programme Date (referred to herein the Deeds of Covenant) relating to Global 
Securities issued pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(C) 
The Issuers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as issuer and guarantor) 
have entered into an amended and restated agency agreement (the Agency Agreement, which expression 
includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated the 
Programme Date with the agents named therein. 
(D) 
In respect of Securities issued on or after the Programme Date, this Guarantee replaces the deed 
of guarantee (the Previous Guarantee) dated 10 May 2023 executed by the Guarantor (and this 
does not affect any Securities issued under the Programme prior to the Programme Date). 
(E) 
Terms used but not defined in this Guarantee shall have the meanings given to such defined terms in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as provided in the base prospectus relating to the Programme (the 
Conditions). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
GUARANTEE 
In respect of Securities for which "English law" has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in 
the Final Terms, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way of deed poll to each 
Securityholder that, if for any reason, an Issuer does not pay any sum payable by it to such Securityholder 
in respect of any Security or Coupon or under the Deeds of Covenant or, in the event that any Physical 
Settlement Amount (as defined in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to ETF 
Linked Securities) in respect of ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General 
Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities) in respect of Share Linked Securities, Credit Linked

--- Page 935 ---
Form of English Guarantee 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
935 
 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) in respect of Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Condition 6 
(Definitions) in respect of Bond Linked Securities) falls to be delivered under the Conditions, fails to pay 
and deliver such Physical Settlement Amounts in accordance with the Conditions, as the case may be, 
(including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing) as and when the same shall become due under any of the 
foregoing, the Guarantor will within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice pay to 
such Securityholder the amount payable by the relevant Issuer to such Securityholder, or deliver any 
Physical Settlement Amounts to be paid and delivered in accordance with the Conditions by the relevant 
Issuer to such Securityholder provided that, where such amounts relate to a Secured Security and are 
payable or deliverable, as the case may be, following a Secured Security Event of Default, such amounts 
shall only become payable or deliverable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee following distribution of 
the related Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or Collateral Assets Entitlement, as the case may be, 
by the Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. This Guarantee shall apply 
to all Securities issued by the Issuer on or after the Programme Date for which "English law" has been 
specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the Final Terms and all references herein to Securities 
shall be construed accordingly. Securities issued by the Issuer prior to the Programme Date shall continue 
to have the benefit of the Previous Guarantee or, if applicable, any deed of guarantee preceding the 
Previous Guarantee. 
2. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL DEBTOR 
Without affecting the relevant Issuer's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if 
it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will 
its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal debtor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the relevant 
Issuer or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or 
to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on the relevant 
Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Security, 
any Coupon, the Deeds of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of 
any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of the relevant Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability 
of or any defect in any provision of any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or any of the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under any of them). 
3. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full 
force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under any Security, any 
Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and 
not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a 
Securityholder, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices 
and demands whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantor's liability under this Guarantee 
in relation to any Series of Securities shall be extinguished automatically and in full following the 
replacement and substitution of the Issuer of such Series of Securities pursuant to General Condition 17 
(Substitution or Addition of an Issuer) by a Substituted Debtor. 
4. 
REPAYMENT TO THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
If any payment received by a Securityholder is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of the relevant 
Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment will not be considered 
as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply 
as if such payment had at all times remained owing by the relevant Issuer. 
5. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any 
sum expressed to be payable by the relevant Issuer under any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of 
Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to the relevant

--- Page 936 ---
Form of English Guarantee 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
936 
 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Securityholder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a 
guarantee will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Securityholder within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this Guarantee, 
gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Securityholder. 
6. 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee will constitute an unconditional and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks (save 
for statutorily preferred exceptions) pari passu with any other existing or future unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations of the Guarantor. 
7. 
INCORPORATION OF CONDITIONS 
So long as any of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) the Guarantor will comply with the provisions applicable to it in the Conditions of the 
Securities as though the same were set out in full herein. 
8. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Securityholder that it has all 
corporate power, and has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, deliver and 
perform this Guarantee, and that this Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the 
Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
9. 
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a Deed Poll for the benefit of the Securityholders from time to time 
and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg 
Branch, for the benefit of the Securityholders until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been 
discharged in full. 
10. 
PRODUCTION OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Securityholder to the production of, and the right 
of every Securityholder to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Guarantee, and 
further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are owed to, 
and shall be for the account of, each and every Securityholder, and that each Securityholder shall be 
entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
11. 
SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Securities, the Coupons and/or the Deeds of Covenant 
have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to 
any rights of any Securityholder or claim in competition with the Securityholders against the relevant 
Issuer. 
12. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person, which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
13. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
13.1 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. The Guarantor and each 
Securityholder hereby agree that the English courts are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes

--- Page 937 ---
Form of English Guarantee 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
937 
 
which may arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee shall 
be brought in such courts. 
13.2 
The Guarantor hereby appoints Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, London branch, at its 
registered office for the time being in England (being presently at Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, 
London EC2A 2DA) as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings and 
undertakes that in the event of it ceasing so to act it will appoint another person as its agent for that 
purpose. 
14. 
BAIL-IN 
14.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of this Guarantee, any Security or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understandings among the Guarantor and the Securityholders, by its acquisition of the Securities, each 
Securityholder acknowledges and accepts that a BRRD Liability arising under this Guarantee may be 
subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, 
accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation 
to any BRRD Liability of the Guarantor to any Securityholder under this Guarantee, that 
(without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due 
thereon on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person, and the issue to or conferral on 
the Securityholders of such shares securities or obligations; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the 
dates on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of this Guarantee, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
14.2 
No Non-Performance 
Neither a reduction, in part or in full, of any BRRD Liability, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantor, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantee will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Securityholders to any remedies 
(including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
14.3 
Definitions 
Bail-in Legislation means Ordinance no. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 as it may be superseded, and any 
other law or regulation relating to the transposition of the BRRD under French law. 
Bail-in Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in France, 
relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation and 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which:

--- Page 938 ---
Form of English Guarantee 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
938 
 
(a) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or of an affiliate of a bank or investment firm, to the 
extent such affiliate is capable of being subject to writedown and conversion powers under the 
Bail-In Legislation, can be reduced (in such case it may also be modified or suspended for a 
temporary period), cancelled, transferred or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of such entity or any other person; and 
(b) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank 
or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time. 
BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant Bail-in Powers in the applicable Bail-
in Legislation may be exercised. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
Powers in relation to the Guarantor. 
15. 
SEVERABILITY 
If any provision of this Deed is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any 
applicable law, such provision will to that extent be deemed not to form part of this Deed but the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Deed will not be affected. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed as a deed on behalf of the Guarantor. 
Executed as a deed by 
) 
 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
) 
 
INVESTMENT BANK 
) 
 
acting by 
) 
 
acting under the authority 
) 
 
of that company 
) 
 
in the presence of: 
) 
 
 
 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
............................................................................. 
Name: 
 
............................................................................. 
Address: 
 
.............................................................................

--- Page 939 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
939 
 
FORM OF IRISH GUARANTEE 
This section sets out a form of guarantee that is substantively in the form of the Irish law-governed guarantee 
given by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank in favour of the Securityholders of the Irish Law 
Securities or as otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on [date] (the Programme Date) by Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank (the Guarantor) in favour of the Relevant Account Holders (as defined in the Deeds of Covenant 
referred to below) and the holders for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) (the Securityholders) 
and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Securities (the Coupons, which expression shall include the 
receipts for the repayment of nominal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the Securities), the Coupons being 
attached on issue to Definitive Security(ies) (as defined below). Each Relevant Account Holder, each holder of a 
Security and each holder of a Coupon is referred to herein as a Securityholder. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (together, 
the Issuers and each an Issuer) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as 
issuer and guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement (the Programme 
Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time) dated the Programme Date with the Dealers named therein in respect of a Structured Debt 
Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which each Issuer proposes from time to time 
to issue, inter alia, securities governed by the laws of England, Ireland or France, as will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (referred to herein as the Securities), such expression to include each 
Definitive Security issued by an Issuer and each Global Security issued by an Issuer (where Definitive 
Security and Global Security have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Conditions (as defined below) 
and shall include any coupons for interest and any receipts issued in respect of Securities repayable in 
instalments).  
(B) 
Each Issuer has executed an Irish law-governed deed of covenant and an English law-governed deed of 
Covenant each dated the Programme Date (the Deed of Covenant) relating to Global Securities issued 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
(C) 
The Issuers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as issuer and guarantor) 
have entered into an amended and restated agency agreement (the Agency Agreement, which expression 
includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated the 
Programme Date with the agents named therein. 
(D) 
In respect of Securities issued on or after the Programme Date, this Guarantee replaces the deed of 
guarantee (the Previous Guarantee) dated 10 May 2023 executed by the Guarantor. 
(E) 
Terms used but not defined in this Guarantee shall have the meanings given to such defined terms in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as provided in the base prospectus relating to the Programme (the 
Conditions). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
GUARANTEE 
In respect of Securities for which "Irish law" has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in 
the Final Terms, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way of deed poll to each 
Securityholder that, if for any reason, an Issuer does not pay any sum payable by it to such Securityholder 
in respect of any Security or Coupon or under the Deeds of Covenant or, in the event that any Physical 
Settlement Amount (as defined in ETF Linked Asset Condition 2 (General Definitions relating to ETF 
Linked Securities) in respect of ETF Linked Securities, Share Linked Asset Condition 2 (General 
Definitions relating to Share Linked Securities) in respect of Share Linked Securities, Credit Linked

--- Page 940 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
940 
 
Condition 4 (Physical Settlement) in respect of Credit Linked Securities and Bond Linked Condition 6 
(Definitions) in respect of Bond Linked Securities) falls to be delivered under the Conditions, fails to pay 
and deliver such Physical Settlement Amounts in accordance with the Conditions, as the case may be, 
(including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may 
become payable under any of the foregoing) as and when the same shall become due under any of the 
foregoing, the Guarantor will within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice pay to 
such Securityholder the amount payable by the relevant Issuer to such Securityholder, or deliver any 
Physical Settlement Amounts to be paid and delivered in accordance with the Conditions by the relevant 
Issuer to such Securityholder provided that, where such amounts relate to a Secured Security and are 
payable or deliverable, as the case may be, following a Secured Security Event of Default, such amounts 
shall only become payable or deliverable by the Guarantor under this Guarantee following distribution of 
the related Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or Collateral Assets Entitlement, as the case may be, 
by the Security Trustee in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority. This Guarantee shall apply 
to all Securities issued by an Issuer on or after the Programme Date for which "Irish law" has been 
specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the Final Terms and all references herein to Securities 
shall be construed accordingly.  
Securities issued by an Issuer prior to the Programme Date shall continue to have the benefit of the 
Previous Guarantee or, if applicable, any deed of guarantee preceding the Previous Guarantee. 
2. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL DEBTOR 
Without affecting the relevant Issuer's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if 
it were the sole principal debtor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will 
its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole 
principal debtor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the relevant 
Issuer or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or 
to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on the relevant 
Issuer or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Security, 
any Coupon, the Deeds of Covenant or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of 
any such security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of the relevant Issuer or any other person or (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability 
of or any defect in any provision of any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant or any of the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under any of them). 
3. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full 
force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains payable under any Security, any 
Coupon or the Deeds of Covenant. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and 
not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a 
Securityholder, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices 
and demands whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantor's liability under this Guarantee 
in relation to any Series of Securities shall be extinguished automatically and in full following the 
replacement and substitution of the Issuer of such Series of Securities pursuant to General Condition 17 
(Substitution or Addition of an Issuer) by a Substituted Debtor. 
4. 
REPAYMENT TO THE RELEVANT ISSUER 
If any payment received by a Securityholder is, on the subsequent liquidation or insolvency of the relevant 
Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such payment will not be considered 
as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply 
as if such payment had at all times remained owing by the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 941 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
941 
 
5. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any 
sum expressed to be payable by the relevant Issuer under any Security, any Coupon or the Deeds of 
Covenant but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any Securityholder) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a 
guarantee will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Securityholder within fourteen (14) Business Days after receipt of written notice. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this Guarantee, 
gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply irrespective of any indulgence 
granted by any Securityholder. 
6. 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee will constitute an unconditional and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks (save 
for statutorily preferred exceptions) pari passu with any other existing or future unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations of the Guarantor. 
7. 
INCORPORATION OF CONDITIONS 
So long as any of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) the Guarantor will comply with the provisions applicable to it in the Conditions of the 
Securities as though the same were set out in full herein. 
8. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Securityholder that it has all 
corporate power, and has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to execute, deliver and 
perform this Guarantee, and that this Guarantee constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the 
Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
9. 
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE 
This Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of the Securityholders from time to time 
and for the time being. This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg 
Branch, for the benefit of the Securityholders until all the obligations of the Guarantor have been 
discharged in full. 
10. 
PRODUCTION OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Securityholder to the production of, and the right 
of every Securityholder to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Guarantee, and 
further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it contained herein are owed to, 
and shall be for the account of, each and every Securityholder, and that each Securityholder shall be 
entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the Guarantor. 
11. 
SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Securities, the Coupons and/or the Deeds of Covenant 
have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not by virtue of this Guarantee be subrogated to 
any rights of any Securityholder or claim in competition with the Securityholders against the relevant 
Issuer. 
12. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
12.1 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Ireland. The Guarantor and each 
Securityholder hereby agree that the Irish courts are to have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee and that accordingly any suit, action

--- Page 942 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
942 
 
or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with this Guarantee 
may be brought in such courts. 
13. 
BAIL-IN 
13.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of this Guarantee, any Security or any other agreements, arrangements 
or understandings among the Guarantor and the Securityholders, each Securityholder, by its acquisition 
of the Securities, acknowledges and accepts that a BRRD Liability arising under this Guarantee may be 
subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, 
accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation 
to any BRRD Liability of the Guarantor to any Securityholder under this Guarantee, that 
(without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability or outstanding amounts due 
thereon on a permanent basis; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the BRRD Liability into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person, and the issue to or conferral on 
the Securityholders of such shares securities or obligations; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the BRRD Liability; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of any interest, if applicable, thereon, the maturity or the 
dates on which any payments are due, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of this Guarantee, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
13.2 
No Non-Performance 
Neither a reduction, in part or in full, of any BRRD Liability, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantor, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Guarantee will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Securityholders to any remedies 
(including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
13.3 
Definitions 
Bail-in Legislation means Ordinance no. 2015-1024 of 20 August 2015 as it may be superseded, and any 
other law or regulation relating to the transposition of the BRRD under French law. 
Bail-in Powers means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any law or regulation in effect in France, 
relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation and 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which: 
(a) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or of an affiliate of a bank or investment firm, to the 
extent such affiliate is capable of being subject to Write-down and Conversion Powers under the 
Bail-In Legislation, can be reduced (in such case it may also be modified or suspended for a 
temporary period), cancelled, transferred or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of such entity or any other person; and

--- Page 943 ---
Form of Irish Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
943 
 
(b) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank 
or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time. 
BRRD Liability means a liability in respect of which the relevant Bail-in Powers in the applicable Bail-
in Legislation may be exercised. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any Bail-in 
Powers in relation to the Guarantor. 
14. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Guarantor hereby undertakes to appoint an agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of any 
Proceedings prior to the first issue of Securities and will inform Securityholders of the name and address 
of such agent in the Final Terms applicable to any such Securities. Nothing in this clause shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
15. 
SEVERABILITY 
If any provision of this Deed is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, under any 
applicable law, such provision will to that extent be deemed not to form part of this Deed but the legality, 
validity and enforceability of the remainder of this Deed will not be affected. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed as a deed on behalf of the Guarantor. 
EXECUTED as a DEED by 
)  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
) 
)  
acting by 
)  
acting under the authority 
)  
of that company 
)  
in the presence of: 
)  
Witness's Signature: 
 
………………………………………………….. 
Name: 
 
………………………………………………….. 
Address: 
 
…………………………………………………..

--- Page 944 ---
Form of French Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
944 
 
FORM OF FRENCH GUARANTEE 
This section sets out a form of guarantee that is substantively in the form of the French law-governed guarantee 
given by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank in favour of the Securityholders of the French Law 
Securities or as otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
GUARANTEE 
THIS GUARANTEE is made on [date] (the Programme Date) by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank (the Guarantor) in favour of the holders for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) 
(the Securityholders) and the interest coupons (if any) appertaining to the Securities (the Coupons, which 
expression shall include the receipts for the repayment of nominal in instalments (if any) appertaining to the 
Securities), the Coupons being attached on issue to Materialised French Securities and Definitive Materialised 
French Security(ies) (as defined below). Each holder of a Security and each holder of a Coupon is referred to 
herein as a Securityholder. 
WHEREAS: 
(A) 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions and Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (together, 
the Issuers and each an Issuer) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as 
an issuer and guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated programme agreement (the 
Programme Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time) dated the Programme Date with the Dealers named therein in respect of a 
Structured Debt Instruments Issuance Programme (the Programme) under which each Issuer proposes 
from time to time to issue, inter alia, securities governed by the laws of England, Ireland or France, as 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Securities) (where Materialised French Securities 
represented by a Temporary Global Certificate and Definitive Materialised French Security have the 
meanings ascribed thereto in the Conditions (as defined below) and shall include any coupons for interest 
and any receipts issued in respect of Securities repayable in instalments). 
(B) 
The Issuers and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (in its capacity as an issuer and 
guarantor) have entered into an amended and restated agency agreement (the Agency Agreement, which 
expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) dated 
the Programme Date with the agents named therein. 
(C) 
This Guarantee will only apply in relation to Securities issued on or after the date of this Guarantee for 
which "French law" has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
Terms used but not defined in this Guarantee shall have the meanings given to such defined terms in the 
terms and conditions of the Securities as provided in the base prospectus relating to the Programme (the 
Conditions). 
NOW THIS GUARANTEE WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
GUARANTEE 
In respect of Securities for which "French law" has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in 
the Final Terms, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Securityholder to pay 
any sum or amount payable by the Issuer in respect of any Securities or Coupon (including any premium 
or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under any of 
the foregoing), as and when the sum or amount shall become due under any of the foregoing in accordance 
with the Conditions in the same manner as if such payment was made by the Issuer. 
All references in this Guarantee to sums or amounts payable by the Issuer shall (if applicable) be to such 
sums and/or amounts as directly reduced, and/or in the case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the 
amount of such conversion, and/or otherwise modified from time to time resulting from the application 
of a bail-in power by any relevant authority and the provisions of Clause 1 shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 945 ---
Form of French Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
945 
 
In addition, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee can be subject to the application of a 
bail-in power by any relevant authority.  
This Guarantee shall apply to all Securities issued by the Issuer on or after the Programme Date for which 
"French law" has been specified as governing law for the Guarantee in the Final Terms and all references 
herein to Securities shall be construed accordingly.  
The Guarantor waives all benefits of discussion. 
The Guarantor also waives the possibility to raise or assert to the full extent permitted by law any 
objection of any nature whatsoever towards any Securityholder. In particular, the Guarantor 
acknowledges that neither the existence, nor the validity, nor the call of the Guarantee will be affected, 
and that it will not be released from its obligations, at no time, including in the event that (i) a payment 
delay, a waiver or whatever acceptance would be granted to the Issuer, (ii) the Conditions would be 
subject to an amendment, modification or other changes, or (iii) any merger or division of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, or the termination of legal or factual ties between the Guarantor and the Issuer. 
2. 
CALL OF THE GUARANTEE 
The Guarantee may be called by written notification addressed to the Guarantor by registered letter with 
an acknowledgement of receipt, by the Representative or any authorised person concerned in case there 
is no Representative or no masse. Any notification made under the Guarantee will be deemed to be 
received at the date of the first presentation of the registered letter with an acknowledgement of receipt. 
All sums due under the Guarantee will be payable in immediately available funds in the currency in which 
they are due in accordance with the Conditions. 
3. 
TERM 
The Guarantee shall come into force on the date of its signature and continue to produce its effects until 
no sums or amounts due by the Issuer under the Securities remains payable. 
4. 
SUBROGATION 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in full, the 
Guarantor shall not, by virtue of this Guarantee, be subrogated to any rights of any Securityholder or 
claim in competition with the Securityholders against the Issuer. 
5. 
STATUS OF GUARANTEE 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct unconditional unsecured 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in Article 
L. 613-30-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the law n°2016-1691 dated 9 
December 2016 on 11 December 2016 (the Law); 
(b) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law; 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and

--- Page 946 ---
Form of French Guarantee 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
946 
 
(d) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 
613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier) of the Guarantor. 
6. 
STAMP DUTY AND REGISTRATION FEES 
All stamp duty and registration fees, as well as all taxes, penalties and fees that the Guarantee and its 
performance may generate, will be borne by the Issuer. 
7. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
The Guarantee is governed by French law. Any dispute, in particular relating to its validity, its 
interpretation and its performance, will fall under the scope of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris. 
Paris, [date] 
Executed by  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
By:

--- Page 947 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
947 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS  
This section sets out a description of the Issuers. 
Description of Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
Information on Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (Crédit Agricole CIB) is set out in Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank's 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated herein by 
reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Crédit Agricole CIB is a limited liability company incorporated in France as a "société anonyme" and having its 
domicile in France. 
Except as disclosed on pages 142 to 144 of Crédit Agricole CIB's 2023 Universal Registration Document, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole CIB of the 
members of the Board of Directors or the Management Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Crédit Agricole CIB complies with the corporate governance regime of 
France. 
The objects of Crédit Agricole CIB as set out in article 3 of its Articles of Association include the power, in France 
and abroad: 
 
to enter into any banking transactions and any finance transactions, and more particularly: 
 
the receipt of funds, the granting of loans, advances, credit, financing, guarantees, carrying out standard 
collections, payment, and the collection of past due amounts, 
 
to provide financial advice particulary regarding financing, debt, subscription, issues, investments, 
acquisitions, disposals, mergers and restructurings operations, 
 
the custody, management, purchase, sale, exchange, brokerage, arbitrage of every kind of security, 
company rights, financial products, derivatives, currencies, goods, precious metals and other securities of 
any kinds, 
 
providing any investment services and related services, within the meaning ofthe French Code monétaire 
et financier and any subsequent text, 
 
to establish and to participate in any ventures, associations, corporations, by way of subscription, purchase 
of shares or equity rights, merger or in any other way, 
 
to enter into commercial, industrial, securities or real estate transactions, directly or indirectly related to 
any or all of the above purposes or to any similar or connected purposes, 
 
the foregoing, both on its own behalf and on behalf of third parties or as a partner and in any form 
whatsoever. 
Crédit Agricole CIB is dependent on the performance of its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
Description of Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
Information relating to Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions (Crédit Agricole CIB FS) is a limited liability company incorporated on 
30 December 2003 under the laws of the Republic of France as a "société anonyme" governed by a Board of 
Directors registered at the Registre du Commerce et des Société de Nanterre under the reference SIRET 
45142804900014 and having its domicile in France. Its registered office is at 12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 
92 547 Montrouge Cedex, France. Crédit Agricole CIB FS's telephone number is +33 (0) 1 41 89 65 66 and its

--- Page 948 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
948 
 
website is https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/. The information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
The objects of Crédit Agricole CIB FS as set out in article 3 of its Articles of Association include the power to 
borrow funds by way of issue of securities and financial instruments of any nature, whether guaranteed or not, to 
purchase, manage and sell any security and financial instrument, to engage in any cash management and financing 
transaction with associated companies, to engage in any transaction involving financial instruments (including 
financial futures) traded on any organised market or over-the-counter, to participate directly or indirectly in any 
transactions connected with its object by way of the creation or acquisition of new companies, capital contribution 
or subscription, purchase or securities or company share, merger or otherwise. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS finances its investments by the issuance of securities of any kind, under one or more 
programs as well as under single issuances. 
Organisational Structure / Major shareholders 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank incorporated in France, is the immediate parent company of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS with 99.80 per cent. shares and therefore controls Crédit Agricole CIB FS. Crédit Agricole CIB 
FS has no subsidiaries and is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Share Capital 
The authorised and issued fully paid up share capital of Crédit Agricole CIB FS is €225.000 divided into 2.500 
ordinary shares of €90 each.  
Business Overview/Principal Activities/Principal Markets 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS carries on business as a finance company, issuing warrants, securities and other financial 
instruments. 
Trends 
The trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments and events that may impact Crédit Agricole CIB (a description 
of which is set out on pages 166 to 167 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus – see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus) 
are potentially relevant to Crédit Agricole CIB FS.  
Administration and Management 
The Board of Directors of Crédit Agricole CIB FS consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside of Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS 
Christine CREMEL 
Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
Head 
of 
Onboarding 
and 
Transaction 
Management Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Société Indosuez Participations SA, 
represented by Frédéric NTJONO 
Director 
Assistant Director – Corporate Development & 
Participations Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Emmanuel BAPT  
Director  
Managing Director – Crédit Agricole 
Karima HAMIDOUCHE 
Director 
Executive Director – Crédit Agricole CIB.

--- Page 949 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
949 
 
Ghyslain LADRET 
Director 
Managing Director - Global Head of Macro 
Fixed Income Structuring– Crédit Agricole 
CIB. 
Benoît PLAUT 
Director 
PSEE Manager / Structuring Team - Crédit 
Agricole CIB 
Ludovic NORMAND 
Director 
Global Market Division - COO Europe - Crédit 
Agricole CIB. 
Michael CRABOS 
Director 
Head of Issuance Platform - Crédit Agricole 
CIB. 
The business address of members of the Board of Directors is 12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 92 547 
Montrouge Cedex, France for the local Directors (Christine CREMEL, Société INDOSUEZ PARTICIPATIONS 
SA, represented by Frédéric NTJONO, Emmanuel BAPT, Karima HAMIDOUCHE, Benoît PLAUT, Ludovic 
NORMAND and Michael CRABOS) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, London Branch, 
Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, London EC2A 2DA for the London Director (Ghyslain LADRET). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other duties. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Crédit Agricole CIB FS complies with the corporate governance regime 
of France. Crédit Agricole CIB FS operates under the laws of the Republic of France. 
General Meetings of Shareholders 
General meetings shall be held once at least in each calendar year. Any General Meeting convened by the Board 
unless its time has been fixed by the Company in General Meeting or unless convened pursuant to a requisition, 
may be postponed by the Board by notice in writing. 
Audit Committee 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS does not have an audit committee.

--- Page 950 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
950 
 
Description of Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Information relating to Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. (Crédit Agricole CIB FL) was incorporated in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg as a public limited liability company (société anonyme) with unlimited duration on 7 May 2018 
under the name Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. and is registered with the Luxembourg trade 
and companies register under number B224538, having its registered office at 31-33, Avenue Pasteur, L-2311 
Luxembourg. Crédit Agricole CIB FL telephone number is +35226203657 and its website is 
https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/ the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the prospectus. The Articles of Crédit Agricole CIB FL were 
filed with the Luxembourg trade and companies register and have been published in the Recueil Electronique des 
Sociétés et Associations. 
The corporate object of Crédit Agricole CIB FL as set out in article 4 of its articles of association is the direct and 
indirect investment into various assets, including via acquisition, assumption, holding, selling and trading of 
various assets, including but not limited to commodities, as well as risks relating to such assets, in any form 
whatsoever, as well as the administration, development and management of such assets and risks. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL finances its investments by the issuance of securities of any kind, under one or more 
programs as well as under single issuances. 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, Crédit Agricole CIB FL may in particular: 
 
make deposits and lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowing and/or issues of securities. 
 
enter into and perform derivatives transactions (including, but not limited to, swaps, futures, forwards 
and options, derivatives, repurchase, stock lending) and any similar transactions; 
 
enter into securities lending transactions, repo agreements and including but not limited to, other 
techniques and instruments designed to protect it against credit, currency exchange, interest rate risks and 
other risks; 
 
acquire, by any means, commodities, claims, structured deposits, receivables other goods or structured 
products relating to commodities or assets; 
 
enter into murabaha and sharia complaint transaction, whereby any asset is sold or purchase against a 
deferred payment of the notional together with a profit amount; 
 
manage, apply or otherwise use all of its assets, cash, securities or other financial instruments, and 
provide, for any kind of guarantees, liens, indemnity and security rights, by way of mortgage, pledge, 
charge or other means over the assets and rights held by Crédit Agricole CIB FL in respect of its own 
obligations and debts or those of its subsidiary or undertakings that form part of the same group to which 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL belongs or to third parties, provided that doing so is in the Issuer's interest and 
does not trigger any license requirements; 
 
issue bonds, notes, warrants, certificates, sharia compliant certificates, participating certificates or any 
other form of debt securities (including by way of participation interest) or equity securities; 
 
enter into loan agreements as borrower, including but not limited, to comply with any payment or other 
obligation it has under, any of its securities, any derivative or any agreement entered into within the 
context of its activities; 
 
lend funds including the proceeds of any borrowing and/or issues of securities and provide assistance in 
any form (including without limitation the extension of advances, loans, money deposits and credit as 
well as the provision of pledges, guarantees, liens, mortgages and any other form of security) to any of 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL's subsidiaries. On a more occasional basis, Crédit Agricole CIB FL may provide 
the same type of assistance to undertakings that form part of the same group to which Crédit Agricole

--- Page 951 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
951 
 
CIB FL belongs or to third parties, provided that doing so is in Crédit Agricole CIB FL's interest and does 
not trigger any license requirements. 
In general, Crédit Agricole CIB FL may carry out any financial or commercial transactions and engage in such 
other activities as it deems necessary, advisable, convenient, incidental to, or not inconsistent with, the 
accomplishment and development of its corporate object. 
All of the assets mentioned above may be, at any moment, in compliance with written guidelines relating to the 
Sharia principles. 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Organisational Structure/Major Shareholders 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank incorporated in France, is the immediate parent company of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL with 100.00 per cent. shares and therefore controls Crédit Agricole CIB FL. Crédit Agricole CIB 
FL has no subsidiaries and is dependent on Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Share Capital 
The share capital of Crédit Agricole CIB FL is EUR 30,000 divided into 30,000 shares in registered form (the 
Issuer Shares), all of which are fully paid. Each Issuer Share is entitled to one vote. All the shares in Crédit 
Agricole CIB FL are held by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank. 
Business Overview/Principal Activities/Principal Markets 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL carries on business as a finance company, issuing warrants, securities and other financial 
instruments. 
Trends 
The trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments and events that may impact Crédit Agricole CIB (a description 
of which is set out on pages 166 to 167 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus – see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus) 
are potentially relevant to Crédit Agricole CIB FL.  
Administration and Management 
The Board of Directors of Crédit Agricole CIB FL consists of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside of Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
Jérôme WEISS 
Director 
Managing Director - Head of ALM Execution Management 
Group / FIX-EXM-ALM. 
Lukasz MALECKI 
Director 
Director at Alter Domus. 
Stefan SCHMITZ 
Director 
Manager at Alter Domus. 
 
The business addresses of the local Directors are: 15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 Luxembourg for Lukasz 
MALECKI and 31-33 Avenue Pasteur, L-2311 Luxembourg for Stefan SCHMITZ. The business address is 12 
place des États-Unis, CS 70052, 92 547 Montrouge Cedex, France for the French Director (Jérôme WEISS). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to Crédit Agricole CIB FL 
of the members of the Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 952 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
952 
 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, Crédit Agricole CIB FL complies with the corporate governance regime 
of Luxembourg. Crédit Agricole CIB FL operates under the laws of Luxembourg. 
General Meetings of Shareholders 
General meetings shall be held once at least in each calendar year. Any General Meeting convened by the Board 
unless its time has been fixed by Crédit Agricole CIB FL in General Meeting or unless convened pursuant to a 
requisition, may be postponed by the Board by notice in writing. 
Audit Committee 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL does not have an audit committee.

--- Page 953 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
953 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
This section sets out the procedures relating to the clearing of certain Securities. 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or CMU (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be reliable, but none of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any Dealer takes any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are 
advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the Relevant Clearing 
System. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Securities held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the relevant Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered 
pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (Participants) deposit 
with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and 
pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants' accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, 
Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Access to the DTC System is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC makes 
book-entry transfers of Registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to 
U.S. Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Securities) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of nominal and interest on DTC Securities. The Rules are on file with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners 
of DTC Securities (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, 
although Owners who hold DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess 
Registered Securities, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities. 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Security (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of 
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual

--- Page 954 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
954 
 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue 
to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Securities. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the relevant Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy 
assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Securities 
are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Nominal and interest payments on the DTC Securities will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the relevant Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of nominal and interest to DTC is the responsibility 
of the relevant Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and 
disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the U.S. Securities, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Securities for Definitive Registered Securities, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Security, will be 
legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its Registered Securities from DTC as 
described below. 
The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York NY 10041-0099, USA. 
Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates 
the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
account holders. Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their systems across which their respective participants 
may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear, Euroclear France and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear 
through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium.

--- Page 955 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
955 
 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12 Place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group and a limited liability company incorporated in 
Finland. It is authorised and regulated by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority as a central securities 
depository clearing organisation within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (in Finnish: laki arvoosuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, as amended). 
Finnish Securities will be issued in registered and dematerialized book-entry form with Euroclear Finland in 
accordance with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts (in Finnish: Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991, as 
amended) and the Finnish CSD Rules. No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in 
global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Finnish Securities other than as specifically 
allowed in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
All transactions relating to the Finnish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and 
other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerized book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order 
to effect such entries holders must establish a book entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
acting as an account operator with Euroclear Finland. More information regarding Euroclear Finland and its rules 
and operating procedures can be found at its internet web site at http://www.euroclear.eu. 
The address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland Oy, (PO Box 1110), Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, 00100 
Helsinki, Finland. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies and a limited liability company 
incorporated in Sweden. It is authorised and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Authority as a central securities 
depository within the meaning of the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
(Accounts) Act (1998:1479 (as amended)) and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish 
Securities Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)). 
Swedish Securities will be issued in registered, unnoted and dematerialized book-entry form with Euroclear 
Sweden in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments 
(whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish Securities other than as 
specifically allowed in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and 
other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerized book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order 
to effect such entries holders must establish a book entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
acting as an account operator with Euroclear Sweden. More information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules 
and operating procedures can be found at its internet web site at http://www.euroclear.eu.  
The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden AB, Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 
Stockholm, Sweden. 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
EUI Securities 
The EUI Securities are participating securities for the purposes of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, 
including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the EUI Regulations). Title to the 
EUI Securities is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate securities. The EUI Agent acting on behalf 
of the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI Securities, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in 
accordance with the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (EUI or 
CREST) (the Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of

--- Page 956 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
956 
 
corporate securities in accordance with the rules and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this 
requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of 
EUI Securities shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI Securities for 
all purposes (and the expression EUI Holder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to 
be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the 
EUI Agent maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate securities 
relating to the EUI Securities. No provision of the Conditions of any EUI Securities shall apply or have effect to 
the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (i) the holding of title to EUI Securities (ii) the transfer of title 
to EUI Securities by means of a relevant system or (iii) the EUI Regulations. Without prejudice to the generality 
of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in the Conditions of any EUI Securities, so long 
as the EUI Securities are participating securities, (a) any EUI Securities which are not for the time being in all 
respects identical to, or do not for the time being have rights attached thereto identical in all respects to those 
attached to, other EUI Securities of the same Series shall be deemed to constitute a separate Series of EUI 
Securities, (b) the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the EUI Securities shall be maintained at all 
times in the United Kingdom, (c) the EUI Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and 
subject as provided in the Regulations; and (d) for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions of any EUI Securities 
shall remain applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such EUI Securities. 
As used herein each of "Operator register of corporate securities", "participating securities", "record of 
uncertificated corporate securities" and "relevant system" is as defined in the EUI Regulations and the relevant 
"Operator" (as such term is used in the EUI Regulations) is EUI or any additional or alternative operator from time 
to time approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the EUI Agent in relation to the EUI Securities and in accordance 
with the EUI Regulations. Any reference herein to the Operator shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any such additional or alternative Operator from time to time and notified to the EUI 
Holders. Any indication herein that the Operator "shall" do, or similar expressions or phrases indicating that they 
are obliged to or will carry out any role or obligation described in these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms, as the case may be, is given without any assumption by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the EUI Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, of responsibility or liability for the performance of the Operator.  
The address of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited is 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) 
The address of Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is Tollbugata 2, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
CREST Depository Interests  
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST) by means of the creation of 
dematerialised depository interests (CREST Depository Interests or CDIs) representing the interests in the 
relevant Securities (Underlying Securities). Such delivery, holding and settlement is governed, inter alia, by the 
terms of the CREST Manual issued by CREST (as the same may be amended, modified, varied or supplemented 
from time to time, the CREST Manual). The CREST Depository Interests will be issued by CREST Depository 
Limited or any successor thereto (the CREST Depository) to holders of the CREST Depository Interests and will 
be constituted and governed by English law. CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed 
to act as nominee in accordance with the CREST Deed Poll (as defined below) (the CREST Nominee) will hold 
the legal title to the Underlying Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
The CREST Depository Interests will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the 
Underlying Securities. Pursuant to the CREST Manual, Securities held in global form by the Common Depositary 
may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CREST Depository Interests. The CREST 
Depository Interests will be independent securities which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CREST 
Depository Interests to the relevant CREST participants.

--- Page 957 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
957 
 
Each CREST Depository Interest will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Security, 
for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to holders of CREST Depository Interests any interest or other amounts received by it as 
holder of the Underlying Securities on trust for such holder. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will also be 
able to receive from CREST notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CREST Depository Interests and transfer of an interest in such 
Securities underlying the CREST Depository Interests to the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The CREST Depository Interests will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the Underlying 
Securities and will not require a separate listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List of the 
FCA. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as contained 
in the CREST Manual) which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST 
Depository (the CREST Deed Poll). The rights of the holder of CREST Depository Interests will be governed by 
the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including the CREST 
Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of Securities 
which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
If issued, CREST Depository Interests will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (the CREST International Settlement Links Service). The settlement of 
the CREST Depository Interests by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following 
consequences for holders of CREST Depository Interests:  
(i) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Securities. The 
CREST Depository Interests are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities to which they 
relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Securities; 
(ii) 
the Underlying Securities themselves (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing 
indirect interests in such Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian 
will hold the Underlying Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the Underlying Securities will 
be held through custodial and depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to 
the Underlying Securities or to interests in the Underlying Securities will depend on the rules of the 
clearing system in or through which the Underlying Securities are held; 
(iii) 
rights under the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement 
of rights under the Underlying Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of holders of CREST Depository Interests to the Underlying Securities are 
represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) 
holds interests in the Underlying Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of 
any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities 
held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries; 
(iv) 
the CREST Depository Interests issued to holders of CREST Depository Interests will be constituted and 
issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual) and such holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions; 
(v) 
the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for the avoidance of doubt the 
provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain indemnities, warranties,

--- Page 958 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
958 
 
representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository Interests and limitations 
on the liability of the issuer of the CREST Depository Interests, the CREST Depository; 
(vi) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The 
attention of holders is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for 
the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules), copies 
of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 
849 0000 or from the CREST website at: https://www.euroclear.com/en.html; 
(vii) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the 
CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may 
be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Securities through the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service; 
(viii) 
neither the Issuer, the Dealers, the Guarantor or the EUI Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations; and 
(ix) 
Securities issued in temporary global form exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer Security will not 
be eligible for CREST settlement as CREST Depository Interests. As such, investors investing in the 
Underlying Securities through CREST Depository Interests will only receive the CREST Depository 
Interests after such Temporary Bearer Global Security is exchanged for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security, which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Securities. 
Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the CMU Service) 
The CMU Service is a central depositary service provided by the Central Moneymarkets Unit of the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority for the safe custody and electronic trading between the members of this service ("CMU 
Members") of securities and capital markets instruments (together, "CMU Instruments") which are specified in 
the CMU Service Reference Manual as capable of being held within the CMU Service. 
The CMU Service is only available for CMU Instruments issued by a CMU Member or by a person for whom a 
CMU Member acts as agent for the purposes of lodging instruments issued by such persons. Membership of the 
CMU Service is open to all financial institutions regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the Securities 
and Futures Commission, the Insurance Authority or the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. For 
further details on the full range of the CMU's custodial services, please refer to the CMU Reference Manual. 
The CMU has an income distribution service which is a service offered by the CMU to facilitate the distribution 
of interest, coupon or redemption proceeds by CMU Members who are paying agents to the legal title holders of 
CMU Instruments via the CMU system. Furthermore, the CMU has a corporate action platform which allows an 
issuer (or its agent) to make an announcement/notification of a corporate action and noteholders to submit the 
relevant certification. For further details, please refer to the CMU Reference Manual. 
An investor holding an interest through an account with either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in any 
Securities held in the CMU Service will hold that interest through the respective accounts which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg each have with the CMU Service. 
The address of the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service is Hong Kong Monetary Authority, 55th Floor, Two 
International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The relevant Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global 
Security, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of

--- Page 959 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
959 
 
the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Security to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Security will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Security, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Security 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records 
maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct 
Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of nominal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Security accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Security. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment 
for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Security in the currency in which 
such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited 
to the applicable Participants' account. 
The relevant Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that 
it will not receive payment on such payment date. The relevant Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case 
with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the relevant Issuer. Payment of nominal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Securities to DTC is the responsibility of the relevant Issuer. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Registered Global Security within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the 
relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive 
form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on 
behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security accepted by DTC to pledge such Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC 
system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Securities may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Securities for Securities in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Security accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Securities may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Securities is not eligible to hold such Securities through a direct or indirect participant 
in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Securities described under 
"Subscription and Sale", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing 
system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any 
custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered Global Securities have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Securities of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date two (2) business days after the trade date (T+2) and transfers of Notes of such 
Series between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date one business day after the trade date 
(T+1). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Securities will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and

--- Page 960 ---
Book-Entry Clearance Systems 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
960 
 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery 
basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Securities 
represented by Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests.

--- Page 961 ---
Taxation 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
961 
 
TAXATION 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to the Securities 
The tax legislation of the Securityholders' member state and of the relevant Issuer's country of 
incorporation may have an impact on the income received from the Securities. All prospective 
Securityholders should seek independent advice as to their tax position. 
In addition, certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly referred to as FATCA, require a 30% withholding tax on 
certain US source payments as well as certain payments made by non-US entities to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting or related requirements. Securityholders should consult their own tax advisers 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Securities. 
GENERAL TAXATION 
Exchange of tax information 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has developed a common reporting 
standard (CRS) to achieve a comprehensive and multilateral automatic exchange of information (AEOI) on a 
global basis. On 9 December 2014, Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards 
mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation (the Euro-CRS Directive) was adopted in 
order to implement the CRS among the member states of the European Union. 
Under the CRS Law, the exchange of information will be applied by 30 September of each year for information 
related to the preceding calendar year. Under the Euro-CRS Directive, the AEOI must be applied by 30 September 
of each year to the local tax authorities of the Member States for the data relating to the preceding calendar year. 
In addition, France and Luxembourg signed the OECD's multilateral competent authority agreement (Multilateral 
Agreement) to automatically exchange information under the CRS. The Multilateral Agreement aims to 
implement the CRS among non-Member States; it requires agreements on a country-by-country basis. 
DAC 6 Directive 
On 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Directive 2018/822/EU (the DAC 6 
Directive) introducing mandatory disclosure rules for intermediaries. Depending on the transposition of the DAC 
6 Directive in the domestic laws, the Securities may qualify as "reportable arrangements" based on certain criteria 
defined by the DAC 6 Directive ("hallmarks") and may be subject to disclosure to the tax authorities. 
The French and the other EU Member States' tax authorities can exchange the information automatically within 
the EU through a centralised database open to all EU Member States' tax authorities and the EU Commission. 
TAXATION IN FRANCE 
The following is an overview of certain tax considerations in France relating to the Securities that may be issued 
under the Programme by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS only. This overview is based on the tax 
laws and regulations as in force in France and applied by the French tax authorities at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all of which are subject to change or to different interpretation (with possible retroactive effect). 
This overview is for general information and does not purport to address all French tax considerations that may be 
relevant to specific holders of Securities in light of their particular situation. Prospective holders or beneficial 
owners of the Securities are advised to consult their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences of any investment in, ownership of, or transactions involving the Securities. 
Withholding taxes on Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
The withholding tax treatment of the Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB and Crédit Agricole CIB FS will 
depend on their nature and characterisation for French tax purposes. 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS constituting debt instruments for French tax 
purposes

--- Page 962 ---
Taxation 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
962 
 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to holders of Securities who do not concurrently hold shares in Crédit Agricole 
CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS. 
Payments of interest and assimilated income with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS which constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes will not be subject to the withholding 
tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such payments are made outside 
France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-
0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in Article 238-
0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the French Code général des impôts. If such payments under such Securities are made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the French Code 
général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (regardless of the tax residence of the holders 
of Securities and subject to certain exceptions and to the provisions of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue 
of Article 125 A, III of the French Code général des impôts. The list of Non-Cooperative States is published by a 
ministerial executive order and is generally updated on an annual basis. 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and assimilated income 
with respect to such Securities will not be deductible from Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS's taxable 
income if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an 
account held with a financial institution established in a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). 
Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and assimilated income may be recharacterised as 
constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such 
non-deductible interest and assimilated income may be subject to the withholding tax provided by Article 119 bis 
2 of the French Code général des impôts, at (a) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who 
are not French tax residents, (b) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 
219-I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2023) 
for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (c) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments 
made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis, 2° of the 
French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the provisions of an applicable double tax 
treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Securities if the 
relevant Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of such Securities were not that of allowing 
the payments of interest and assimilated income to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant 
to the official guidelines issued by the French tax authorities (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30, no. 150 and BOI-INT-DG-
20-50-20 no.°290), an issue of such Securities will benefit from the Exception without the relevant Issuer having 
to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Securities, if such Securities are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this 
purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer 
document by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign 
entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in 
a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
payment systems operator as referred to in Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, or 
of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France

--- Page 963 ---
Taxation 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
963 
 
Pursuant to Article 125 A, I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent (établissement 
payeur) is established in France), subject to certain exceptions, interest and assimilated income received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding 
tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has 
been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and assimilated income received by individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS not constituting debt instruments for French 
tax purposes 
Payments with respect to Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB or Crédit Agricole CIB FS which do not 
constitute debt instruments for French tax purposes should not be subject to, or should be exempt from, withholding 
tax in France provided that the relevant holder of such Securities is resident for tax purposes in France or in a 
country which has entered into an appropriate double tax treaty with France and fulfils the relevant requirements 
set out in such double tax treaty. 
Furthermore, payments in respect of such Securities may, in certain circumstances, be non-deductible (in whole 
or in part) for French tax purposes if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-
Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative 
State. Under certain conditions, and subject to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty, 
such non-deductible payments may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. 
of the French Code général des impôts and subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the 
French Code général des impôts at a rate of up to 75 per cent. 
Potential purchasers of Securities who are resident for tax purposes in a country which has not entered into an 
appropriate double tax treaty with France or who are domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State are 
advised to consult their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of any investment in, ownership of or transactions involving the Securities. 
Transfer tax and other taxes 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which may be settled or redeemed by way of physical 
delivery of (i) certain French listed shares (or certain assimilated securities) or (ii) securities representing such 
listed shares (or assimilated securities). 
Pursuant to Article 235 ter ZD of the French Code général des impôts, a financial transaction tax (the French 
FTT) is applicable to any acquisition for consideration, resulting in a transfer of ownership, of (i) an equity security 
(titre de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A of the French Code monétaire et financier or an assimilated 
equity security (titre de capital assimilé) as defined by Article L.211-41 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange where the said security is issued by a company whose 
registered office is located in France and whose market capitalisation exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of 
the year preceding the year in which the imposition occurs (the French Shares) or (ii) a security (titre) 
representing the French Shares (irrespective of the location of the registered office of the issuer of such security). 
The French FTT could apply in certain circumstances to the acquisition of French Shares (or securities representing 
the French Shares) in connection with the exercise, settlement or redemption of any Securities. 
There are a number of exemptions from the French FTT and investors should consult their counsel to identify 
whether they can benefit from them. 
The rate of the French FTT is 0.3 per cent. of the acquisition value of the French Shares (or securities representing 
the French Shares).  
If the French FTT applies to an acquisition of shares, this transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de 
mutation à titre onéreux) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale of shares issued by a company 
whose registered office is located in France, provided that in case of shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, 
transfer taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by a written deed or agreement.

--- Page 964 ---
Taxation 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
964 
 
TAXATION IN LUXEMBOURG  
The statements herein regarding withholding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
The following information is of a general nature only, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal 
or tax advice, and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. In particular, such information 
does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Securities that are redeemable in exchange for, or convertible 
into, shares. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of the Securities should consult its tax advisor with 
respect to particular circumstances, the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg law, to which 
they may be subject and as to their tax position, as a result of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Securities. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a similar tax, 
or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding tax 
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of interest paid to Luxembourg 
resident individual holders of the Securities, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) or upon repayment of principal or premium in case of reimbursement, 
redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Securities. 
Luxembourg non-residents 
Under Luxembourg tax laws currently in effect, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax under the Securities on 
payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon repayment of principal or premium in case of reimbursement, 
redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Securities. 
Luxembourg residents 
Subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is under Luxembourg 
tax laws currently in effect no Luxembourg withholding tax under the Securities on payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) made to resident holders of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon repayment of principal or premium in case of reimbursement, redemption, repurchase or exchange of the 
Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in 
Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg are subject to a withholding tax 
of 20 per cent. as of 1 January 2017. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.

--- Page 965 ---
Taxation 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
965 
 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Each purchaser or holder of a Security shall be deemed to have represented by such purchase and/or 
holding that it is not a benefit plan investor, is not using the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire the 
Securities, and shall not at any time hold such Securities for or on behalf of a benefit plan investor. For the 
purposes hereof, "benefit plan investor" means (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, (ERISA)), that is subject to Title 
I of ERISA (b) a plan described in Section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
or (c) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's investment in the entity 
under U.S. Department of Labor Regulations § 2510.3-101 (29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101), as amended by Section 
3(42) of ERISA.

--- Page 966 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
966 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions regarding who can purchase the Securities in certain 
jurisdictions. 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated on or about 10 May 2024 (the 
Programme Agreement), agreed with the relevant Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time 
to time agree to purchase Securities. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the 
Securities" and "Terms and Conditions of the Securities". In the Programme Agreement, the relevant Issuer has 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and 
the issue of Securities under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, references to the Securities include both the Securities 
and the Guarantee, where applicable. 
UNITED STATES TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities that are located in the United States or that 
are U.S. persons are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other 
transfer of such Securities. 
Each purchaser of Registered Securities or person wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global 
Security to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and 
agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph shall have the meaning assigned to them in Rule 144A, Regulation 
S and the rules and regulations thereunder, as applicable): 
(a) 
that it has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus 
relating to the Securities, has carefully read this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement to this 
Base Prospectus and understands the risks relating to its purchase of the Securities. The purchaser has 
such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of an investment in the Securities. The purchaser understands that its investment in the Securities 
is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including the possible loss of the purchaser's entire 
investment, and the purchaser is financially able to bear such loss; 
(b) 
that either (i) with respect to U.S. Securities, it is (1) a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its 
own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A or (2) it is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and it is not 
purchasing (or holding) the U.S. Securities for the account or benefit of a U.S. person or (ii) with respect 
to Non-U.S. Securities, it is located outside the United States and is a Permitted Transferee; 
(c) 
that (i) the Issuers have not been and will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) no 
person has registered or will register as a commodity pool operator of the relevant Issuer under the CEA 
and the CEA Rules, (iii) the Securities and the Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not 
involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, (iv) the 
Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. 
State securities laws, (v) the Non-U.S. Securities may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred at any time except in an "Offshore Transaction" (as such term is defined under Regulation S) 
to or for the account of a Permitted Transferee and (vi) the U.S. Securities may not be offered or sold in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(d) 
that, in cases where it holds an interest in a U.S. Security, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such U.S. Security, it will do so only (A) to Crédit Agricole CIB or any affiliate thereof, 
(B) inside the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (C) 
outside the United States to a non-U.S. person in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the 
Securities Act or (D) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case 
in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws;

--- Page 967 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
967 
 
(e) 
it understands and agrees that the relevant Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of 
an interest in the Securities (other than U.S. Securities) to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial 
owner is, or is acting for the account or benefit of, a Permitted Transferee; 
(f) 
it understands and acknowledges that the relevant Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of 
an interest in the Securities in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Securities; 
(g) 
it understands and acknowledges that the relevant Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware 
that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Security (other than a U.S. Security) is held by a person 
who is not a Permitted Transferee to require such person to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of such 
Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law) or (ii) a person who is a Permitted Transferee;  
(h) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions will be void ab initio 
and, except with respect to U.S. Securities, will not operate to transfer any rights to a person who is not a 
Permitted Transferee; 
(i) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities from it of the 
resale restrictions herein and include as part of such transaction any legends or other disclosure required 
by such restrictions, if then applicable; 
(j) 
that Securities initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Securities and that Securities offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Securities; 
(k) 
that the Rule 144A Global Securities representing U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB will bear 
a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND OTHER 
THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES TO THE 
REGISTRAR A DULY EXECUTED INVESTMENT LETTER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, OR (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A NON-U.S. 
PERSON IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN 
EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
(ERISA), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR

--- Page 968 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
968 
 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A SIMILAR LAW PLAN) WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON U.S. 
OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE 
SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (DTC), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, 
AND ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY 
OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH 
OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND."; 
(l) 
that the Rule 144A Securities in definitive form representing U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole 
CIB will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the relevant Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER

--- Page 969 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
969 
 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND 
ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) 
REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE SECURITIES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE 
SECURITIES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND OTHER 
THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES 
TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER AND THAT, PRIOR TO SUCH TRANSFER, FURNISHES TO THE 
REGISTRAR A DULY EXECUTED INVESTMENT LETTER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, OR (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A NON-U.S. 
PERSON IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN 
EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE 
SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY. " 
(m) 
with respect to U.S. Securities, if it is outside the U.S. and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or 
otherwise transfer the U.S. Securities, it will do so only (a)(i) outside the U.S. to a Non-U.S. person in 
compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A 
and (b) in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the U.S. 
Securities represented by Regulation S Securities either in global or definitive form will bear a legend to 
the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by Crédit Agricole CIB: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER

--- Page 970 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
970 
 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE AGENCY AGREEMENT) 
AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT. SALES MAY NOT BE MADE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS 
MADE TO "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS 
PURSUANT TO, RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.  
TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IF THE ISSUER DETERMINES THAT 
ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (i) IS A U.S. PERSON THAT IS 
NOT A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER OR (ii) PURCHASED THIS SECURITY IN 
BREACH OF THE DEEMED OR ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER 
UPON THE PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY, THE ISSUER MAY (a) REDEEM THIS SECURITY 
AT THE EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT OR (b) REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER 
OR HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A 
PERSON WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, WITH 
SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 DAYS AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH SALE 
REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN. IF SUCH SALE IS NOT EFFECTED WITHIN SUCH 30 DAYS, UPON 
WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE WILL BE AUTHORISED TO 
CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH SECURITIES TO A PERSON 
WHO IS EITHER A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, AND, PENDING 
TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN RESPECT OF SUCH SECURITIES 
OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
(ERISA), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A SIMILAR LAW PLAN) WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON U.S. 
OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON 
THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF 
THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-8 (OR 
SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT A "UNITED 
STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(A)(30) OF THE CODE) MAY 
RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE HOLDER IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY.

--- Page 971 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
971 
 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER 
OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, REFERENCES TO THE SECURITY HEREIN INCLUDE BOTH THE 
SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE ON THE SECURITIES. 
UNLESS THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE 
OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION, (DTC), TO THE 
ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, 
AND ANY REGISTERED SECURITY ISSUED IN EXCHANGE FOR THIS GLOBAL SECURITY 
OR ANY PORTION HEREOF IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH 
OTHER NAME AS IS REQUIRED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY 
PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE 
HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON OTHER THAN DTC OR A 
NOMINEE THEREOF IS WRONGFUL IN AS MUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, 
CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR A 
SECURITY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN THE DEPOSITORY 
TRUST COMPANY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES 
SET FORTH IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, IN WHOLE OR 
IN PART, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND. BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LEGEND."; 
(n) 
with respect to Non-U.S. Securities, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer any Non-U.S. Securities 
at any time, it will do so only to a Permitted Transferee outside the U.S. in compliance with Rule 903 or 
904 under the Securities Act; and it acknowledges that the Non-U.S. Securities in global form will bear 
a legend to the following effect: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY U.S. STATE OR JURISDICTION, AND THE 
ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE INVESTMENT COMPANY 
ACT).  
EACH PERSON WHO PURCHASES OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRES AN INTEREST IN THIS 
SECURITY IS DEEMED TO (1) REPRESENT THAT IT IS NOT (A) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S; (B) A PERSON OTHER THAN A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS 
DEFINED AS DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 4.7 UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
(EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF CFTC RULE 4.7(A)(1)(IV)(D) THE EXCEPTION FOR 
QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS); (C) A 
"U.S. PERSON" AS DESCRIBED IN THE "INTERPRETATIVE GUIDANCE AND POLICY 
STATEMENT REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN SWAP REGULATIONS" 
PROMULGATED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION; OR (D) ANY

--- Page 972 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
972 
 
OTHER "U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM MAY BE DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR IN 
REGULATIONS OR GUIDANCE ADOPTED UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, 
IN EACH CASE AS SUCH DEFINITION MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (EACH 
SUCH PERSON, A NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE), (2) AGREE THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, 
SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH INTEREST EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND, OTHER THAN (A) TO THE ISSUER, OR (B) OUTSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON OTHER THAN A NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) AGREE THAT 
IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A 
NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND AND (D) UNDERSTAND THAT 
THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS OR ACCOUNTHOLDERS HOLDING 
POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES FROM EUROCLEAR OR CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG. 
TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, 
WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE 
ISSUER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IF THE ISSUER DETERMINES THAT 
ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY (i) IS A NON-PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE, OR (ii) PURCHASED THIS SECURITY IN BREACH OF THE DEEMED OR 
ACTUAL REPRESENTATIONS GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER UPON THE PURCHASE OF THIS 
SECURITY, THE ISSUER MAY (a) REDEEM THIS SECURITY AT THE EARLY REDEMPTION 
AMOUNT OR (b) REQUIRE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER OR HOLDER SELL ALL OF ITS 
RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN THIS SECURITY TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A NON-
PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE 
IN 
AN 
OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION 
MEETING 
THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, WITH SUCH SALE TO BE EFFECTED WITHIN 30 DAYS 
AFTER NOTICE OF SUCH SALE REQUIREMENT IS GIVEN. IF SUCH SALE IS NOT EFFECTED 
WITHIN SUCH 30 DAYS, UPON WRITTEN DIRECTION FROM THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE 
WILL BE AUTHORISED TO CONDUCT A COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE SALE OF SUCH 
SECURITIES TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE IN AN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S, AND, 
PENDING TRANSFER, NO FURTHER PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE IN RESPECT OF SUCH 
SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN. 
THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
TO AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
(ERISA), SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), APPLIES, AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS 
INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR 
PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY, OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON U.S. 
PLAN (A SIMILAR LAW PLAN) WHICH IS SUBJECT TO FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON U.S. 
OR OTHER LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 
4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS). 
THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE ISSUER AND ANY PAYING AGENT WITH THE 
APPROPRIATE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CERTIFICATIONS (GENERALLY, A U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE FORM W-9 (OR SUCCESSOR APPLICABLE FORM) IN THE 
CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE CODE OR AN APPLICABLE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
FORM W-8 (OR SUCCESSOR APPROPRIATE FORM) IN THE CASE OF A PERSON THAT IS NOT 
A "UNITED STATES PERSON" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 7701(a)(30) OF THE 
CODE) MAY RESULT IN U.S. FEDERAL BACK-UP WITHHOLDING FROM PAYMENTS TO THE 
HOLDER IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY.

--- Page 973 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
973 
 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE, AS AMENDED." 
(o) 
that the relevant Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the relevant 
Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents 
that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Rule 144A Securities in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$100,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Rule 144A Security will be issued in connection with such 
a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person 
for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) of Registered 
Securities. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers. Any such modification may be set out in the subscription agreement 
(if applicable) in respect of the Tranche to which it is related or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. For the 
avoidance of doubt, references to the Securities herein include both the Securities and the Guarantee. 
United States 
The Securities and any Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) under the Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (CEA).  
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in the 
United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Securities. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the Securities do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, 
and neither trading in the Securities nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. 
The Non-U.S. Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United 
States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person that is (i) a "U.S. Person" as defined in 
Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 under 
the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for 
qualified eligible persons who are not Non-United States persons); (iii) a "U.S. Person" as described in the 
"Interpretative Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations" 
promulgated by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission; or (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term 
may be defined in regulations or guidance adopted under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, in each case as such 
definition may be amended from time to time (each such person, a Non-Permitted Transferee). Transfers of Non-
U.S. Securities within the United States or to any person other than a person who is a Permitted Transferee are 
prohibited. Any transfer of Non-U.S. Securities to a Non-Permitted Transferee will be void ab initio and of no 
legal effect whatsoever. Accordingly, any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a 
Security in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in 
such Security. 
In connection with any U.S. Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB which are offered or sold outside the United 
States in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under 
Regulation S, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme

--- Page 974 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
974 
 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver 
such U.S. Securities (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Tranche of U.S. Securities of which such U.S. Securities are a part, as determined and 
certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a 
syndicated issue, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any U.S. Securities during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the U.S. Securities within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of a Tranche of U.S. Securities which are offered or sold 
outside the United States, an offer or sale of such U.S. Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether 
or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or 
sale is made otherwise than in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Dealers may arrange for the resale of U.S. Securities to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act, and 
each such purchaser of U.S. Securities is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate nominal 
amount of U.S. Securities which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the 
approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent that Crédit Agricole CIB is not subject to or 
does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information 
furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, Crédit Agricole CIB has agreed to furnish to holders of 
U.S. Securities and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may 
be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Securities, including physically settled Securities, Credit Linked Securities, Commodity Linked 
Securities or Index Linked Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling and transfer restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Securities. 
U.S. Tax Selling Restrictions  
Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
tax regulations. 
Securities that constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982, the U.S. Tax Code, or U.S. Treasury regulations and are not considered to be in 
"registered form" for U.S. federal income tax purposes (TEFRA Securities) are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to or for the 
account or benefit of a United States person except in certain circumstances, including compliance with (i) U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Tax Code (the TEFRA D Rules), or (ii) U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Tax Code (the TEFRA C Rules). 
With respect to TEFRA Securities issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, the Issuer and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
required restricted period it will not offer or sell such TEFRA Securities to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person and (ii) it has not delivered and agrees that it 
will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Securities that are TEFRA Securities that will 
be sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling such TEFRA Securities are

--- Page 975 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
975 
 
aware that such TEFRA Securities may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who 
is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to the extent permitted 
under the TEFRA D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring such TEFRA Securities for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance, and if it retains such TEFRA Securities for its own account, it will do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the TEFRA D Rules; and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires such TEFRA Securities from the Issuer or a 
Dealer for the purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Securities during the restricted period, the 
Issuer or Dealer either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in Paragraphs 
(a), (b) and (c) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such 
affiliate or distributor for the benefit of the Issuer or Dealer the representations and agreements contained 
in such Paragraphs. 
With respect to TEFRA Securities issued in compliance with the TEFRA C Rules, the Issuer and each Dealer have 
represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such TEFRA 
Securities within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance; and 
(ii) 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser 
if it is within the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its U.S. office, if any, in the offer 
or sale of such TEFRA Securities. 
Terms used in this Section shall have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, (U.S. Tax Code) and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the TEFRA D 
and TEFRA C Rules. 
The Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010 repealed the TEFRA D Rules for TEFRA Securities 
issued after 18 March 2012. However, in Notice 2012-20, the U.S. Department of Treasury and the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service indicated that they intend to provide in regulations that rules identical to the TEFRA D Rules 
will apply to non-U.S. issuers of TEFRA Securities for purposes of establishing an exemption from the excise tax 
imposed by Section 4701 of the U.S. Tax Code. (The amount of the excise tax is one per cent. of the principal 
amount of the obligation, multiplied by the number of calendar years until the obligation reaches maturity.) 
Consequently, TEFRA Securities issued in accordance with the TEFRA D and TEFRA C Rules should continue 
to be treated as "foreign targeted obligations" that are exempt from the excise tax. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors Without KID", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
EEA without an updated key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 976 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
976 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" or a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors Without KID", in relation to each 
Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such 
Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of the Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any Securities in any Relevant State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Securities; and  
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell

--- Page 977 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
977 
 
or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors Without KID", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
UK without an updated key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" or a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors Without KID", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 
of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 978 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
978 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities issued by Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL having a 
maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of Crédit Agricole CIB, would 
not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the relevant Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
and 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Andorra  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Securities may only be offered, sold or distributed in the Principality of 
Andorra in accordance with the requirements set forth by the laws of Andorra, in particular, Law 7/2013, of 13 
May, on the legal regime of the bodies operating in the financial system and others dispositions that rules the 
exercise of financial activities in the Principality of Andorra (“Llei 7/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre el règim jurídic 
de les entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà i altres disposicions que regulen l’exercici de les activitats 
financeres al Principat d’Andorra.” – hereinafter “Law 7/2013”), and Law 8/2013, of 9 May, on the organisational 
requirements and operating conditions of the operating entities in the Andorran financial system, the investor 
protection, the market abuse and financial securities agreements (“Llei 8/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre els requisits 
organitzatius i les condicions de funcionament de les entitats operatives del sistema financer, la protecció de 
l'inversor, l'abús de mercat i els acords de garantia financera” – hereinafter “Law 8/2013”) as well as any other 
related regulation that may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated governing 
the issue, offer and sale of securities in Andorra.  
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (Corporations 
Act)) in relation to the Programme or any Securities has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission (ASIC) or other licenced securities exchange in Australia. Crédit Agricole CIB, Hong 
Kong Branch, Crédit Agricole CIB, Singapore Branch and Crédit Agricole CIB, Australian Branch has each 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme in respect of any sale

--- Page 979 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
979 
 
or offer of Securities or distribution of the Base Prospectus in Australia will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree that it: 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not (directly or indirectly) offer for issue or sale and has 
not (directly or indirectly) invited, and will not (directly or indirectly) invite, applications for issue, or 
offers to purchase the Securities in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received 
by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published and will not distribute or publish, any Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material, advertisement or other document relating to the Securities (or an interest in them) in 
Australia, 
unless: 
(i) 
either (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent, and, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the Issuer or its associates) 
or the offer or invitation does not require disclosure to investors in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 
of the Corporations Act; or (ii) the offer or invitation is otherwise an offer or invitation such that, by 
virtue of section 708 of the Corporations Act, no disclosure is required to be made under Part 6D.2 of the 
Corporations Act and the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" (as defined in 
section 761G and 761GA of the Corporations Act); and  
(ii) 
such action complies with any applicable laws, regulations and directives (including without limitation, 
the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act) in Australia; and 
(iii) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor are authorised under the Banking Act 1959 of the Commonwealth of 
Australia (the Australian Banking Act) to carry on banking business and is not subject to prudential supervision 
by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. The Securities are not Deposit Liabilities under the Australian 
Banking Act. 
Austria  
In addition to the selling restrictions described in the sections headed "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
above, the Securities may be offered in Austria only in compliance with the provisions of the Austrian Capitals 
Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019, Federal Law Gazette No 62/2019, as amended, the "KMG 2019") 
which may require the filing of a notification pursuant to section 24 of the KMG 2019 with the Austrian Control 
Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft) as soon as possible, but in any event prior to the 
commencement of the relevant offer of the Securities. Further, any offer and sale of the Securities must be made 
in compliance with all other applicable legislation and regulations in Austria and each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the 
Securities have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Austria other 
than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the KMG 2019 and any other laws applicable 
in Austria governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Bahrain  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for information purposes of high net worth individuals and institutions. 
The Issuers represent and warrant that they have not made and will not make any invitation in or from the Kingdom 
of Bahrain and will not market or offer the Securities to any potential investor in the Kingdom of Bahrain. All 
marketing and offering are made and will be made outside the Kingdom of Bahrain.   
The Central Bank of Bahrain (or any other Bahraini authority) has not reviewed, nor has it approved, this base 
prospectus or the marketing of the securities and takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the statements and 
information contained herein, nor shall it have any liability to any person for any loss or damage resulting from 
reliance on any statements or information contained herein.

--- Page 980 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
980 
 
Belgium  
Any offering of Securities having a maturity of less than 12 months that qualify as money market instruments (as 
defined in point (17) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II) is conducted exclusively under applicable private placement 
exemptions and this Base Prospectus has therefore not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for 
approval to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en 
Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) (the Belgian FSMA). Accordingly, no action will be taken 
and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall refrain from taking any action that would require the publication of a 
prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment instruments to the public and 
the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market. 
Bearer securities (including, without limitation, definitive securities in bearer form and securities in bearer form 
underlying the Securities) shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository 
or another institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005. 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in Belgium with the 
Belgian FSMA in accordance with the Belgian law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment undertakings 
satisfying the conditions set out in Directive 2009/65/EC and undertakings for investment in receivables, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (the UCITS Law) or the Belgian law of 19 April 2014 on alternative 
collective investment undertakings and their managers, as amended or replaced from time to time (the AIFM 
Law), as applicable, then such Fund Linked Securities cannot be offered in Belgium unless (i) Cash Settlement 
applies or (ii) if the underlying fund is a UCITS within the meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC, the Fund Linked 
Securities are offered to professional investors (as defined in Article 5, § 3 of the UCITS Law) only or to fewer 
than 150 natural or legal persons (other than professional investors) or (iii) if the underlying fund is an alternative 
collective investment undertakings (alternatieve instelling voor collectieve belegging/organisme de placement 
collectif alternatif) within the meaning of article 3 of the AIFM Law, the Fund Linked Securities are offered to 
professional investors (as defined in Article 3, 30° of the AIFM Law) only or to fewer than 150 natural or legal 
persons (other than professional investors). The shares and other securities issued by these underlying funds cannot 
be offered publicly in Belgium under this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in respect of Securities for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Securities may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1.2° of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Securities, and that it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Securities, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Brunei Darussalam 
In relation to any Securities issued by the Issuers, each Dealer represents and agrees that this Base Prospectus 
(together with any supplements) have not been and will not be filed with the Brunei Darussalam Central Bank (the 
Authority) and declared or be declared to be effective under Section 116 of the Securities Market Order, 2013 
(SMO). 
Therefore, each Dealer acknowledges, represents and warrants that this Base Prospectus (together with any 
supplements) and any other document, circular, notice or other material issued in connection with an offer for sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Securities will not be issued, distributed, circulated or published 
to any member of the public and the Securities will not be offered for sale or sold to any member of the public 
save and except as an exempt transaction under the SMO where the offer for sale or sale of the Securities is to any 
number of the specific classes of investors who are either an accredited investor, an expert investor or an 
institutional investor as defined in Section 20 SMO or to such other persons as the Authority may by regulations 
determine as qualified buyers.

--- Page 981 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
981 
 
Each Dealer further acknowledges that dealing in investments, arranging deals in investments, managing securities 
and the giving of investment advice are regulated activities under the SMO and that such regulated activities 
(unless specifically exempted) may only be carried out in Brunei by a person who either holds a capital market 
services licence issued by the Authority or is an exempt person. Therefore, each Dealer represents and warrants 
that any offer for sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Securities will be undertaken through a 
person who is licensed under the SMO or is an exempt person and will cause and ensure that (i) the relevant 
notification, as applicable, is made to the Authority and (ii) the relevant notices and guidelines in relation to 
complex securities are compiled by such persons. 
Chile 
The Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that neither the Issuers nor the Securities have been, and will not be registered under Law 
No. 18,045, as amended (Ley de Mercado de Valores or the securities market law of the Republic of Chile, Chile) 
in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) of the Commission for the Financial Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, the CMF).  
Therefore, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Securities within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Chile, except in circumstances which have 
not resulted and will not result in a public offering in Chile within the meaning of Chilean law, and in compliance 
with General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated 27 June 2012, as amended, issued by the CMF 
(CMF Rule 336). 
Pursuant to Section I, subsection (iii) of CMF Rule 336, the Securities may be privately offered to (i) certain 
qualified investors identified as such therein (which in turn are further described in General Rule (Norma de 
Carácter General) No. 216, dated 12 June 2008, of the CMF), or (ii) to a maximum of 50 non-qualified investors, 
unless the unitary value of the Securities offered is equal or exceeds the equivalent to 3,000 Unidades de Fomento, 
in which case the requirements set forth in Section I, subsection (iii) shall not apply. 
Accordingly, Dealers may offer the Securities to prospective investors in Chile in accordance with the following 
requirements: 
(a) 
The offer of the Securities must be subject to CMF Rule 336. 
(b) 
The Dealers shall verify the identity and status of qualified investors, if applicable, as referred in Section 
I, subsection (iii) letters (a) and (b) of CMF Rule 336, and that they are aware that the Securities are not 
registered in the registries kept by the CMF and, therefore, the Securities cannot be publicly offered in 
Chile; and if the Issuers are not registered in the aforementioned registries, they shall not be subject to 
the supervision of the CMF nor to the reporting obligations that registered issuers are subject to. 
(c) 
The Dealers shall comply with the conditions, limits and amounts established in Section I of CMF Rule 
336, as applicable.  
(d) 
Upon request of the CMF, the Dealers shall prove compliance with the requirements and obligations 
contained in CMF Rule 366. 
(e) 
Before the offer of the Securities or upon the same, the Dealers shall include in a prominent manner in 
any communication or material (whether on paper or electronic format) a specific disclosure in English 
and/or Spanish. 
As a result of the above restrictions, purchasers of Securities in Chile are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
Croatia 
The Securities are subject to restrictions provided in the Capital Markets Act (Official Gazette No. 65/2018, 
17/2020, 83/2021, 151/2022, the CMA), offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities 
have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Croatia other than in

--- Page 982 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
982 
 
compliance with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the Prospectus Regulation), the CMA or any other 
laws applicable in Croatia governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
No Public Offering of the Securities in the Republic of Croatia is permitted, unless: 
(a) 
the prospectus in relation to such Securities has been approved and published in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and the CMA; 
(b) 
the prospectus in relation to such Securities has been approved and published in accordance with the 
applicable legislation in the relevant Issuer's home Member State and duly notified to the Croatian 
Financial Services Supervisory Agency (HANFA) in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
CMA and, if required in accordance with Article 7(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, the prospectus 
summary is translated into the Croatian language, 
(c) 
the Public Offering of the Securities is allowed pursuant to an exemption from the obligation to publish 
a prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Article 409 of the CMA in the case of 
an offer of securities with a total consideration in the EU of less than EUR 8,000,000 which shall be 
calculated over a period of 12 months in accordance with the Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
(d) 
the Public Offering of the Securities constitutes an exemption from the obligation to publish prospectus 
in accordance with the Articles 1(3) to 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation in case of: 
(i) 
an offer of securities to the public with a total consideration in the European Union of less than 
EUR 1,000,000, which shall be calculated over a period of 12 months; 
(ii) 
an offer of securities addressed solely to qualified investors; 
(iii) 
an offer of securities addressed to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State, 
other than qualified investors; 
(iv) 
an offer of securities whose denomination per unit amounts to at least EUR 100,000; 
(v) 
an offer of securities addressed to investors who acquire securities for a total consideration of at 
least EUR 100,000 per investor, for each separate offer; 
(vi) 
shares issued in substitution for shares of the same class already issued, if the issuing of such 
new shares does not involve any increase in the issued capital; 
(vii) 
securities offered in connection with a takeover by means of an exchange offer, provided that a 
document is made available to the public in accordance with the arrangements set out in Article 
21(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, containing information describing the transaction and its 
impact on the issuer; 
(viii) 
securities offered, allotted or to be allotted in connection with a merger or division, provided 
that a document is made available to the public in accordance with the arrangements set out in 
Article 21(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, containing information describing the transaction 
and its impact on the issuer; 
(ix) 
dividends paid out to existing shareholders in the form of shares of the same class as the shares 
in respect of which such dividends are paid, provided that a document is made available 
containing information on the number and nature of the shares and the reasons for and details of 
the offer 
(x) 
securities offered, allotted or to be allotted to existing or former directors or employees by their 
employer or by an affiliated undertaking provided that a document is made available containing 
information on the number and nature of the securities and the reasons for and details of the offer 
or allotment; or

--- Page 983 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
983 
 
(xi) 
non-equity securities issued in a continuous or repeated manner by a credit institution, where the 
total aggregated consideration in the European Union for the securities offered is less than EUR 
75,000,000 per credit institution calculated over a period of 12 months, provided that those 
securities are (i) not subordinated, convertible or exchangeable and (ii) do not give a right to 
subscribe for or acquire other types of securities and are not linked to a derivative instrument. 
All Public Offerings exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus pursuant to item (c) above must be 
notified to the Agency. In respect of Public Offerings within the European Union with a total consideration 
between EUR 4,000,000 and EUR 8,000,000 or which are not exempted pursuant to item (d) (ii) – (xi) above, the 
issuer or offeror must prepare an information document in the Croatian language which must be made available to 
investors before the commencement of the Public Offer and no later than the commencement of the Public Offer. 
The information document must be available to the investors for the entire duration of the Public Offering. 
The relevant issuer and any offeror of Securities in the Republic of Croatia must notify the Agency that it is relying 
on an exemption from (d)(ii) to (xi) above immediately after relevant corporate body of an issuer or offeror passed 
the resolution on the approval of a Public Offering, but no later than three working days before the commencement 
of the public offering in the Republic of Croatia, or before registration or allocation of the securities. The 
notification to the Agency must contain information on the relevant issuer and any offeror, information on the 
securities, the exemption which is being relied upon and a description of circumstances in relation to the 
exemption. Moreover, the issuer or the offeror must provide the Agency with a relevant resolution of the issuer’s 
or offeror’s shareholders assembly, or any other competent body whereby such body is approving the offer of 
securities or its admission to a regulated market, and, if applicable, any other document in relation to the 
circumstances of using the exemption. 
Czech Republic  
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" below, 
no offers or sales of any Securities may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering (veřejná nabídka) 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), except if in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Act of 
the Czech Republic No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the "Capital 
Market Act"). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the Capital 
Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended, the Act of the Czech 
Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as amended or any other 
applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Securities and its offering in the Czech Republic 
Republic of Finland 
The Finnish Securities are subject to restrictions referred to above under "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and any other laws of Finland governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in 
Finland other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), the Finnish 
Securities Markets Act (in Finnish: arvopaperimarkkinalaki 746/2012, as amended) and any other laws applicable 
in Finland governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Securities and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 984 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
984 
 
The Securities are subject to restrictions provided in the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), the German Asset Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz) and any other laws of 
Germany governing the issue, offering, sale or distribution of securities. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities 
have not been and will not be offered, sold or distributed or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal 
Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
above), the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and of the German Asset Investment 
Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), each as amended, or any other laws applicable from time to time in the Federal 
Republic of Germany governing the issue, offering, sale or distribution of securities. 
Hungary  
The Securities are subject to restrictions provided in the Hungarian Capital Market Act and any other laws of 
Hungary governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities have not 
been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Hungary other than in compliance 
with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), of the Hungarian Capital Market Act, or of 
any other laws applicable in Hungary governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made 
under the SFO. 
Indonesia 
The Securities have not been and will not be, registered with the Financial Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa 
Keuangan; the OJK) in the Republic of Indonesia, and therefore the Securities described in this Base Prospectus 
may not be offered or sold within the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens outside of the 
territory of the Republic of Indonesia in a manner which constitutes a public offering under Law No. 8 of 1995 on 
Capital Markets as amended by Law No. 4 of 2023 on the Development and Strengthening of the Financial Sector 
and its implementing regulations or a private placement under OJK Regulation No. 30/POJK.04/2019 on the 
Issuance of Debt Securities and/or Sukuk without Public Offering. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not, directly or indirectly, expressly or implicitly: 
(a) 
offer or sell the Securities to parties in Indonesia and/or Indonesian citizens and institutions or other form 
of Indonesian legal entity outside of Indonesia; and 
(b) 
offer the Securities by way of mass media, including any newspaper, magazine, film, television, radio or 
other electronic media or any letter, brochure or other printed matter, distributed to parties in Indonesia 
and/or Indonesian citizens outside of Indonesia.

--- Page 985 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
985 
 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities or do anything in Ireland in 
respect of the Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union 
(Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the MiFID II Regulations including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs 
and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the 
provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014, as amended (the Irish Companies Act), the Central 
Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central 
Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation), the European 
Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central 
Bank of Ireland (CBI) under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act; 
(d) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, place, or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 
596/2014), as amended, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any 
rules and guidance issued by the CBI under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act; 
(e) 
it has not and will not offer, underwrite the issue of, or place, any Securities, otherwise than in conformity 
with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and 
(f) 
no Securities will be offered or sold with a maturity of less than 12 months except in full compliance with 
Notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the CBI. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable Final 
Terms) or of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 
of 14 June 2017 as amended(the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian laws 
and regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus (including 
the applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or 
(b) must: 
(i) 
 be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time 
to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and

--- Page 986 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
986 
 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable, 
where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Securities which are initially offered and placed in 
Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are systematically ("sistematicamente") 
distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement 
rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999 as amended from time to time. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Securities 
being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any 
damages suffered by the investors. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly and will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange 
and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Republic of Korea 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea (the FSCMA). 
The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or offered or sold to any person 
for re-offering or resale to any resident of Korea, except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea, 
including the FSCMA, the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law (the FETL) and the decrees and regulations 
thereunder, such as the Regulations on the Issuance and Disclosure of Securities. Furthermore, the Securities may 
be resold to Korean residents only subject to all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to 
government reporting requirements under the FSCMA, the FETL and its subordinate decrees and regulations. 
Luxembourg 
The Securities are subject to restrictions provided in the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) and any other laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (Luxembourg) governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the 
Securities have not been and will not be offered or sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in Luxembourg 
other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), of the Luxembourg 
Law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières), or of 
any other laws applicable in Luxembourg governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Malaysia 
The Securities may not be offered for subscription or sale, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, directly or 
indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, in Malaysia unless such 
offer, sale or invitation falls within (i) Schedule 5 to the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 ("CMSA"), (ii) 
Schedule 6 or 7 to the CMSA as an "excluded offer" or "excluded invitation" or "excluded issue" within the 
meaning of sections 229 and 230 of the CMSA and, additionally, where such Securities are debentures (as defined 
in the CMSA), (iii) Schedule 8 such that the trust deed requirements in the CMSA are not applicable. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent

--- Page 987 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
987 
 
and agree, that it has not offered for subscription or sale, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, and will not 
offer for subscription or sale, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Securities directly or indirectly, nor 
has it distributed any document or other material in connection therewith, in Malaysia unless such offer, sale or 
invitation falls within (i) Schedule 5 to the CMSA, (ii) Schedule 6 or 7 to the CMSA as an "excluded offer" or 
"excluded invitation" or "excluded issue" within the meaning of sections 229 and 230 of the CMSA and, 
additionally, where such Securities are debentures (as defined in the CMSA) (iii), Schedule 8 such that the trust 
deed requirements in the CMSA are not applicable. No proposal has been submitted to the Securities Commission 
Malaysia for its recognition, authorisation or approval under the CMSA in respect of Securities, and no prospectus, 
trust deed or deed which complies with the requirements of the CMSA and the guidelines of the Securities 
Commission Malaysia has been or will be registered with the Securities Commission Malaysia under the CMSA. 
In addition to the above, the Securities may not be offered for subscription or sale, sold, transferred or otherwise 
disposed of, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, 
in or from within the Federal Territory of Labuan without the prior written approval of the Labuan Financial 
Services Authority ("LFSA") or otherwise in compliance with the Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 
2010 ("LFSSA") unless such offer, sale or invitation falls within section 8(5) of the LFSSA. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered for subscription or sale, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, and will not offer 
for subscription or sale, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Securities directly or indirectly, nor has it 
distributed any document or other material in connection therewith, in or from within the Federal Territory of 
Labuan except in compliance with the LFSSA. No proposal has been submitted to LFSA for its approval under 
the LFSSA in respect of Securities, and no prospectus which complies with the requirements of the LFSSA has 
been or will be registered with the LFSA under the LFSSA 
Norway 
The Norwegian Securities are subject to restrictions referred to above under "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and any other laws of Norway governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that in no circumstances may an offer of Securities be made in the Norwegian market without the Securities 
being registered in the NorwegianCSD, formally named Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities 
Oslo) in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is properly authorized or recognized 
as being entitled to register such Securities pursuant to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act (Nw. 
Verdipapirsentralloven 2019) and Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, to the extent such Securities shall be registered 
according to this act and ancillary regulations. 
People's Republic of China (PRC) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that neither it, nor any of its affiliates, has offered or sold or will offer or sell any of the 
Securities, directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (excluding for these purposes only the Hong 
Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan) (the PRC) or to residents of the PRC unless such 
offer or sale is made in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
The Philippines  
THE SECURITIES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED WITH THE PHILIPPINE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
("PHILIPPINE SEC") UNDER THE SECURITIES REGULATION CODE ("SRC"). ANY FUTURE 
OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES IS SUBJECT TO THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER THE SRC UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR SALE QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION. 
Under the SRC (Republic Act No. 8799) and its implementing rules, the Securities are not permitted to be sold or 
offered for sale or distribution within the Philippines unless such securities are registered with the Philippine SEC 
and a securities registration statement is duly filed and approved by the Philippine SEC. This requirement does not 
apply if the Securities qualify as exempt securities or if the Securities are sold pursuant to an exempt transaction 
under Sections 9 and 10 of the SRC, respectively. Neither will the registration requirement apply if the Securities 
are sold or offered for sale outside of the Philippines, as the SRC has no extraterritorial effect.

--- Page 988 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
988 
 
Poland  
Unless the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority received a notification confirming that the Base Prospectus was 
approved by the relevant competent authority of an EU Member State the Securities may not be offered in Poland 
in a manner which would require publication of a prospectus or an information memorandum drawn up in 
accordance with the Act on Public Offering, the Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments 
to Organised Trading, and Public Companies dated 29 July 2005. 
Each Dealer acknowledges that the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Securities by residents of Poland may 
be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, in addition to the restrictions and 
requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, including under foreign 
exchange regulations. 
Portugal 
The section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above applies in respect of any offer, sale or 
the making available of Securities to investors in Portugal.  
Notwithstanding, Securities may only be distributed or placed or advertised in Portugal if all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements are met, including (if and as required): (i) the prior notification of a Key Information 
Document to the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the CMVM), under the terms of Regulation (EU) 
no. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 (the PRIIPs Regulation), and 
any ancillary EU or Portuguese legislation or regulation, (ii) the subsequent publication of the KID on CMVM’s 
website thereunder, and (iii) the approval by CMVM of the marketing materials (if any), under the applicable legal 
and regulatory framework. 
Romania 
The Securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Romania and neither this Base Prospectus, the 
Final Terms nor any other offering material or advertisement in connection with the Securities may be distributed 
or published in Romania, except in circumstances which: 
(a) 
constitute a public offering of securities in Romania made on the basis of the Base Prospectus, the Final 
Terms and any other supplement thereto approved by or, following the approval by the CSSF, notified to 
the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with article 24(1) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in the Base Prospectus or the Final 
Terms, as applicable, and if the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for carrying out a public 
offering of securities in Romania. 
For the purpose of this paragraph, the expression "public offering of securities" in relation to any of the 
Securities means the communication addressed to persons, in any form and by any means, which presents 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities; or 
(b) 
where limb (a) is not applicable, constitute an exempt offering which shall not require the relevant Issuer 
or any broker/dealer to draw up and publish a prospectus or supplement a prospectus in accordance with 
article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Please note that any subsequent sale or distribution of the Securities on the secondary market in Romania must be 
made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules, as applicable in Romania, and a 
new assessment of the application of any exemption from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
must be made. 
No action has been taken or will be taken which would result in the issue or offering of the Securities being 
considered an intention to offer or market in Romania fund units or shares or manage investment funds as regulated 
by Directive 2009/65/EC on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to 
undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS) as implemented by Romanian 
Government Emergency Ordinance No. 32/2012 on UCITS and by Directive 2011/61/EU (AIFMD) on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFM) as implemented by Romanian Law No. 74/2015 on AIFM. Any

--- Page 989 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
989 
 
issue, offer, sale or marketing of the Securities to that effect has been or will be carried out in accordance with the 
aforementioned pieces of Romanian legislation. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each future Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each future Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Securities 
or caused any Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Securities or cause any Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and 
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each future Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each future Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Securities 
or caused any Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Securities or cause any Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Slovak Republic 
The Securities offered to investors in the Slovak Republic are subject to restrictions referred to above under 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and any other laws of the Slovak Republic governing the issue, 
offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered or 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Slovak Republic other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), the Slovak Securities Act (Slovak Act No. 566/2001 Coll. on 
securities and investment services, as amended) and any other laws applicable in the Slovak Republic governing 
the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in the Slovak Republic in 
accordance with Slovak Act No. 203/2011 Coll. on collective investment, as amended (the Slovak Collective 
Investment Act), then such Fund Linked Securities cannot be offered in the Slovak Republic unless (i) Cash 
Settlement applies or (ii) if the offer is made solely based on exemptions under the Slovak Collective Investment 
Act applicable to any offer of the underlying funds in the Slovak Republic. The shares and other securities issued 
by these underlying funds cannot be offered publicly in the Slovak Republic under this Base Prospectus. 
Spain 
Neither the offer of the Securities nor this Base Prospectus have been or will be approved or registered in the 
administrative registries of the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de 
Valores). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell, re-sell or distribute any Securities in

--- Page 990 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
990 
 
Spain except in circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain or without meeting 
all the legal and regulatory requirements under the Spanish legislation related to securities. The Securities may 
only be offered or sold in Spain by institutions authorised under Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities 
Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de 
Inversión) as amended (the "Securities Markets and Investment Services Act"), Royal Decree 813/2023, of 8 
November, on the legal regime of investment firms and other entities that provide investment services (Real 
Decreto 813/2023, de 8 de noviembre, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de 
las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión) and related legislation related to securities to provide 
investment services in Spain and in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish Securities Markets and 
Investment Services Act and further developing legislation. 
Sweden  
The Swedish Securities are subject to restrictions referred to above under "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" and any other laws of Sweden governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be, directly or indirectly, offered or sold or publicly promoted 
or advertised by it in Sweden or to distribute any draft or definite document in relation to any such offer, sale or 
promotion other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above), the Act 
on Supplementary Provisions to the EU Prospectus Regulation (in Swedish: lag (2019:414) med kompletterande 
bestämmelser till EU:s prospektförordning), the Swedish Securities Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)) (in 
Swedish: lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and any other laws applicable in Sweden governing the 
issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (the FinSA) or where 
such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, if the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Securities published according to Article 64 FinSA specify "Swiss Non-exempt Offer" as applicable 
with respect to Switzerland, in the "Swiss Offer Period" specified in the applicable Final Terms, and if 
consent has been granted to use the Base Prospectus (as completed by the applicable Final Terms) for a 
public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) FinSA; or 
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, and 
have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Securities, which shall not constitute a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public 
offer in Switzerland. 
"Offer to the public", for these purposes, refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in the FinSO. 
If Securities qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood under 
the FinSA) are offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key 
information document under article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) 
FinSA in respect of such Securities must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key 
information document is required for Securities that may only be acquired for private clients under an asset 
management agreement. Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Securities specify the "Prohibition of 
Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Not Applicable", the Securities may not be offered or recommended 
to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a 
person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not 
having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined 
in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 58(2)

--- Page 991 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
991 
 
FinSA. "Offer", for these purposes, refers to the interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA, subject to the 
preceding paragraph. 
Where Securities are linked to underlying assets which qualify as collective investment schemes according to the 
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (including but not limited to shares of an Exchange Traded 
Fund), additional selling restrictions may exist as set out in the relevant Final Terms for such issue of Securities. 
Thailand 
The offer of Securities has not been and will not be approved by or registered with the Office of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission of Thailand or any other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, 
no Securities may be offered or sold in Thailand nor may Securities be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase in Thailand, except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in 
effect at the relevant time. Any document or material in connection with the offer or sale of the Securities have 
not been circulated or distributed, and will not be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Thailand for the purpose of offering and sale of the Securities or an invitation for subscription or purchase 
of the Securities in Thailand, unless permitted otherwise by applicable laws and regulations. 
Taiwan 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered or filed with, or approved by the Financial Supervisory 
Commission or other regulatory authority of Taiwan pursuant to relevant Taiwan laws and regulations, and may 
not be offered, distributed, or sold in Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an 
offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Law of Taiwan which requires a registration, filing, or 
approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission or other regulatory authority of Taiwan, except in the following 
limited circumstances: the Securities, if being approved to be listed on the Taipei Exchange for sale to professional 
or general investors in Taiwan, may be sold in Taiwan to the professional or general investors, as applicable, in 
accordance with relevant Taiwan laws and regulations or, if not listed on any stock exchange in Taiwan, the 
Securities may be made available (i) to investors in Taiwan through licensed Taiwan financial institutions to the 
extent permitted under relevant Taiwan laws and regulations (including but not limited to any regulation 
concerning examination and domestic distribution of foreign financial products); (ii) to the Offshore Banking Units 
of Taiwan Banks purchasing the Securities either for their proprietary account or in trust for their non-Taiwan trust 
clients; (iii) the Offshore Securities Units of Taiwan securities firms purchasing the Securities either for their 
proprietary account, in trust for their trust clients or as agent for their brokerage clients; (iv) the Offshore Insurance 
Units of Taiwan Insurance companies purchasing the Securities for their proprietary account or in connection with 
the issuance of investment linked insurance policies to non-Taiwan policy holders; or (v) to Taiwan resident 
investors for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan on an offshore transaction basis, but may not, otherwise 
be offered, sold or resold in Taiwan. 
United Arab Emirates 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC)  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Securities to any person in the DIFC unless 
such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules Module of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (DFSA) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA Conduct 
of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Onshore UAE excluding Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) and Abu Dhabi Global Market 
(ADGM)  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or

--- Page 992 ---
Subscription and Sale 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
992 
 
advertised by it in the UAE (excluding the ADGM and the DIFC) other than in compliance with any laws 
applicable in the UAE (excluding the ADGM and the DIFC) governing the issue, offering or sale of securities.  
Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Securities to any person in the ADGM unless 
such offer is:  
(a) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Market Rules (the MKT) Module of the Financial Services 
Regulatory Authority (the FSRA) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.4.1 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the FSRA rulebook. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 993 ---
General Information 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
993 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
This section provides certain additional information relating to all the Securities. 
Authorisation 
No authorisation procedures are required of Crédit Agricole CIB under French law for the update of the Programme 
or the giving of the Guarantee. No authorisation procedures are required of Crédit Agricole CIB FS under French 
law for the update the Programme. However, to the extent that Securities issued under the Programme may 
constitute obligations under French law, issues of such Securities will be authorised as required under French law. 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Securities under the Programme have been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Crédit Agricole CIB FL on 29 April 2024.  
In the event that additional authorisation procedures are required in respect of a particular Series of Securities, they 
will be specified (if required by applicable law) in paragraph 9 of the relevant Final Terms. 
Approval, listing and admission to trading of the Securities under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF in Luxembourg in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the Securities which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 10 May 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Securities are offered 
through a Non-exempt Offer, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities before any 
supplement is published and where the Securities had not yet been delivered to the investors have the right, 
exercisable within two working days after the publication of this supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, 
provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the Non-exempt Offer or the delivery of the 
Securities, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the relevant Issuer or, if any, the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement.  
Application may be made for Securities issued under the Programme during a period of twelve (12) months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be offered through Non-exempt Offer or listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
on other stock exchanges and/or regulated markets. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection or during normal business 
hours from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and on the website of Crédit Agricole CIB 
(https://www.documentation.ca-cib.com/IssuanceProgram):  
(a) 
the Statuts (with an English translation thereof) of Crédit Agricole CIB, the Statuts (with an English 
translation thereof) of Crédit Agricole CIB FS and the articles of association of Crédit Agricole CIB FL;  
(b) 
each of (i) in the case of Crédit Agricole CIB, as Issuer and Guarantor, the consolidated and non-
consolidated audited financial statements in respect of the financial years ended 2022 and 2023 (with an 
English translation thereof for the consolidated accounts) and (ii) in the case of Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
and Crédit Agricole CIB FL, each as Issuer, the audited financial statements in respect of the financial 
years ended 2022 and 2023;

--- Page 994 ---
General Information 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
994 
 
(c) 
the most recently published annual audited financial statements and future interim unaudited financial 
statements of each Issuer and the Guarantor (with an English translation thereof); 
(d) 
the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Guarantees and the forms 
of the Global Securities, the Securities in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and 
any supplements thereto; 
(e) 
the Valuation Agency Agreement, the Custodian Agreement, the Collateral Management Agreement, the 
Collateral Monitoring Service Terms, the Disposal Agency Agreement, each Pledge Agreement, each 
Security Trust Deed and each Security Agency Agreement (save to the extent any such document relates 
to Exempt Securities); 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(g) 
any future Base Prospectus and supplements to this Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(h) 
any Final Terms (save that the Final Terms relating to a Security which is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Security and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of Securities and 
identity). 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions or the Credit Derivative 
Definitions (as such term is defined in the Credit Linked Conditions).  
Copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Securities that are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference, are available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com). 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available on the Crédit Agricole Group's website 
(www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt): 
(a) 
the Green Bond Framework and the Green Bond Framework Second-Party Opinion; 
(b) 
the Social Bond Framework and the Social Bond Framework Second-Party Opinion; and 
(c) 
the annual reports published by the Crédit Agricole Group detailing the allocation of net proceeds from 
securities issued by group entities used to finance and/or refinance (i) Eligible Green Assets and the 
environmental impact of the Eligible Green Assets included in its green portfolio and/or (ii) Eligible 
Social Assets and the social impact of the Eligible Social Assets included in its social portfolio. 
Clearing Systems 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Securities 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, 
the relevant Issuer may make an application for any Securities in registered form to be accepted for trading in 
book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of Registered Securities, together 
with the relevant ISIN and Common Code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Securities are 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 995 ---
General Information 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
995 
 
Yield 
An indication of yield in respect of a Series of Fixed Rate Securities will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The yield is calculated as at the Issue Date of the Securities and on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. As such, 
the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms reflects the yield to maturity of the relevant Securities as at their 
Issue Date and is not be an indication of future yield. 
Credit Ratings  
The rating(s) of the Securities (if any) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including as to whether or 
not such credit ratings are issued by credit rating agencies established in the European Union, registered (or which 
have applied for registration) under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and are included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu).  
Of the Issuers, only Crédit Agricole CIB is rated, and such ratings are specified in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Description of the Issuers". The Credit Ratings referred to in that section have been assigned 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody's France SA.S. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, each of which 
is a credit rating agency established in the European Union, each registered under the CRA Regulation and are 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority referred to above. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency without notice. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
Except as disclosed on page 451 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, there has been no significant 
change in the financial position or financial performance of Crédit Agricole CIB Group since 31 December 2023 
and no material adverse change in the prospects of Crédit Agricole CIB since 31 December 2023. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of Crédit Agricole CIB FS 
or Crédit Agricole CIB FL since 31 December 2023 and no material adverse change in the prospects of Crédit 
Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL since 31 December 2023.  
Borrowing and Funding Structure 
Since 31 December 2023, there have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of each of 
Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL. 
Material Contracts 
None of Crédit Agricole CIB, Crédit Agricole CIB FS or Crédit Agricole CIB FL have entered into any material 
contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the relevant Issuer's business that could result in any 
Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the relevant Issuer's ability to meet their 
obligation to Securityholders in respect of the Securities. 
Governmental, Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Except as disclosed on pages 225 to 228 and of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts during at least twelve months prior to 
the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the 
Issuers or the Guarantor are aware) which may, or have had in the recent past significant effects on any of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor, and/or on the Group's financial position or profitability. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB FS are PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (member of the French Compagnie 
nationale des commissaires aux comptes), 63 rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.

--- Page 996 ---
General Information 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
996 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited Crédit Agricole CIB FS's accounts (including the cash flow 
statements contained therein), without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in 
France for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2023. The auditors of Crédit Agricole 
CIB FS have no material interest in Crédit Agricole CIB FS. 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB FL are Ernst & Young S.A. (member of the Luxembourg Institut des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises). Ernst & Young S.A. have audited Crédit Agricole CIB FL's accounts (including the cash flow 
statements contained therein), without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in 
Luxembourg for the two financial years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2023. The auditors of Crédit Agricole 
CIB FL have no material interest in Crédit Agricole CIB FL.  
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB are Ernst & Young et Autres (member of the French Compagnie nationale 
des commissaires aux comptes), 1-2 Place des saisons, 92400 Courbevoie, Paris-La Défense, France and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes), 63 
rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. 
Ernst & Young et Autres have audited Crédit Agricole CIB's consolidated and non-consolidated accounts, in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in France for each of the two financial years ended on 
31 December 2022 and 2023. PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited Crédit Agricole CIB's consolidated and 
non-consolidated accounts, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in France for the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2022 and 2023. 
The auditors of Crédit Agricole CIB have no material interest in Crédit Agricole CIB. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise 
determined by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (the 
EURIBOR Administrator). EURIBOR constitutes a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). The EURIBOR Administrator is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the 
Register) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
In addition, amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" 
for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In the case of such Securities, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in the 
Register pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulations may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the relevant administrator. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
In the ordinary course of its business, including, without limitation, in connection with its market making activities, 
the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may effect transactions for its own account or for the account of its 
customers and hold long or short positions in any Underlying(s) or related derivatives. In addition, in connection 
with the offering of any Securities, the relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may enter into one or more 
hedging transactions with respect to any Underlying(s) or related derivatives.  
The relevant Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with any 
Underlying(s), any constituent thereof (in relation to Underlying(s) which are indices) or, if applicable, any of their 
subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other person or entity having obligations relating to any Underlying(s) (including, 
but not limited to, dealing, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and will 
pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests 
arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Securityholder, regardless of whether any such action

--- Page 997 ---
General Information 
 
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
997 
 
might have an adverse effect (including, without limitation, any action which might constitute or give rise to any 
breach, event of default, credit event or termination event) on any Underlying or any investor in Securities. 
Where the relevant Issuer or Guarantor acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an Affiliate of the 
relevant Issuer or Guarantor, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and 
Securityholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may 
make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon settlement of the Securities. 
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise where the manager(s) and any distributors act pursuant to mandate 
granted by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable) and/or the manager(s) and will receive commissions and/or 
fees on the basis of the services performed and the outcome of the placement of the Securities. 
Where the relevant Issuer or any of its Affiliates acts as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, potential conflicts of interest may arise as the interests of such Issuer or Affiliate may be opposed to 
the interests of the Securityholders, and as they will be entitled to and will act without regard to the interests of the 
Securityholders. 
As the Collateral Manager and Valuation Agent are affiliates of the relevant Issuer or their relevant successor, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Collateral Manager, the Valuation Agent and the holders of 
Secured Securities, including with respect to the making of certain determinations and the exercise of certain 
discretions (including as to the calculation of the Secured Security Market Value of the Secured Securities and the 
Collateral Value). 
Taxation 
The acquisition, holding or disposal of, or other dealings in the Securities may give rise to tax consequences for 
the Securityholders. Any tax liability is dependent on multiple parameters including the Securityholders' personal 
circumstances and the jurisdiction in which the Securityholders are subject to taxation. The basis and level of any 
taxes for which a Securityholder may become liable may change during the term of the Securities. The Issuers 
disclaim any responsibility to advise or provide clearance to Securityholders as to the tax treatment of the Securities 
in any jurisdiction and make no representations in respect thereof. Any person intending to acquire, hold, dispose 
or otherwise deal with a Security should inform themselves by obtaining appropriate tax and financial advice, of 
the tax treatment of the Securities in their circumstances before making an investment in the Securities.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier, or LEI, for each of the Issuers is as follows: 
(a) 
Crédit Agricole CIB: 1VUV7VQFKUOQSJ21A208; 
(b) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FS: 969500HUHIE5GG515X42; and 
(c) 
Crédit Agricole CIB FL: 529900XFWQOQK3RQS789.

--- Page 998 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
998 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
12 Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
31-33, Avenue Pasteur 
L-2311 Luxembourg 
THE GUARANTOR 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
DEALERS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., Tokyo Branch 
Shiodome Sumitomo Building. 
1-9-2, Higashi-Shimbashi 
Minato-ku, 105-0021 
Japan 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
5, Allée Scheffer 
L-2520 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
As to English, French, Belgian, U.S. and Luxembourg law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
32 rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling (Belgium) LLP 
Avenue de Tervueren 268 A  
1150 Brussels 
Belgium 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling US LLP 
1221 Avenue of the Americas 
New York 
NY 10020 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling SCS 
Société en commandite simple (inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
As to Irish law 
Arthur Cox LLP 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 D02 T380 
Ireland

--- Page 999 ---
0034778-0001435 EUO2: 2004086251.31
999 
 
AUDITORS 
To Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Ernst & Young 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris – La Défense 1 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
To Crédit Agricole CIB Financial Solutions 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
 
To Crédit Agricole CIB Finance Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Ernst & Young S.A. 
35E avenue John F. Kennedy 
L1855 Luxembourg 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
 
CACEIS Bank, Luxembourg Branch 
5, Allée Scheffer 
L-2520 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
FRENCH PAYING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12 place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France