--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2023 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
€15,000,000,000 
 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (the 
"Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). 
 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
 
The Notes may either be senior notes ("Senior Notes") or subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes"). The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes 
("Senior Preferred Notes") or senior non-preferred Notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). It is the intention of the Issuer that (i) to the extent permitted by 
the MREL Regulations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated as MREL Eligible Instruments 
(as defined hereinafter) and (ii) the Subordinated Notes shall, for supervisory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital (as defined below). Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (as defined hereinafter) may also be issued under the Programme. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières dated 14 July 2019, the CSSF assumes no 
responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The approval given by the CSSF is not a 
favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid until 7 July 2024 and shall be completed by a supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme while this Base Prospectus is valid to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg). The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the 
European Securities Markets Authority (the "ESMA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes issued under the Programme may 
also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other Regulated Market of the European Economic Area ("EEA") and/or 
offered to the public pursuant to a non exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA. The relevant Final Terms (a form of which is contained herein) in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any market and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein.  
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in 
bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the 
relevant Account Holders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title"), in either fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) 
acting on behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of an Account 
Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without 
interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate 
will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised 
Notes"), on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global 
Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global 
Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer (as defined below). In 
the case of a Tranche which is not intended to be cleared notably through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the Notes of such Tranche cannot be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Senior Preferred Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Status") to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A/F1 by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited (''Fitch'') and Aa3/P-1 by Moody's France S.A.S ("Moody's"). Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes - Status") to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A- by Fitch and A3 by Moody's. Subordinated Notes (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Status") to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Baa1 by Moody's. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch 
and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings of the Notes issued under the Programme by Fitch and Moody's are expected to be 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the United Kingdom (the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by Fitch and 
Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or not rated. The rating of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
 
 
ARRANGER 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
ABN AMRO BANK N.V 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
DZ BANK AG 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
UNICREDIT

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by 
reference all necessary information concerning (i) the Issuer, (ii) the local savings banks (caisses locales) of 
the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest federations and (iii) the Issuer’s 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group" or "Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group") which is material to an investor 
for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer as well as the base terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, 
redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. References to 
"Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more 
Tranches of Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with (i) any document and/or information which is or may 
be incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 27 of the Luxembourg Law and Article 19 of 
the Prospectus Regulation (see "Documents incorporated by Reference" below), (ii) any supplement thereto 
that may be published from time to time and (iii) in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final 
Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) may only be used 
for the purposes for which it has been published. 
 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in "General Description of the 
Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or 
the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and the Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or, in the case of certain Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United 
States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"). By accessing this Base Prospectus, you represent that you are a non-U.S. person that is 
outside of the United States. This Base Prospectus is not for publication, release or distribution in the United 
States.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 20181, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
1 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or any liability, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
(including any information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each prospective investor of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise 
any investor or prospective investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the attention of any of 
the Dealers or the Arranger. Any websites referred to in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes 
only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
 
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to 
trading thereof on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of 
any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green criteria required by any prospective investors. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria for eligible green assets, any verification of whether the eligible green assets meet such 
criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
(or amounts equal thereto). Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the 
suitability or contents of the Framework (as defined herein) and the second party opinion delivered by 
Vigeo Eiris. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
amended by the Treaty on European Union and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, references to "£", 
"pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", 
"USD" and "US Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", 
"JPY" and "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss 
Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 20 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................................................... 37 
RETAIL CASCADES ............................................................................................................................ 40 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................... 42 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................ 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 54 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 125 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ....... 127 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA AND THE GROUP ......................................... 129 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................. 132 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS................................................................................................................. 134 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 171 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 177 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS181

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This section "General Description of the Programme" constitutes a general description of the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It 
does not, and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same 
meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
96950041VJ1QP0B69503 
Arranger: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed 
as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
 
Risk Factors: 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which should be assessed 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Investors and/or Noteholders should refer to the section "Risk Factors" of this 
Base Prospectus in respect of the risks relating to the Issuer as well as the risks 
relating to the Notes. 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent and Paying Agent: 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
The Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on 
the same or different issue dates. 
 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the 
aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, 
if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one month from the date of original issue as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in Euro, US Dollars, Japanese Yen, Swiss Francs, Sterling and in 
any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that all Notes shall have a minimum denomination of 
€50,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue of such 
Notes) or, in the case of Senior Notes, such higher amount as may be required 
from time to time by any applicable laws or regulations for the purposes of 
being treated as MREL Eligible Instruments). 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one denomination only. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any 
Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
(chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and with other 
Senior Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer and any obligations 
ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and  
 
(iii) 
junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the holders of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the Coupons 
relating to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and other present and future

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the 
Issuer that the Senior Preferred Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes 
as MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations but that the 
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior 
Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer 
qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the 
Issuer may redeem the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 
6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final 
Terms specify as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, 
any Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
(chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves and with other 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) 
senior to Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(iii) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences, including Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the holders of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the 
Coupons relating to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and other present and future claims benefiting from 
statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Subordinated 
Notes and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer 
that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will be terminated by operation of law. 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the 
Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be treated for regulatory 
purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations but that 
the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no 
longer qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments. However, in such circumstances, 
the Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms 
specify as to be Subordinated Notes) and including, where applicable, any 
Coupons relating to them, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank:  
 
(1) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(2) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Capital fully or 
partly (such Subordinated Notes being thereafter referred to as 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes"):  
 
(a) pari passu with (x) any present or future obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior 
to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly and (y) any 
other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank equally with the Qualifying Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(b) junior to (x) any Disqualified Subordinated Notes (as defined 
below) and (y) any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes; 
 
(3) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes no longer constitute Tier 2 Capital 
in whole, but not in part (such Subordinated Notes being thereafter 
referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"): 
 
(a) senior to (x) any present or future obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior 
to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and any other present or future 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and 
future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes; 
 
(b) pari passu with any other present or future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(c) junior to any other present and future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes; 
 
(4) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés" or 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
 
(5) 
junior to any present and future unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of 
the Subordinated Notes in respect of such Subordinated Notes and including, 
where applicable, the Coupons relating to them (if any) shall be: 
 
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of: 
 
(a) all unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes); 
 
(b) with respect to Qualifying Subordinated Notes, (x) any present 
and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior 
to the Subordinated Notes and (y) any holder of Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(c) with respect to Disqualifying Subordinated Notes, any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed 
to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, paid in priority to: 
 
(a) (x) with respect to Disqualified Subordinated Notes, any 
present or future obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 
2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes) and any other present or future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and future 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the 
Subordinated Notes; and  
 
(b) any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the 
Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits 
"super subordonnés" or engagements subordonnés de 
dernier rang). 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer and in the event of incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Subordinated Notes, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Subordinated Notes will be 
terminated by operation of law. 
 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes and including, where applicable, the 
Coupons relating to them, shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary to 
preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for 
supervisory purposes, be treated as Tier 2 Capital. Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes shall rank senior to any present or future obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 
2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes). However, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(e) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event). 
 
Negative Pledge: 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes.  
 
Events of Default: 
There are no events of default in respect of the Notes.  
 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
 
Redemption: 
Redemption at maturity 
 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation of the Notes or their early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the above mentioned maturity date at 100% of 
their nominal amount. 
 
Redemption prior to maturity 
 
(i) Senior Notes 
 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (i) if a call option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, it being specified that a call option will not be permitted prior to 
one (1) year from the Issue Date, (ii) in the case of a MREL 
Disqualification Event if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (iii) in the case of (a) a 
Withholding Tax Event or (b) a Gross-Up Event, or (iv) if a clean-up call 
option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. In such 
cases, the Issuer’s option to redeem the Senior Notes is subject to such 
redemption not being prohibited by the MREL Regulations and to the 
prior approval of the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
 
(ii) Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity (subject to 
certain conditions including in particular the prior approval of the 
Relevant Regulator) at the option of the Issuer (i) if a call option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that 
a call option will not be permitted prior to five (5) years from the Issue

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Date, (ii) in the case of a Capital Event if a Capital Event Call Option is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (iii) in the case of a 
Tax Event or (iv) if a clean-up call option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Term. 
 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such a withholding or deduction 
is required by the French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up its payments to 
the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to certain exceptions. 
 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any 
Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both, provided that in no event shall the interest rate be less than zero. The use 
of Interest Accrual Periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information (except the method of 
calculation) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes: 
 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes will initially bear interest at a fixed rate and will 
then be resettable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions, or 
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; or 
(iii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service, such as EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
TONA, SARON, EUR CMS or any other reference rate that might replace 
them, 
 
in each case by applying one of the formulae specified in the Conditions of the 
Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum rate of interest and/or reference rate(s), a minimum rate of 
interest and/or reference rate(s) or both and/or rate multiplier. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, 
CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate 
Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
and CMS/CMS Linked Notes: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Notes, CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked Notes are Notes for 
which a change of interest basis (whether automatically or optional) is 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
CMS Linked Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes shall be calculated by 
reference to one or more CMS Rates and by applying one of the formulae 
specified in the Conditions of the Notes as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. Such Notes may have a maximum rate of interest and/or CMS Rate(s), a 
minimum rate of interest and/or CMS Rate(s) or all combined and/or rate 
multiplier. 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
and Inverse CMS Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes or Inverse CMS 
Linked Notes, as the case may be, for each Interest Accrual Period, shall be 
equal to a Fixed Rate minus a Floating Rate or a CMS Rate, as the case may 
be. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest. 
 
Benchmark Event: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent 
adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the 
application of an adjustment spread which could be negative or positive). See 
Condition 5(e) (Benchmark Event) for further information.  
 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds: 
 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds may be issued by the 
Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects 
from any of the eligible green loan categories (the "Eligible Green Loan 
Categories" and such Notes being "Green Bonds"), the eligible social loan 
categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Notes being 
"Social Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan Categories and the 
Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as 
defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as 
further described in the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond 
framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the 
"Framework") which is available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-
social-bonds). 
 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and is 
substantially based on the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital Markets 
Association in their updated edition or any more recent version such as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the 
Framework, which is also available on the Issuer's website.  
 
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and their impact 
until full allocation of the proceeds. 
 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to 
finance investments included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the 
Eligible Social Loan Categories, as further specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for further information.  
 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") 
or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form 
(au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or administered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title 
will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global Certificate 
will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
 
Waiver of Set-off rights: 
The Noteholders waive any right of set-off, compensation and retention in 
relation to the Notes, to the extent permitted by law. 
 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse which will 
be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code 
de commerce as supplemented by Condition 11. 
 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through the 
Representative and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders.  
 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption: 
 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other 
agreement, arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the 
Noteholders, by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder acknowledges, 
accepts, consents and agrees: 
 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, which 
may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
a. 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as 
defined below) on a permanent basis; 
b. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such 
Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu 
of its rights under such Notes any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
c. 
the cancellation of the Notes;

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
d. the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or 
the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if 
necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, 
in relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other 
clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
 
One (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Lettre comptable or, as the case may be, the 
application form relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary. 
 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. The issue price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be unlisted or listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in the EEA in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation and/or any other market, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
 
Offer to the public pursuant to 
a non-exempt offer: 
 
The Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in 
France, in any Member State of the EEA, to the extent the CSSF has provided 
a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, 
any supplement thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer's general 
corporate purposes or (ii) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new 
or existing projects from any of the Eligible Green Loan Categories (which 
include, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, renewable energy, green 
buildings, energy transition loans, sustainable mobility and sustainable waste

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
and water management), Eligible Social Loan Categories (which include, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, affordable housing, health and care, territorial 
economic development and education) or from both the Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories, as described in the relevant 
Final Terms and in the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond framework 
(as may be amended and supplemented from time to time), which will be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). If, 
in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Rating: 
Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated A/F1 by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and Aa3/P-1 by Moody's 
France S.A.S ("Moody's"). Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued under the 
Programme are expected to be rated A- by Fitch and A3 by Moody's. 
Subordinated Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated 
Baa1 by Moody's. 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fitch and Moody's are established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
 
The ratings of the Notes issued under the Programme by Fitch and Moody's are 
expected to be endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK") or certified under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the 
ratings to be issued by Fitch and Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
Notes issed under the Programme may be rated or not rated. The rating of the 
Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions (see "Subscription and Sale").  
 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing 
rules identical to those applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) unless (i) the 
relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor 
regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) containing rules identical to 
those currently applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or 
(ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D 
Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to 
which TEFRA is not applicable. 
 
General Information 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto published from time to time and 
the Final Terms relating to Notes that are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any 
Member State of the EEA will be published on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/program
me-emtn) and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, if the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether 
this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the 
websites of (i) the relevant Regulated Market and/or (ii) the relevant competent 
authority and/or (iii) the Issuer.  
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding under this Base Prospectus, copies 
of this Base Prospectus and various other documents will also be available for 
inspection and obtainable upon request and free of charge, during usual 
business hours on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (1, rue 
Louis Lichou, 29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon, France).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur. The risk factors may relate to the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Notes and material for an informed investment decision with 
respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme are described below. In each category below the 
Issuer sets out the most material risks in first, taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the 
probability of their occurrence. Investors must be aware that other risks and uncertainties which, on the date of 
this Base Prospectus, are not known of by the Issuer, or are considered not to be relevant, may have a significant 
impact on the Issuer, its activities, its financial condition and the Notes.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including the relevant information of any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and the 
Final Terms of the relevant Notes and make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment 
decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the 
Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes and consult their own financial or legal advisers about risks 
associated with the investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
 
 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS ACTIVITY 
 
Investors are invited to read the detailed information on risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity set out in 
the 2022 Universal Registration Document (pages 210 to 227) which are incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus (See "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
In particular, the Issuer is subject to the following categories of risks:  
 
(i) 
strategic, business and ecosystem risks (including macroeconomic risk (pages 210 and 211), sub-
categories risk related to the regulatory environment (including risk related to changes in prudential 
requirements (page 211) and risk related to changes in regulatory requirement (pages 211 and 212)), 
strategic risk (including business model risk (page 212), risks relating to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's affiliation 
to Crédit Mutuel group (pages 212 and 213), risks relating to Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's disaffiliation to 
Crédit Mutuel group (pages 213 to 217) and risk related to the competitive environment (page 217)) and 
resolution risk (including governance risk (related to the implementation of resolution measures) (pages 
217 and 218)), and Human Resources risk (page 218)); 
 
(ii) 
credit risk (including customer and counterparty credit risk (pages 218 and 219) and provisions for credit 
risk (page 219)); 
 
(iii) 
operational risk (including IT risk (pages 219 and 220), external fraud risk (page 220), risk related to 
internal processes and external events (page 220), non‑compliance risk (pages 220 and 221), internal 
fraud risk (page 221), risk related to the use of models (page 221), legal risk (page 221) and reputational 
risk (page 221)); 
 
(iv) 
liquidity risk (page 222); 
 
(v) 
interest rate risk (pages 222 and 223); 
 
(vi) 
market risks (page 223);

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(vii) 
insurance risk (including sub-categories life insurance risk (including underwriting risk (page 223), 
interest rate risk (page 223), liquidity risk (page 224), market risks (page 224) and credit/counterparty risk 
(page 224)) and risk specific to the non‑life insurance business (including underwriting risk (pages 224 
and 225), interest rate risk (page 225) and credit/counterparty risk (page 225))); and 
 
(viii) 
environmental including climate (page 225). 
 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
 
The following paragraphs describe some of the risk factors that are material to the Notes in order to assess the 
risk associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisers about 
risks associated with investment in a particular Series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light 
of their particular circumstances. 
 
2.1 
Risks for Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer and legal risks 
 
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity if the Issuer becomes subject to a 
resolution procedure 
 
As an établissement de crédit in France, the Issuer is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 15 May 2014 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD" as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (the "BRRD Revision" and together with BRRD, "BRRD II")) as implemented under 
French law. BRRD II provides authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in 
an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
 
The Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) may commence resolution proceedings in respect of an 
institution such as the Issuer when the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that:  
 
- 
the institution is failing or likely to fail;  
 
- 
there is no reasonable prospect that another action will prevent the failure within a reasonable time; and  
 
- 
a resolution measure is required, and a liquidation procedure would fail, to achieve the objectives of the 
resolution: (i) to ensure the continuity of critical functions, (ii) to avoid a significant adverse effect on the 
financial system, (iii) to protect public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial 
support, and (iv) to protect client funds and assets, and in particular those of depositors.  
 
After resolution proceedings are initiated, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use one or more of several 
resolution tools with a view to recapitalizing or restoring the viability of the institution, as described below. 
 
Capital instruments (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and, under certain conditions, eligible liabilities 
(such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
may be written down or converted to equity or other instruments either in connection with and prior to the opening 
of a resolution proceeding, or in certain other cases without a resolution proceeding. Capital Instruments must be 
written-down or converted to equity or other instruments in the following order of priority: (i) common equity tier 
1 instruments are to be written-down first, (ii) additional tier 1 instruments issued before 28 December 2020 that 
are or were, before that date, totally or partially, qualifying as such and additional tier 1 instruments issued after 28 
December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualifying as such are to be written-down or converted into 
common equity tier 1 instruments, and (iii) tier 2 capital instruments issued before 28 December 2020 that are or 
were, before that date, totally or partially, qualifying as such and tier 2 capital instruments issued after 28 
December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partly qualifying as such (such as the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes) are to be written-down or converted to common equity tier 1 instruments. Eligible liabilities may be 
written-down or converted to equity or other instruments in the following order of priority: (i) subordinated debt

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
instruments other than capital instruments (such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes) are to be written-down or 
converted into common equity tier 1 instruments in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings, and (ii) other eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) are to be written-down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments. The Relevant Resolution 
Authority may permanently write-down the Notes or convert the Notes into equity at the point of non-viability of 
the Issuer or the Group. 
 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority, once a resolution procedure is initiated, include the 
power to write-down (including to zero) bail-inable liabilities of a credit institution in resolution, or to convert 
them to equity (the "Bail-in Tool"). Bail-inable liabilities include subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as 
capital instruments (such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes), senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and other liabilities that are not excluded from the 
scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to Article 44, paragraph 2 of BRRD II, such as non-covered deposits or 
financial instruments that are not secured or used for hedging purposes. The Bail-in Tool may also be applied to 
any liabilities that are capital instruments and that remain outstanding at the time the Bail-in Tool is applied. The 
exercise of the Bail-in Tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority could result in the partial or full write-down or 
conversion into equity securities or other instruments of the Notes. 
 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the Relevant Resolution Authority is provided with broad powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to failing institutions or, under certain circumstances, their groups. The 
exercise of such powers by Relevant Resolution Authority could result in the partial or full write-down or 
conversion into equity securities or other instruments of the Notes. In addition, if the Issuer's financial condition, 
or that of any member of the Group deteriorates or is perceived to deteriorate, the existence of these powers could 
cause the market value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
 
Article 68 of BRRD II, as implemented in France, provides that certain crisis prevention measures and crisis 
management measures, including the opening of a resolution proceeding in respect of the Issuer, may not by 
themselves give rise to a contractual enforcement right against the Issuer or the right to modify the Issuer's 
obligations, so long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations. Accordingly, if a resolution 
proceeding is opened in respect of the Issuer, holders of the Notes will not have the right to declare an event of 
default, to accelerate the maturity of the Notes, to modify the terms of the Notes or to exercise other enforcement 
rights in respect of the Notes so long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations. 
 
The taking of any action by the Relevant Resolution Authority under BRRD II in relation to the Issuer or the 
Group could materially affect the right of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
 
In addition, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a proposal for the further amendment of the 
BRRD, including, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to provide for a 
general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would be required by the 
BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of certain deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims 
to all deposits. The implementation of this proposal is subject to further legislative procedures but if it is 
implemented in its current form, this would mean that the Senior Notes (including Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Prefered Notes) will rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates 
exceeding the coverage level of €100,000 and other deposits that are currently excluded from the above privileged 
claims, such as deposits of public authorities, financial sector entities and pension funds. 
 
Any such general depositor preference would also impact upon any application of the write-down and conversion 
powers, as such application is to be carried out in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, this would mean that following any such amendment of the insolvency laws of France 
to establish a general depositor preference, any resulting write-down or conversion of the Senior Notes (including 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Prefered Notes) by the Relevant Resolution Authority would be carried 
out before any write-down or conversion of the claims of depositors such as those of large corporates that 
previously would have been written-down or converted alongside the Senior Notes. By removing the requirement 
for such deposits to be written-down or converted in this manner, one of the stated objectives of this proposed

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
amendment is to reduce the likelihood of deposits generally needing to be included in any such write-down or 
conversion upon any application of the write-down and conversion powers and improve the process for the 
application of the write-down and conversion powers. However, this may have the corresponding impact of 
increasing the likelihood of any write-down or conversion of the Senior Notes (including Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Prefered Notes). 
 
French Insolvency Law 
 
As a société anonyme coopérative de crédit à capital variable incorporated in France, French insolvency law 
applies to the Issuer. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally 
governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as 
construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and 
on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, 
and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 
dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance amends French insolvency law notably with regard to the process of 
adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders), as well as secured and unsecured receivables, shall be 
treated in separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way 
that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on 
verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, 
meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and 
their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.  
 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 11 
(Representation of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory 
insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, unless the 
competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French insolvency law to 
a credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings. This limitation 
will affect the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer could have a 
material adverse impact on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decision taken 
by a class of affected parties could substantially and adversely impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose 
all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
 
Modification and waivers 
 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders), and matters affecting 
their interests are generally adopted either through a General Meeting or by unanimous consent following a written 
consultation. The Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Noteholders may therefore be bound by General Meetings in which they have not

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
participated or for which they expressed a view to the contrary. In addition, General Meetings may deliberate on 
any proposal relating to the modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or 
settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully described 
in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders).  
 
By exception to the above provisions and except for Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency), Condition 11(d)(iii) (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de 
commerce) provides that the provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce 
(respectively providing for a prior approval of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer and of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French 
Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the 
Noteholders will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may negatively affect their interests generally.  
 
If the Conditions were to be amended by way of a General Meeting during the life of the Notes, it is possible that a 
majority of Noteholders could adopt a decision that would modify the terms and conditions in a way that could 
impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders.  
 
The Conditions of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
 
Condition 14 (Waiver of Set-Off) provides that Noteholders waive any set-off rights to which they might otherwise 
be entitled to the extent such rights would otherwise impact the loss absorbing capacity of the Notes. As a result, 
holders of the Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer. Therefore, Noteholders may not receive any amount in respect of their 
claims or any amount due under the Notes. 
 
2.2 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
 
Market value of the Notes 
 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or that of the Group and a 
number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, market interest, yield and rates and the time remaining 
to the maturity date.  
 
The market value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere (including Brexit), including factors affecting capital markets generally and 
the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity or redemption, as the case may be, may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the 
issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser and result in losing part of their investment in the Notes.  
 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes. 
 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in Noteholders suffering losses on 
the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the credit strength of the Issuer. Furthermore, if 
additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the 
Notes and as a consequence Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
 
This Programme allows the Issuer to pay principal and interest on the Notes in a range of currencies (the 
"Specified Currency") as defined in Condition 5(a) (Interest and other Calculations - Definitions). This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls.  
 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependend principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
2.3 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
 
2.3.1 Risks related to the status of a particular issue of Notes 
 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to Senior Notes. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes (including, where applicable, the Coupons related thereto) 
are unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer, and 
creditors in respect of other subordinated obligations ranking or expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated 
Notes, as more fully described in Condition 3(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes). 
 
Pursuant to Article L. 613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier created by the French Ordonnance 
n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020 which has 
implemented Article 48(7) of the BRRD II under French law and according to Condition 3(c) (Subordinated 
Notes), any Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 will, if they are no longer treated as Tier 2 Capital 
(such as the Disqualified Subordinated Notes), change ranking so that they will rank senior to any present or future 
obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 
Capital fully or partly. For the avoidance of doubt, such change to a more senior rank would occur over the life of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes automatically as per the terms of Condition 3(c) (Subordinated Notes) without 
consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), any other 
creditors whose claims rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
the holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes. As a consequence, the risk of non-payment for the Subordinated 
Notes which are still fully or partly recognised as Tier 2 Capital would be increased. In the event of incomplete 
payment of unsubordinated creditors (and subordinated creditors ranking senior to any Subordinated Notes) upon 
the liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes will be 
terminated. 
 
Furthermore, as indicated in the risk factor entitled "The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which 
may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes" below, there is no restriction on the issuance by the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Issuer of additional senior obligations. As a consequence, if the Issuer enters into judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) proceedings or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer will be required to pay potentially 
substantial amounts of senior obligations (such as deposits, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) before any payment is made in respect of the Subordinated Notes.  
 
In addition, if a resolution proceeding is opened in respect of the Issuer, the Subordinated Notes (including the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes) would be written-down or converted in full before any of the Issuer's Senior 
Preferred Notes and any other present or future senior preferred obligations of the Issuer or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any other present or future senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer were written-down or 
converted due to the fact that the Subordinated Notes rank junior to Senior Preferred Obligations and Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations. 
 
As a consequence, holders of the Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
obligations (such as deposits, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and there is a substantial 
risk that holders of Subordinated Notes will lose all or a significant part of their investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent. 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to Senior Preferred Notes 
and certain obligations 
 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, where applicable, the Coupons related 
thereto) constitute senior non-preferred obligations within the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the French 
Code monétaire et financier (the "Senior Non-Preferred Law"). While the Senior Non-Preferred Notes by their 
terms are expressed to be direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, 
they nonetheless rank junior in priority of payment to senior preferred obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer’s senior 
preferred obligations include all of its deposit liabilities, its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial 
contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of the Senior Non-
Preferred Law and all unsubordinated or senior debt securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be senior 
non-preferred obligations within the meaning of the Senior Non-Preferred Law, including the Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
 
The amount of the Issuer’s outstanding senior preferred debt securities, the deposit liabilities and the fair market 
value of the Issuer's derivative liabilities are set forth in the Issuer’s consolidated financial statements (as of the 
respective dates specified therein) that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
 
Furthermore, as indicated in the risk factor entitled "The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which 
may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or 
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes" below, there is no restriction on the issuance by the 
Issuer of additional senior preferred obligations. As a consequence, if the Issuer enters into judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer will be required to pay 
potentially substantial amounts of senior preferred obligations (such as deposits and Senior Preferred Notes) 
before any payment is made in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
In addition, if a resolution proceeding is opened in respect of the Issuer, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be 
written down or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s senior preferred obligations were written down or 
converted due to the fact that senior non-preferred obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior 
to senior preferred obligations.  
 
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
preferred obligations (such as deposits and Senior Preferred Notes), and there is a substantial risk that holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or a significant part of their investments should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, or senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
The Conditions of the Notes place no restriction on the amount of debt (whether unsubordinated or subordinated) 
that the Issuer may issue that ranks (i) senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes or (ii) pari 
passu with the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and the aggregate 
amount due under such outstanding debt may be substantial. The Issuer’s incurrence of additional debt may have 
important consequences for Noteholders, including increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, a loss in the market value of the Notes, if any; and a downgrading or 
withdrawal of the credit rating of the Notes (if any). The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the 
amount recoverable by holders upon liquidation of the Issuer. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, 
the relevant Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest 
and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer was liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) or 
become subject to any resolution procedure, the relevant Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
 
Absence of events of default in respect of the Notes 
 
The Notes do not contain any events of default in accordance with Condition 9 (Events of Default). In no event 
will holders of the Notes be able to accelerate the maturity of their Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet 
any obligations under the Notes, Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment 
default, the sole remedy available to holders of Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of 
principal or interest on the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) for 
further information. 
 
Therefore, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected and Noteholders who sell Notes 
on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment. 
 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants 
 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with 
financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the 
Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay 
dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the 
Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, including those of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or 
part of their investment. 
 
2.3.2 Risks related to an early redemption of the Notes 
 
Risks relating to Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of certain events (including but not limited to (i) with respect to Subordinated Notes, a Special 
Event and (ii) with respect to Senior Notes, a Withiholding Tax Event, a Gross-up Event or a MREL 
Disqualification Event), subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional 
conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) or (ii) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated 
Notes prior to Maturity Date). Such right of termination is often provided for bonds or notes in periods of high 
interest rates. 
 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
 
If the market interest rates decrease, the risk for Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination 
increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed 
face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would 
not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. 
In addition, the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption provided in Condition 
6(b)(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption)  are exercisable in whole or in part. In the 
case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such outstanding Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. In the 
case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall contain 
the number of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. Depending on the proportion of 
the principal amount of all of the Dematerialised Notes so reduced or the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes to be redeemed, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not 
exercised may become illiquid. 
 
The qualification of the Senior Notes as MREL Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
 
French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities pursuant to Article L. 613-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier. The MREL (as defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes) shall be expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the 
institution and aims at avoiding institutions structuring their liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness 
of the Bail-in Tool. 
 
As contemplated by Condition 3 (Status), the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
intended to be MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations (each as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes). However, there is uncertainty regarding the evolution of the MREL Regulations, and the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not be or remain MREL Eligible Instruments. 
 
The CRD V Package gives effect to the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") term sheet set forth in the 
document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial Stability Board, entitled "Principles on Loss-
absorbing and Recapitalisation Capacity of G-SIBs in Resolution" as amended from time to time (the "FSB TLAC 
Term Sheet") and, together with BRRD II, modify the requirements applicable to the "minimum requirement for 
own funds and eligible liabilities" ("MREL"). The CRD V Package and BRRD II were implemented under French 
law by French Ordonnance n°2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 
December 2020. Whilst there are a number of similarities between the MREL requirements and the TLAC 
requirements, there are certain differences. 
 
While the Issuer believes that the Conditions of the Notes are consistent with the CRD V Package and BRRD II as 
implemented by French law, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not ultimately be 
MREL Eligible Instruments. If they are not MREL Eligible Instruments (or if they initially are MREL Eligible 
Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in MREL Regulations), then a MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) will occur and the Notes may be subject to early 
redemption, with the consequences indicated in the risk factor entitled "Risks relating to Notes subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer" and as a result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
 
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes in case of a Gross-Up Event 
 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the Conditions of the 
Notes, are legal under French law. If any payment obligation under the Notes, including any obligation to pay 
additional amounts under Condition 8 (Taxation), are held illegal under French law, the Issuer will have the right, 
but not the obligation, to redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event as described in Condition 
6(g)(ii) (Redemption, Purchase and Options - Redemption for taxation reasons)). Accordingly, if the Issuer does 
not redeem the Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount due under the Notes, and the market 
value of the Notes will be adversely affected.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Redemption of the Notes prior to the Maturity Date is subject to the prior permission of (i) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator and (ii) with respect to Senior Notes, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority 
 
Upon the occurrence of certain events described in Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), including, 
but not limited to, a MREL Disqualification Event (only with respect to Senior Notes), a Withholding Tax Event, 
a Gross-Up Event, a Tax Deductibility Event (only with respect to Subordinated Notes), a Capital Event (only 
with respect to Subordinated Notes) or if a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to the prior permission of (i) with respect to Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator and (ii) with 
respect to Senior Notes, the Relevant Resolution Authority, redeem the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes 
before their Maturity Date. The early redemption of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes may not occur 
should the Relevant Regulator or, as the case may be, the Relevant Resolution Authority refuse to give its 
permission, and if so, market value of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes may be affected negatively, and 
Noteholders may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Subordinated Notes. 
 
2.3.3 Risks related to interest rate applicable to the Notes 
 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Condition 5(b) (Interest and other Calculations - Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be 
issued. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
materially and adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of such Notes. 
 
While the nominal interest rate of a Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given period of 
time, the market interest typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of the Fixed 
Rate Note varies in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note 
typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the market interest rate. If the 
market interest rate decreases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed 
Rate Note equals approximately the market interest rate. 
 
Holders of Notes should be aware that movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the 
Fixed Rate Note and can lead to losses if they sell Notes during the period in which the market interest rate 
exceeds the fixed rate of such Note.  
 
Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell 
Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes 
 
Conditions 5(c) and 5(d) (Interest and other Calculations - Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Rate of Interest on 
CMS Linked Notes) allows for Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes such 
as Floating Rate Notes and/or CMS Linked Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprises, inter alia, (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin or an applicable rate to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base 
rate. Typically, the relevant margin or the applicable rate, as the case maybe, will not change throughout the life of 
such Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate 
(e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates should be taken as an indication 
of future performance of such interest rates during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes and/or the CMS Linked Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to 
market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these 
Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes/CMS Linked Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes/CMS Linked Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are 
not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes/CMS Linked Notes at the time they purchase them, so 
that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If 
the Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders  are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and 
CMS Linked Notes and give rise to investment risk. 
 
Risk relating to Benchmarks Regulation and other reforms and to certain benchmark rates that may be 
administered differently or discontinued in the future 
 
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes identifies that the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes will be determined by reference to interest rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA, SARON and EUR CMS), potential investors 
should be aware that such "benchmarks" have been subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be 
subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as 
may be amended from time to time (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. It, among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to 
an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities 
of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmarks Regulations as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides for equivalent sets of 
rules. 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark", including in any of the following circumstances:  
- 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do 
not apply; and  
- 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level 
of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA, SARON and EUR CMS): 
(i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark".

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
The Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 dated 27 November 2019 and further 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which 
introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring 
the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national 
authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional 
provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The Commission is 
empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create 
uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations. 
 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please 
refer to the risk factor entitled "Occurrence of a Benchmark Event" below). However, such fallback provisions 
may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further 
explained above. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Conditions, this 
may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at 
the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was 
available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to a "benchmark". 
 
Where a screen rate determination is specified as the manner of which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable) to be determined, Condition 5(e) (Interest 
and other Calculations - Benchmark Event) provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference 
rate (such as EUR CMS), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable) by reference to such benchmark 
under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 5(e) (Interest and other 
Calculations - Benchmark Event) shall not apply to Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, 
TONA or SARON. 
 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application of an 
adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of 
the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of 
the Noteholders. An Adjustment Spread, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a 
view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark). 
 
The Successor Rates or Alternative Rates may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly their 
general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or 
measure. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and 
expected performance of the relevant benchmark.  
 
In certain circumstances, including where (a) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
or (b) even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined by the Independent Adviser, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is adopted if and to the extent that, in the sole determination of 
the Issuer, the same would result in (x) (in the case of Senior Notes) a MREL Disqualification Event or (y) the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date (if, for example, the switch to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be 
inconsistent with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes) or (z) (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or (c) due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time, in all these circumstances set out in (a) to (c) above, 
other fallback rules might apply if the benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the 
rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) to be used for the following 
Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable). This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable). Noteholders might incur costs from 
unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase 
in rates. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and 
as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or 
Resettable Notes (as applicable) referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as 
applicable). Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such 
adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable) linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks".  
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows for Floating Rate Notes referencing the Euro Short Term 
Rate ("€STR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates 
("SOFR"), the Tokyo Overnight Average ("TONA") or the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") to be 
issued. Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR, TONA and SARON, as reference rates in the capital markets for Euro, Sterling, US Dollar, 
Japanese Yen or Swiss Franc, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered 
rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). The Issuer may in the future 
issue Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON in a way that differs materially in 
terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Floating Rate Notes issued by the Issuer 
referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON. 
 
The nascent development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON as interest reference rates for 
bond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA-, SOFR-, TONA- or SARON-based rates for 
such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of such Notes. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Notes to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Notes. 
 
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such risk free rates in the bond, 
loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Noteholders will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes 
 
Interest income on the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, the Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes cannot be 
anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not able to determine a definite yield of Fixed Rate 
Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on 
investment cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. Noteholders are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue fixed rate 
notes may negatively affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, 
the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes (and vice versa).  
 
Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factors caps, floors or a combination of those features 
 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their 
market values may be even more volatile than those of securities that do not include those features. A leverage 
factor may be applied to certain Notes in order to determine the interest amount payable on such Notes. Such 
leverage factor will magnify any negative performance of any applicable underlying reference rate. Any such 
volatility may negatively impact the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary 
market to lose part of their initial investment. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked Notes 
 
Condition 5(g) (Interest and other Calculations - Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate 
Notes, CMS/CMS Linked Notes) allows for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed 
Rate Notes and CMS Linked/Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, 
Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked/Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to, 
or which automatically, convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate or other rate, or from a floating rate or other 
rate to a fixed rate. Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS Linked Notes may bear 
interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to, or which automatically, convert from a fixed rate to a different fixed 
rate or from a floating rate to a different floating rate or from a fixed or floating rate to another interest rate 
determined by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d). The conversion (wether automatic or 
optional) will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since it may lead to a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate or other rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/CMS Linked Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate or other rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate or other rate is converted to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. Such volatility in interest rates may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Noteholders should also refer to the risk factors relating to 
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Inverse CMS Linked Notes 
 
Condition 5(f) (Interest and other Calculations - Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Inverse CMS Linked Notes) allows 
for Inverse Floating Rate Notes and Inverse CMS Linked Notes to be issued. Inverse Floating Rate Notes and 
Inverse CMS Linked Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
(EURIBOR,  €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA, SARON, EUR CMS or any other reference rate that might replace 
them). The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional 
floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes and Inverse CMS Linked Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not 
only decreases the interest rate of such Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes and as a consequence Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment in such Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Fixed Rate Resettable Notes 
 
Condition 5(b) (Interest and other Calculations - Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for Fixed Rate Resettable 
Notes to be issued. A holder of Fixed Rate Resettable Notes with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset 
during the term of the relevant securities is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Such Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes will, in respect of an initial period, 
bear interest at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rate of interest may be less 
than the initial rate of interest and/or less than the rate of interest that applies immediately prior to such reset date 
and may adversely affect the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the Notes. A holder of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
 
Structured Notes  
 
An investment in Notes, such as certain CMS Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes or Inverse CMS Linked 
Notes, the interest on which is determined by reference to one or more values of interest rates or formulae, either 
directly or inversely, may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a conventional debt 
security, including the risks that the resulting interest rate will be less than that payable on a conventional debt 
security at the same time. This may adversely affect the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the 
Notes. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates or formulae should be taken as an 
indication of future performance interest rates or other indices or formulae during the term of any Notes. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Condition 5(h) (Interest and other Calculations - Zero Coupon Notes) allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a much greater impact on the price of Zero Coupon Notes than on 
the price of ordinary securities because the issue price of securities issued below par are well below par. If interest 
rates rise, Zero Coupon Notes may suffer greater losses than other securities with the same maturity or credit 
rating that are not issued below par. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
 
The Notes may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  
 
Such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes 
issued at a substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities. 
 
2.3.4. 
Risks related to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds 
 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to issue 
"green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" and apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan 
categories (the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Green Bonds"), the eligible social loan 
categories (the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Social Bonds") or from both the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Notes being "Sustainability 
Bonds"), as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the 
Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time, the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
"Framework") 
which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). 
 
Noteholders should have regard to the information set out in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus 
as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds together 
with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, the use of such proceeds for any projects 
included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories may not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan 
Categories.  
 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a 
"green", "social" or "sustainable" or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment was 
adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a 
common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining which economic ctivities can be considered as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation 
or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any 
other environmental objectives entered into force on 1 January 2022. The technical criteria refer to environmental 
regulations or standards of which a good knowledge will be essential to evaluate the "alignment" (or conformity) 
of an activity. In some cases, the verification of the alignment of an activity can be done by the competent national 
authorities or independent authorities or independent certifiers. However, the Taxonomy Regulation or the 
Commission Delegated Regulation mentioned above remain subject to further developments with regard to other 
specific economic activities. 
 
On 2 February 2022, the European Commission approved in principle a Complementary Climate Delegated Act 
aiming to supplement the Delegated Regulation of 4 June 2021 and includes, under strict conditions, specific 
nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU taxonomy. This Act will be 
submitted to the European Parliament and Council for a period of six (6) months before being published. 
 
As a result, the definition of a “green” project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives related to 
climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project to qualify as a 
“green” project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of finalisation. However, there 
is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or market consensus as to what attributes are 
required for a particular asset or project to be classified as “social” or “sustainable” project or a project labelled as 
equivalent, and as such may not meet the criteria set by the EU taxonomy, or meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
 
The second party opinion provided by Vigeo Eiris or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and in particular with any projects included in the Eligible Green Loan Categories 
and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria 
may not be suitable for investors. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is only 
current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Noteholders must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. It is also specified that the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are and will be independent experts. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or any Eligible Social Loan Categories. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listing or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to 
another. Any such listing or admission to trading may not be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms: (i) 
the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible 
Social Loan Categories may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for 
such projects and such green and/or social projects may not be completed (totally or partially) within any specified 
period or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer and (ii) the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
may cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer (and not only losses stemming from Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories) pursuant to BRRD II. In addition, Noteholders should note that 
the Issuer may change its Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Eligible Green Loan Categories 
and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories at any time.  
 
Any (i) failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the Framework as completed by the relevant Final Terms, (ii) withdrawal 
of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification being superseded by an opinion or certification 
stating that the Issuer has not complied, in whole or in part, with any matters on which the original opinion or 
certification had opined or certified, (iii) lack of Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or Eligible Social Loan 
Categories that the Issuer may finance or refinance, (iv) event or circumstances resulting in the Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market and/or (v) failure to provide or publish any reporting, will not constitute an Event of Default 
under the Notes, create an obligation for the Issuer to redeem the Notes, give a right to the Noteholders to request 
the early redemption or the acceleration of the Notes and/or give any claim to the Noteholders against the Issuer. 
 
Any such events as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially 
the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance such projects and/or result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
 
The classification of Notes as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will not affect their status in 
terms of subordination or regulatory treatment. As to such status, please refer to the risk factors entitled "The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to Senior Preferred Notes and 
certain obligations" and "Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to Senior Notes". Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be subject to the loss absorption mechanism 
and/or, as the case may be, bail-in and resolution measures provided by BRRD II in the same way as any other 
Notes issued under the Programme. As to such measures, please refer to the risk factor entitled "The Notes may be 
subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity if the Issuer becomes subject to a resolution procedure".

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(i) 
be (or be advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge 
and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the 
relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) 
(have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
(iv) 
(understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
 
(vi) 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, 
(ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules. Neither the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has 
or assumes responsibility for (i) the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of 
the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it 
operates (if different), or (ii) compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or 
regulatory policy applicable to it; and 
 
(vii) 
ensure that, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, it complies with 
existing restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Notes generally and in any particular type of Notes. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
 
Interests of the Dealers 
 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.  
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  
 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist 
of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme.  
 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest 
 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations 
and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence any amount 
payable under the Notes. 
 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In 
such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in 
the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and 
on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
 
Taxation 
 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s country of incorporation and the jurisdiction of the 
investor, which may have an impact on the income received from the securities. In some jurisdictions, no official 
statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor.  
 
The Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors. 
 
The Notes are complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential 
investor in such Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including the 
possibility that the entire principal amount of the Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the 
Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Notes, and the 
impact of this investment on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
RETAIL CASCADES 
Certain tranches of Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the time of issue) may be offered in France (where the Base Prospectus has been passported) and/or 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions") in 
circumstances where there is no exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus (a "Non-exempt Offer") 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction for 
which it has given its consent referred to herein, for the content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Notes is made during the Offer Period (as defined below) and in the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
 
- 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended, as specified and subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms; or  
- 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any 
person and disclosure to any potential investor, (b) complies with the restrictions set out under 
“Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) complies 
with the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the 
"MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and 
any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the 
offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all 
licenses, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of interests in, or 
offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the 
minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available 
to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply 
with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and "know your client" rules applying to 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in 
any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
 
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). 
 
However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, 
including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
 
If so specified in the Final Terms of any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer of the relevant Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Offer Period") either (1) in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
by any financial intermediary which is authorised to make such offer under the Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
"MiFID II"), and which satisfies any conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms or (2) by the financial 
intermediaries, in the relevant Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) and subject to the relevant conditions, in each case 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, for so long as they are authorised to make such offer under MiFID II.  
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) beginning within twelve (12) months from the date 
of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF.  
 
The Issuer may give consent to additional financial intermediaries after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if 
it 
does 
so, 
the 
Issuer 
will 
publish 
the 
above 
information 
in 
relation 
to 
them 
on

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
http://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5008/fr/analyste-ou-investisseur. Such consent shall 
not extend beyond twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website that it is using the Base 
Prospectus for such Non-exempt Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Non-exempt Offer may be made during the relevant Offer 
Period by any of the Issuer, the Dealers or any relevant Authorised Offeror in any relevant Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction and subject to any relevant conditions, in each case all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-
exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with its offer of any Notes. No such offers are made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has, or takes, any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such Non-exempt Offers. 
 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, 
allocation and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer"). The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the 
offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information. The Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be published by that Authorised Offeror on its 
website at the relevant time of such Non-exempt Offer. None of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or other 
Authorised Offerors has, or takes any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously published and filed with the CSSF and which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
(a) the sections referred to in the table below, included in the French language version of the 2022 universal 
registration document of the Issuer - filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers under 
reference D.23-0277 on 13 April 2023 (the "2022 Universal Registration Document" - Hyperlink: 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2023-
04/aka2022_urd_fr_mel_230414.pdf) containing the audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
the Issuer and audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the "2022 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"); 
 
(b) the sections referred to in the table below, included in the French language version of the 2021 universal 
registration document of the Issuer - filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers under 
reference D.22-0296 on 14 April 2022 (the "2021 Universal Registration Document" - Hyperlink: 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-
04/aka2021_arkea_urd_fr_mel.pdf) containing the audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
the Issuer and audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements"); 
 
(c) the sections "Terms and Condition of the Notes" of the following bases prospectuses and supplements 
relating thereto: 
 
(i) base prospectus dated 22 July 2022 (pages 41 to 79) (the "2022 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2022-07/cma_-_emtn_2022_-
_base_prospectus.pdf), 
 
(ii) 
base prospectus dated 15 July 2021 (pages 42 to 80) (the "2021 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-07/cma_-_emtn_2021_-
_base_prospectus_-_v._finale_1.pdf), 
 
(iii) 
base prospectus dated 30 June 2020 (pages 89 to 129) and the third supplement dated 3rd March 
2021 to the base prospectus dated 30 June 2020 (pages 22 and 23) (the "2020 EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-07/cma_-_emtn_2020_-
_base_prospectus_-_v_finale1.pdf 
https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2021-
03/emtn_cma_-_supplement_n3_final.pdf), 
 
(iv) 
base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (pages 89 to 129), the third supplement dated 
10 January 2020 to the base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (page 15) and the fourth supplement 
dated 6 March 2020 to the base prospectus dated 25 June 2019 (page 14) (the "2019 EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2019-
06/cma_emtn_2019_-_base_prospectus_v._finale.pdf, 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-
01/supplement_to_prospectus_-_base_final_200110_c-024599.pdf 
and 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2020-
03/supplement_cma_programme_emtn_final.pdf),

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(v) 
base prospectus dated 5 September 2018 (pages 95 to 132) and the second supplement dated 
28 February 2019 to the base prospectus dated 5 September 2018 (page 11) (the "2018 EMTN 
Conditions" 
- 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2018-
09/base_prospectus_cma.2018.pdf 
and 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2019-
02/supplement_cma_programme_emtn_final.pdf),  
 
(vi) 
base prospectus dated 31 August 2017 (pages 77 to 111) (the "2017 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2017-
09/emtn-base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-31082017.pdf),  
 
(vii) 
base prospectus dated 21 July 2015 (pages 56 to 87) (the "2015 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2015-
07/emtn-base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-21072015.pdf), and 
 
(viii) base prospectus dated 27 May 2011 (pages 37 to 61) (the "2011 EMTN Conditions" - 
Hyperlink: 
https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/upload/docs/application/pdf/2014-
06/base-prospectus-credit-mutuel-arkea-27052011.pdf and, together with the 2022 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions and the 2015 EMTN 
Conditions, the "EMTN Previous Conditions") for the purpose only of further issue of Notes to 
be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
relevant EMTN Previous Conditions). 
 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) and/or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding (and, with respect to the publication 
on the website of the Issuer, for at least ten (10) years from the date of their publication). Free English translations 
of the 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Universal Registration Document are also available for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5033/fr/documents-d-enregistrement-universels) for information 
purposes only. 
 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, 
the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein is for 
information purposes only and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross 
reference list below. The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference, i.e. the pages not 
listed in the cross-reference list below, do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation No 
2019/980/EU, as modified 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
2021Universal 
Registration Document 
1. 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE, THIRD PARTY 
INFORMATION, 
EXPERTS' 
REPORTS 
AND 
COMPETENT 
AUTHORITY 
APPROVAL

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
1.1 
Identify 
all 
persons 
responsible 
for 
the 
information or any parts of it, given in the 
registration document with, in the latter case, an 
indication of such parts. In the case of natural 
persons, including members of the Issuer's 
administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies, indicate the name and function of the 
person; in the case of legal persons indicate the 
name and registered office. 
N/A 
N/A 
1.2 
A declaration by those responsible for the 
registration document that to the best of their 
knowledge, the information contained in the 
registration document is in accordance with the 
facts and that the registration document makes 
no omission likely to affect its import. 
N/A 
N/A 
2. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the Issuer's auditors for 
the period covered by the historical financial 
information (together with their membership in 
a professional body). 
N/A 
N/A 
2.2 
If auditors have resigned, been removed or have 
not been re-appointed during the period covered 
by the historical financial information, indicate 
details if material. 
N/A 
N/A 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the Issuer and that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
securities, in a limited number of categories, in 
a section headed "Risk Factors". 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the Issuer, offeror or person 
asking for admission to trading on a regulated 
market, taking into account the negative impact 
on the Issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk 
factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document. 
Pages 210 to 227 
N/A 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
Pages 17 to 18 
N/A 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer. 
Page 402 
N/A

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration 
number 
and 
legal 
entity 
identifier ("LEI"). 
Pages 402 and 403 
N/A 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of 
life of the Issuer, except where the period is 
indefinite. 
Page 402 
N/A 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, 
the legislation under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its registered 
office (or principal place of business if 
different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the website does not 
form part of the prospectus unless that 
information is incor-porated by reference into 
the prospectus. 
Page 402 
N/A 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the 
Issuer and which are to a material extent 
relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer's 
solvency. 
N/A 
N/A 
4.1.6 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer at the 
request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in 
the rating process. A brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider. 
N/A 
N/A 
4.1.7 
Information on the material change in the 
Issuer's borrowing and funding structure since 
the last financial year. 
N/A 
N/A 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the 
Issuer's activities. 
Pages 254 to 256  
N/A 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal 
activities, including: 
 
 
 
(a) the main categories of product sold 
and/or services performed; 
Pages 19 to 25 and 93 
N/A 
 
(b) an indication of any significant new 
products or activities; 
Pages 27 to 33 
N/A

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(c) the principal markets in which the Issuer 
competes. 
Page 402 
N/A 
5.2. 
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
Page 19 
N/A 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer's position 
within the group. This may be in the form of, or 
accompanied by, a diagram of the organisational 
structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
Pages 8 to 10 and 34 to 
35 
N/A 
6.2. 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities 
within the group, this must be clearly stated 
together with an explanation of this dependence. 
N/A 
N/A 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
 
7.1 
A description of: 
 
 
 
(a) any material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since the date of its 
last 
published 
audited 
financial 
statements; 
N/A 
N/A 
 
(b) any significant change in the financial 
performance of the group since the end of 
the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published 
to the date of the registration document. 
N/A 
N/A 
 
 
If neither of the above are applicable then the 
Issuer should include (an) appropriate negative 
statement(s). 
 
 
7.2 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likely to have a material effect on 
the Issuer's prospects for at least the current 
financial year. 
Pages 88 to 89 
N/A 
8. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
8.1 
Where an Issuer includes on a voluntary basis a 
profit forecast or a profit estimate, that forecast 
or 
estimate 
included 
in 
the 
registration 
document must contain the information set out 
in items 8.2 and 8.3. If a profit forecast or profit 
estimate has been published and is still 
outstanding, but no longer valid, then provide a 
statement to that effect and an explanation of 
why such profit forecast or estimate is no longer 
valid. Such an invalid forecast or estimate is not 
subject to the requirements in items 8.2 and 8.3. 
N/A 
N/A 
8.2 
Where an Issuer chooses to include a new 
profit forecast or a new profit estimate, or 
where the Issuer includes a previously 
published profit forecast or a previously 
published profit estimate pursuant to item 
8.1, the profit forecast or estimate shall be 
clear and unambiguous and contain a 
statement 
setting 
out 
the 
principal 
assumptions upon which the Issuer has 
based its forecast, or estimate.  
The forecast or estimate shall comply with 
the following principles:  
N/A 
N/A 
 
(a) there must be a clear distinction between 
assumptions about factors which the 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies can 
influence and assumptions about factors 
which 
are 
exclusively 
outside 
the 
influence 
of 
the 
members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory bodies; 
 
 
 
(b) the assumptions must be reasonable, 
readily 
understandable 
by 
investors, 
specific and precise and not relate to the 
general 
accuracy 
of 
the 
estimates 
underlying the forecast; and 
 
 
 
(c) in the case of a forecast, the assumptions 
shall draw the investor's attention to those 
uncertain factors which could materially 
change the outcome of the forecast. 
 
 
8.3 
The prospectus shall include a statement that the 
profit forecast or estimate has been compiled 
and prepared on a basis which is both: 
N/A 
N/A 
 
(a) comparable with the historical financial 
information;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(b) consistent with the Issuer's accounting 
policies. 
 
 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
 
9.1. 
Names, business addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the following persons and 
an indication of the principal activities 
performed by them outside of that Issuer 
where these are significant with respect to 
that Issuer: 
Pages 59 to 60 
 
 
(a) members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
Pages 40 to 53 
N/A 
 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a share 
capital. 
 
 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the Issuer, of the persons referred to in 
item 9.1, and their private interests and or other 
duties must be clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
 
 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1. 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether 
the Issuer is directly or indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom and describe the nature 
of such control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
Pages 8, 145 and 402 
N/A 
10.2. 
A description of any arrangements, known to 
the Issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of 
the Issuer. 
N/A 
N/A 
11. 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Pages 272 to 273 
Pages 92 and 93 
 
Income Statement 
Page 274 
Page 94

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Statement of cash flows  
Page 277 
Page 98 
 
Notes 
Pages 303 to 370 
Pages 122 to 186 
 
Auditors' report  
Pages 408 to 413 
Pages 342 to 346 
 
Statement of net income and gains and losses 
recognized directly in equity 
Page 275 
Page 95 
 
Change in shareholders' equity 
Page 276 
Pages 96 and 97 
11.2 
Interim and other financial information 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Income Statement 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Statement of cash flows  
N/A 
N/A 
 
Notes 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Auditors' report  
N/A 
N/A 
 
Statement of net income and gains and losses 
recognized directly in equity 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Change in shareholders' equity 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3 
Auditing of historical financial information 
 
 
11.3.1 
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall 
be prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2006/43/EC 
and 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
537/2014. 
Page 403 
Page 339 
 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not apply: 
 
 
 
(a) the historical financial information must 
be audited or reported on as to whether or 
not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in 
accordance 
with 
auditing 
standards 
applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(b) where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused by 
the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of 
matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter must be reproduced 
in full. 
 
 
11.3.2 
Indication 
of 
other 
information 
in 
the 
registration document which has been audited 
by the auditors. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3.3 
Where financial information in the registration 
document is not extracted from the Issuer's 
audited financial statements state the source of 
the data and state that the data is not audited. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.4. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.4.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which 
may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or group's 
financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.5. 
Significant change in the Issuer's financial 
position 
 
 
11.5.1 
A description of any significant change in the 
financial position of the group which has 
occurred since the end of the last financial 
period for which either audited financial 
information or interim financial information 
have been published, or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
N/A 
N/A 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
12.1 
Share capital

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
The amount of the issued capital, the 
number and classes of the shares of which it 
is composed with details of their principal 
characteristics, the part of the issued capital 
still to be paid up with an indication of the 
number, or total nominal value and the type 
of the shares not yet fully paid up, broken 
down where applicable according to the 
extent to which they have been paid up. 
Pages 372 and 375 
N/A 
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 
 
 
The register and the entry number therein, 
if applicable, and a description of the 
Issuer's objects and purposes and where they 
can be found in the memorandum and 
articles of association. 
Page 402 
N/A 
13. 
MATERIAL CONTRACT 
 
 
 
A brief summary of all material contracts 
that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of the Issuer's business, which could 
result in any group member being under an 
obligation or entitlement that is material to 
the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to 
security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued 
Page 403 
N/A 
14. 
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
 
 
 
A statement that for the term of the registration 
document the following documents, where 
applicable, can be inspected: 
 
 
 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of 
association of the Issuer; 
N/A 
N/A 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, 
valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Issuer's request any part of 
which is included or referred to in the 
registration document. 
N/A 
N/A 
 
An indication of the website on which the 
documents may be inspected 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 27 May 2011, the base prospectus of the Issuer 
dated 21 July 2015, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 31 August 2017, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
5 September 2018, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 25 June 2019, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 
June 2020, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 July 2021 and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
22 July 2022 do not form part of the Base Prospectus and are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In connection with Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in Luxembourg 
and/or in any other Member State of the European Economic Area, unless the Issuer does not intend to issue Notes 
under the Programme for the time being, if at any time during the duration of the Programme a significant change 
affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus, or generally any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of 
any Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") 
in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/979 as amended or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier in Luxembourg for approval and supply each Dealer, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg with such number of copies of such Supplement 
as may reasonably be requested.  
 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the relevant Final Terms 
relate to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes 
before any Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two (2) working days after the publication 
of this supplement, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy referred to in Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of the 
offer or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the 
relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the relevant Supplement. 
On 7 July 2024, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply. 
 
Any Supplement shall be (a) published on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
and/or (ii) Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-
emtn) in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that, subject to completion in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of 
Notes which is being admitted to trading on a regulated market or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
EEA, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but 
will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms 
(and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to 
"Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
 
The Notes are issued by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue 
dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue 
price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder and supplemented, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche) will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms of 
such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated 7 July 2023 (the 
"Agency Agreement") entered into between the Issuer and BNP Paribas as fiscal agent, principal paying agent and 
paying agent and the other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agent and the calculation agent(s) for 
the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agent" (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders of the interest coupons (the 
"Coupons") relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons 
(the "Talons") for further Coupons are referred to below as the "Couponholders". 
 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
 
(a) 
Form 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and 
R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of Notes or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Agent"). 
 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) such as the name or the 
company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case 
may be, email address of such holders. 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
 
(ii) Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form ("Definitive 
Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are 
not applicable.  
 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form 
and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Fixed Rate Resettable Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "CMS 
Linked Notes", "Inverse Floating Rate Notes", "Inverse CMS Linked Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes", "Fixed/CMS Linked Notes", "Floating/Fixed Rate Notes", "CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate 
Notes", "Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Notes", "CMS/CMS Linked Notes", "Zero 
Coupon Notes", or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the 
redemption method specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
 
(b) 
Denomination 
 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"), save that all Notes shall have a minimum denomination of €50,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency at the date of issue of such Notes) or, in the case of Senior Notes, such higher amount as 
may be required from time to time by any applicable laws or regulations for the purposes of being treated 
as MREL Eligible Instruments). 
 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.  
 
(c) 
Title 
 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon attached, shall 
pass by delivery. 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note (as 
defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any 
writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
 
In these Conditions,

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (b) in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talons relating to it. 
 
Capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
or in administered registered form, (au nominatif administré). 
 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
 
3. 
Status 
 
The Notes may be either senior Notes (the "Senior Notes") or Subordinated Notes. The Senior Notes may 
be either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in each case as defined below and as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms specify as being Senior 
Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) pari passu without preference among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer and any obligations ranking junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and  
(iii) junior to all present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the 
Coupons relating to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and future claims benefiting from

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
statutory preferences; and 
 
(ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Preferred 
Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL Regulations 
but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes 
shall not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments. 
However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), if a 
MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms specify as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), and, where applicable, any Coupon relating to them are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer, and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(i) pari passu without preference among themselves and with other Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
 
(ii) senior to Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(iii) junior to present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences, including Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the 
holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of such Notes and including, where applicable, the 
Coupons relating to them, will have a right to payment under the Notes: 
 
(i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and other present and 
future claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and 
 
(ii) subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Subordinated Notes and other present and 
future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer and in the event of 
incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
be terminated by operation of law. 
 
To the extent permitted by the MREL Regulations, it is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the MREL 
Regulations but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer qualify as MREL Eligible 
Instruments. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event), if a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes which the applicable Final Terms specify as to be Subordinated

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Notes) and including, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank: 
 
(1) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
 
(2) 
so long as the Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such Subordinated 
Notes being thereafter referred to as "Qualifying Subordinated Notes"): 
 
(a) 
pari passu with (x) any present or future obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer 
which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly and 
(y) any other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank equally with the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes; 
 
(b) 
junior to (x) any Disqualified Subordinated Notes (as defined below) and (y) any other 
present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes; 
 
(3) 
if and when the Subordinated Notes no longer constitute Tier 2 Capital in whole, but not in part 
(such Subordinated Notes being thereafter referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"):  
 
(a) 
senior to (x) any present or future obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which 
constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and any other present or future direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes;  
 
(b) 
pari passu with any other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and  
 
(c) 
junior to any other present and future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to the Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; 
 
(4) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued 
by the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés" or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang); and 
 
(5) 
junior to any present and future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
 
Subject to applicable law, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights 
of payment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes in respect of such Subordinated Notes and including, 
where applicable, the Coupons relating to them (if any) shall be: 
 
(i) 
subordinated to the payment in full of: 
 
(a) 
all unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of Senior Preferred Notes and 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
 
(b) 
with respect to Qualifying Subordinated Notes, (x) any present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
expressed to rank senior to the Subordinated Notes and (y) any holder of Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(c) 
with respect to Disqualifying Subordinated Notes, any other present and future direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are 
expressed to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and 
 
(ii) 
subject to such payment in full, paid in priority to: 
 
(a) 
(x) with respect to Disqualified Subordinated Notes, any present or future obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 
2020, Tier 2 Capital fully or partly (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and any 
other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and (y) any other present and 
future direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that rank 
or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes; and  
 
(b) 
any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by 
the Issuer and deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés" or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
 
In the context of any such judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer and in the event of 
incomplete payment of any obligations of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank senior to such 
Subordinated Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with such Subordinated Notes will be 
terminated by operation of law. 
 
If an insolvency proceeding or voluntary liquidation applies to the Issuer, the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes including, where applicable, the Coupons relating to them, shall be responsible for taking all steps 
necessary to preserve the rights they may have against the Issuer. 
 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall be treated for supervisory purposes as 
Tier 2 Capital. Disqualified Subordinated Notes shall rank senior to any present or future obligations or 
capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or constituted prior to 28 December 2020, Tier 2 Capital 
fully or partly (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes). However, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event). 
 
(d) 
Definitions 
 
"BRRD II" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms as amended by Directive (UE) 2019/879. 
 
"FSB TLAC Term Sheet" means the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") term sheet set forth in the 
document dated 9 November 2015 published by the Financial Stability Board, entitled "Principles on Loss-
absorbing and Recapitalisation Capacity of G-SIBs in Resolution", as amended from time to time. 
 
"Group" means any local savings bank (caisse locale) of the Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel 
du Sud-Ouest federations and of any federation affiliated to the Issuer from time to time, the Issuer and any 
of its subsidiaries from time to time taken as a whole. 
 
"MREL" refers to the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for banking 
institutions under the BRRD II, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD II (as transposed in Article 
L. 613-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier) and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, or any successor requirement. 
 
"MREL Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is eligible to meet the MREL Requirements.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the applicable laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to (i) MREL and (ii) additional requirements that may become applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group in connection with the implementation of the TLAC standard set forth in the FSB TLAC Term 
Sheet or any successor principles, including any relevant implementing legislation and regulation 
applicable in France.  
 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the MREL Regulations. 
 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall 
or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
 
"Senior Preferred Notes" means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. For the avoidance of doubt, all unsubordinated debt securities issued by the Issuer 
prior to the entry into force of Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the French Code monétaire et financier on 11 
December 2016 shall constitute Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
"Subordinated Notes" means any subordinated obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which 
are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce and fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3 I 5° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
 
(a) 
Definitions 
 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded. 
 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, in their updated 
version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be 
supplemented, amended or superseded. 
 
"Applicable Rate" means the rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
may be a Fixed Rate or a Floating Rate. 
 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms, such as EURIBOR, €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR, TONA, SARON, EUR CMS or any other reference rate that might replace them. 
 
"Business Day" means: 
 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Eurosystem's real-time gross settlement system (known as 
T2) which utilises a single shared platform or any successor thereto (the "T2 System") is operating 
(a "T2 Business Day"), and/or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency, and/or 
 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
 
"CMS Rate", "CMS Rate1" and "CMS Rate2" mean the relevant CMS Reference Rate(s) as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. 
"CMS Reference Rate" means the EUR CMS specified in the Final Terms relating to the relevant maturity 
(the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, being Reuters page "ISDAFIX2" under the heading "EURIBOR Basis" (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), as at Relevant Time which shall be 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11.00 on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first (1st) day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or 
not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/365-FBF" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
 
in each case, where  
 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date and  
 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 
February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than 
one year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
 
 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
 
 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in 
the first paragraph of this definition. 
 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365. 
 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360. 
 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day 
of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to 
a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)). 
 
(vii) 
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose 
numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th nor the 
31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of 31 days. 
 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF the fraction is: 
 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1  (30,31) 
 
then: 
 
 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
or 
 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]. 
 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 
360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of a Calculation Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
 
(ix) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days elapsed during such 
period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject to the following 
the exception: 
 
360
1
360
1

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days 
elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days. 
 
Where: 
 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
 
The fraction is: 
 
 x [(yy2 - yy1) x 360 + (mm2 - mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]. 
 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 
25 March 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam (signed in Amsterdam on 2 October 1997). 
 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, in their updated version applicable as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
 
"First Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if there is no Second Reset Date, the Maturity Date. 
 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset Period and the First 
Margin. 
 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period 
Date. 
 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the 
case may be. 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two T2 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
360
1

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro. 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date or such other date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or, 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of the Notes. 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, for any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest 
payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a 
fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Market Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating 
rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) for the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
 
"Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is Euro 
or other reference rate for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate, or such other rate, if any, as will have 
generally replaced EURIBOR or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the 
relevant market at the relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate as determined by the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and pursuant to the 
terms set forth in Condition 5(e). 
 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(a) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
 
(i) with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
 
(b) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency:

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(i) with a term specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
"Rate Multiplier", "Rate Multiplier1" and "Rate Multiplier2" means the relevant number(s) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms calculated on the basis of the Conditions. 
 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the reference rate (which, in the 
case of EURIBOR or EUR CMS shall be the Euro-zone). 
 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate, Underlying Value or CMS Rate to 
be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
financial centre with which the relevant reference rate is most closely connected (which, in the case of 
EURIBOR or EUR CMS, shall be the Euro-zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon 
further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, 
such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
 
"Relevant Rate", "Relevant Rate1" and "Relevant Rate2" mean the Benchmark(s) for a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the relevant Benchmark) 
equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date or any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate. 
 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits 
in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose 
"local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time). 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate or Underlying Value to be determined 
in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
 
"Reset Date" means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset Date, 
as applicable. 
 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
"Reset Period" means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable. 
 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of five leading dealers in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with 
the Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(i). 
 
"Subsequent Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date or, in the case of the 
final Subsequent Reset Date, to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of interest 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the 
case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
If a Fixed Rate Note is specified in the applicable Final Terms as resettable ("Fixed Rate Resettable 
Note"), the Rate of Interest will initially be a fixed rate and will then be resettable as provided below. 
Each Fixed Rate Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or (if there is no Second Reset Date) the Maturity Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
Such interest shall be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on each Reset Determination Date, calculate 
the amount of interest payable for each relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will cause such amount of interest for each Interest Period falling within each Reset 
Period to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to the Noteholders and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Fixed Rate Resettable Notes are listed as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the first day of each Reset Period. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
 
If, on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the 
case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the 
relevant quotation provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, if none, the Initial Rate of Interest. 
 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(l). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in accordance with the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = FBF Rate + Margin; or 
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (FBF Rate1 – FBF Rate2)]. 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate", "FBF Rate1" and "FBF Rate2" for an 
Interest Accrual Period means (a) rate(s) equal(s) to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction (Echange) in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by the FBF Definitions and under which: 
 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms,  
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and "Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to those terms in the 
FBF Definitions. 
 
Where any Floating Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time 
(for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
 
 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
 
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2006 Definitions" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = ISDA Rate + Margin; or 
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (ISDA Rate1 –ISDA Rate2)].  
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate", "ISDA Rate1" and "ISDA Rate2" 
for an Interest Accrual Period means rate(s) equal(s) to the Floating Rate Option that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which:  
 
a. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
 
b. 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and  
 
c. 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.   
 
If "Floating Rate Option" in the relevant Final Terms provides that the Rate of Interest will be 
determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear 
interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate provided that 
the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately 
superior to the length of the same relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
 
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and "2021 Definitions" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = ISDA Rate + Margin; or 
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (ISDA Rate1 –ISDA Rate2)].  
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), "ISDA Rate", "ISDA Rate1" and "ISDA Rate2" 
for an Interest Accrual Period means rate(s) equal(s) to the Floating Rate Option that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions under which:  
 
a. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
 
b. 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
c. 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
d. 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions;  
 
e. 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Interest Commencement Date; 
 
f. 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
 
g. 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to 
"Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be 
to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as 
defined in these Conditions); and 
 
h. 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option and Compounding is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph c. above, the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the 
last occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, 
the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no 
number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
 
 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms; 
 
 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lookback" for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
 
 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in the 
Final Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified 
as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); and 
 
 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as specified in the Final Terms and the 
Lockout is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as 
such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Calculation Agent", "Compounding with 
Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period Shift", 
"Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Floating Rate", "Lockout Period Business Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation 
Period Shift", "OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period End Date", 
"Reset Date", "Set in Advance" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.   
 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall apply 
to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall, 
subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(e), be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(1) Rate of Interest = Relevant Rate + Margin; or 
 
(2) Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (Relevant Rate1 – Relevant Rate2)]. 
 
at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with the following: 
 
(a) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Relevant Screen Page, subject as provided below,

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the basis of: 
 
 
(i) 
the Relevant Rate(s) (where such Relevant Rate(s) on such Relevant Screen Page 
is/are a composite quotation or is/are customarily supplied by one entity) or 
 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates appear 
on that Relevant Screen Page, 
 
in each case appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (a)(i) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer than two 
Relevant Rates appear on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is 
quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent,  
 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the 
nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two out of five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal 
Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such 
banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for 
a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the 
Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to 
leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of 
Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any 
difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period), 
(d) 
When SONIA is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as specified in the Final Terms 
(the "SONIA Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SONIA Lookback Compound (non Index Determination), SONIA 
Shift Compound (non Index Determination), SONIA Payment Delay Compound (non Index 
Determination) or SONIA Compound (Index Determination) as follows: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be 
SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be 
SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any);  
(z)  
if SONIA Payment Delay Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be SONIA-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in 
the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
if SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be SONIA-
COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(d): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the Relevant Rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to 
but excluding the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a Relevant Rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the Relevant Rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards:

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking Day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a Relevant Rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is 
equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i". 
"SONIA-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the Relevant Rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d"means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of London Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
"Interest Accrual Periods" each period from (and including) an Interest Accrual 
Period End Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date 
(or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer 
elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
"Interest Accrual Period End Dates" shall have the meaning specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Dates" shall be the number of Business Days equal to the Interest 
Payment Delay following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, 
the redemption date; 
"Interest Payment Delay" means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date 
at the end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment 
Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such London Banking Day “i" up to 
(but excluding) the following London Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIAi" means for any London Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day “i". 
"SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is a number of London Banking 
Day(s) prior to the end of each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption 
date, as applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SONIA Compound with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the level of SONIA for each London Banking Day in the period from 
(and including) the SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SONIA in respect of such 
SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date.  
"SONIA-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a compounded average interest 
investment (it being understood that the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest is 
the Compounded Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating to such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a Relevant Rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking Day shall be the 
SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors.  
In the event that the SONIA Compounded Index value originally published by the 
administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) on any London 
Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is published by the 
administrator of SONIA on the original date of publication, then such corrected value, 
instead of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the SONIA 
Compounded Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page on any 
SONIA Compounded Index determination date, the “SONIA-COMPOUND” shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation 
Shift Days” shall mean the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day "i-pLBD" or "i", as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be (i) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over 
the previous five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate (the "SONIA Replacement Rate"). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance 
as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance 
in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the paragraph above, if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SONIA by the SONIA 
replacement rate or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in an MREL Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no SONIA replacement rate will be adopted 
by the Calculation Agent, and the SONIA replacement rate for the relevant Interest Period 
will be equal to the last SONIA available on the SONIA Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this provision, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(e) 
When SOFR is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in the respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest determination, as specified in the Final Terms 
(the "SOFR Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout Compound, SOFR 
Payment Delay Compound,  SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or SOFR 
Index Average, as follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent where the SOFR 
rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
(excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); 
(z)  
if SOFR Payment Delay Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
USD-SOFR-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any);  
(xx) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be, USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); 
(yy) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); or 
(zz) 
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate if

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(e): 
If the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations 
on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent 
will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(e), including any determination with respect to a tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the paragraph above, if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SARON by the SARON 
replacement rate or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in an MREL Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON replacement rate will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON replacement rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will be equal to the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this provision, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" that is a SOFR Interest 
Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or such other date specified in the Final Terms; and 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each 
SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, 
but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be 
the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period.  
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (i+1); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i".  
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (i+1); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal 
to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i". 
"USD-SOFR-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business Days equal to the Interest 
Payment Delay following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if 
the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the 
end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, means the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (“i+1”); and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day “i". 
For purposes of calculating SOFR with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level 
of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date. 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a compounded average 
interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) 
which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd; 
"SOFR Index" means the SOFR Index in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website. 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the 
first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (a "SOFR Index Determination Date"); and 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date). 
Subject to paragraph (iii) of the definition of "SOFR" below, if the SOFR Index is not 
published on any relevant SOFR Index Determination Date and a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the "USD-

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with 
respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with "USD-SOFR-SHIFT-
COMPOUND" and the term "Observation Shift Days" shall mean two U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days. If a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the provisions set forth in the definition of "SOFR" below 
shall apply. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(e): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order presented in 
clause (iii) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determine that no market practice for use 
of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determine is reasonably necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component);  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that either (a) the Benchmark is no longer 
representative, (b) the Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
(c) the use of the Benchmark has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the relevant Notes; or 
(iv) 
the Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor administrator) for 
five consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment. 
"New York Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"New York Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the New York Federal 
Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the New York 
Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Business Day as published by the New York Federal Reserve, as the administrator of 
such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such 
successor administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR 
Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, unless 
both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for 
the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USGSBD" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(f) When €STR is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the Floating 
Rate Notes, the €STR rate of interest determination, as specified in the Final Terms (the 
"€STR Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
could be either €STR Lookback Compound or €STR Shift Compound, as follows:  
(x) 
if €STR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); or 
(y)  
if €STR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
 
"€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the €STR as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0" for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any T2 Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
relevant T2 Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 Business in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling 
"p" T2 Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" T2 Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such 
Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“€STRi” for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to the 
€STR in respect of that T2 Business Day “i”;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant T2 Business 
Day in chronological order from (and including) the first T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such T2 Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following T2 Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling a number of T2 Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first day of the such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number 
of T2 Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(f): 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of 
10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to 
time; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) 
at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published 
as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following 
such T2 Business Day; 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and no 
€STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 Business 
Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, 
the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the 
rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the paragraph above, if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current €STR by the €STR replacement 
rate or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement such 
replacement would result in an MREL Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no €STR replacement rate will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent, and the €STR replacement rate for the relevant Interest Period will be 
equal to the last €STR available on the €STR Screen Page as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this provision, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(f): 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended 
Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which 
banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European 
Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of 
the 30 T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that 
the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread.  
 
(g) 
When TONA is specified as the Relevant Rate in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the TONA rate of interest determination, as specified in the Final Terms 
(the "TONA Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either TONA Lookback Compound, TONA Shift Compound or TONA 
Payment Delay Compound, as follows:  
(x)   
if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (in any); 
(y)  
if TONA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be TONA-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (in 
any); or 
(z)  
if TONA Payment Delay Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
TONA-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (in any).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
"TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the TONA as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"d0" is the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" means, for any Tokyo Banking Day "i", the number of calendar days from and including 
such Tokyo Banking Day "i" up to but excluding the following Tokyo Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo Banking Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" or "TBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo; 
"TONA", in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, is equal to the daily Tokyo Overnight 
Average rate in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day as published by the Bank of Japan on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors, on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following such 
Tokyo Banking Day; and 
"TONAi-pTBD", means for any Tokyo Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, the TONA in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day "i". 
"TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (with the TONA as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following Tokyo 
Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the date falling a number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of Tokyo Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
“Tokyo Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or 
any successor administrator); 
“TONAi” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to 
TONA in respect of that day “i”. 
"TONA-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the TONA as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards : 
  
[∏(1 + 𝑇𝑂𝑁𝐴𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
] × 365
𝑑 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Tokyo 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the date set for redemption); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business Days equal to the Interest 
Payment Delay following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if 
the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the 
end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the TONA Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such Tokyo Banking Day “i" up to (but 
excluding) the following Tokyo Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Tokyo Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
“TONA” means the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or 
any successor administrator); 
“TONAi” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is equal to 
TONA in respect of that day “i"; and 
“TONA Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of Tokyo Banking Day(s) prior 
to the end of each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For purposes of calculating TONA with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the level 
of TONA for each Tokyo Banking Day in the period from (and including) the TONA Rate 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall 
be the level of TONA in respect of such TONA Rate Cut-Off Date. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(g): 
If, in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day falling "p" Tokyo Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day "i", the Calculation Agent determines that the TONA is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such TONA shall be the TONA in respect of the first preceding Tokyo Banking 
Day on which the TONA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the paragraph above, if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current TONA by the TONA 
replacement rate or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in an MREL Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no TONA replacement rate will be adopted 
by the Calculation Agent, and the TONA replacement rate for the relevant Interest Period will 
be equal to the last TONA available on the TONA Screen Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this provision, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(h) 
When SARON is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Relevant Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the SARON rate of of interest determination, as specified in the Final 
Terms (the "SARON Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined could be either SARON Lookback Compound, SARON Shift Compound or 
SARON Payment Delay Compound, as follows: 
(w)   if SARON Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (in any); 
(x)  
if SARON Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be SARON-
SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (in 
any); 
(y)  
if SARON Payment Delay Compound is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
SARON-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (in any); or 
(z) 
if SARON Index Determination is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be 
SARON Index Determination plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (in any). 
"SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (with the SARON as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest), and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Zurich Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking 
Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date 
falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on SIX 
Swiss Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. 
(Zurich time); 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
for such Zurich Banking Day published by the Administrator of SARON on the Relevant 
Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to 
SARON in respect of that day "i"; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
"SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SARON as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖−𝑥𝑍𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich 
Banking Day; 
SARONi-xZBD” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the 
SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day falling a number of Zurich Banking Days prior 
to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
"SARON-PAYMENT-DELAY-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the TONA as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑0
𝑖 =1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” each period from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the 
Maturity Date, the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business Days equal to the Interest 
Payment Delay following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest 
Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if 
the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the 
end of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day “i" up to (but 
excluding) the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich 
Banking Day; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of that day “i"; 
“SARON Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of Zurich Banking Day(s) 
prior to the end of each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SARON with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
level of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as 
applicable, shall be the level of SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
"SARON Index Determination" means the rate of return of a daily compounded interest 
investment (with the SARON as the Relevant Rate for the calculation of interest), and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
"d", means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
SARON IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SARON 
IndexEnd is determined;  
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five);  
"SARON", in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON 
Administrator to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, in each case on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich 
Banking Day;  
"SARON IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SARON Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);  
"SARON IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SARON Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period;  
"SARON Index" means the screen rate or index for compounded daily SARON rates 
administered by the SARON Administrator that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; and  
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the "SARON Screen Page") at 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred on or prior to the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking 
Day shall be the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the first preceding Zurich Banking 
Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day: 
a. 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking 
Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the rate 
equal to the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, 
giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, published on 
such Zurich Banking Day; or 
b. 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking 
Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON shall be the rate 
equal to the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy Rate") for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any. 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate or the 
SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the "SARON Replacement Rate") will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the paragraph above, if (i) the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, or (ii)

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SARON by the SARON 
replacement rate or any other amendments to the terms of the Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in an MREL Disqualification Event or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON replacement rate will be 
adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON replacement rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will be equal to the last SARON available on the SARON Screen Page as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant 
to this provision, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation Agent’s sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C)(h): 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor administrator of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of: 
a. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause 
a. of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
b. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause 
b.(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of such statement or 
publication, (ii) the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be representative, and (iii) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof 
has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of 
this clause b., the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer 
be used; and 
c. 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause 
b.(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
a. 
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the 
SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; or 
b. 
public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator or any 
competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no 
longer representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, which 
statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) 
fixed income securities and derivatives; 
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to any SARON

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
a. 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect 
to which such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as 
the Relevant Rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
or 
b. 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of 
determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as the Relevant 
Rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in 
Switzerland organised in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on 
Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, 
considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working 
group or committee, the "SARON Recommending Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be 
applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into 
account the historical median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation 
Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date 
on which the first of such events occurred). 
(i) 
where any "Relevant Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the Relevant Rate(s), one of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (i.e. Relevant Rate plus Margin) shall not be, in any 
case, lower than zero.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(d) 
Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each CMS Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(l). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months, or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period, after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5(e) below, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate + Margin; 
(B) 
Rate of Interest = CMS Rate – Margin; 
(C) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate + Margin); 
(D) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate – Margin); 
(E) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier1 x CMS Rate1 – Rate Multiplier2 x 
CMS Rate2); 
(F) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate1 – CMS 
Rate2)]; 
(G) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (Applicable Rate – 
CMS Rate)]; 
(H) 
Rate of Interest = Margin + [Rate Multiplier x (CMS Rate – 
Applicable Rate)]; 
(I) 
Rate of Interest = Rate Multiplier x (Applicable Rate – CMS Rate); 
where: 
In the event that the EUR CMS does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page on any 
relevant date, the Calculation Agent shall determine on such relevant date the 
applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in 
each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two T2 Business 
Days following such relevant date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the reference rate 
which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations.  
If, for any reason, the EUR CMS is no longer published or if fewer than three 
quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
paragraph, it will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting 
in good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Rate of Interest (i.e. Relevant Rate plus Margin) shall not be, 
in any case, lower than zero.   
(e) 
Benchmark Event 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, a Mid-
Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate at any time when the Conditions of any Notes provide for any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate or, as the case may be, Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b) (as applicable), 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) and Condition 5(d). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions shall not 
apply to Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, TONA or SARON. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(ii)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(e)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(e) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of 
manifest error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(e). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
a. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, for the 
purposes of determining the Mid-Swap Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(e)); or  
b. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5(e)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate or, as the case may be, for the purposes of determining 
the Mid-Swap Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(e)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining,

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(e) and the Independent Adviser determines 
(A) that amendments to the Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the relevant 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(e)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Conditions of the Notes to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and such related 
changes and adjustments pursuant to this Condition 5(e). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(e), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v)  
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5(e). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the 
absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable), the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and the 
Noteholders and, where applicable, Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Regulatory Capital / Eligible Liabilities  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(e), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be effected, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in 
either (i) in the case of Senior Notes, a MREL Disqualification Event, or (ii) in 
the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the 
next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date (if, for example, the switch to the Successor Rate or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) would create an incentive to redeem the 
relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the relevant requirements 
necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes) or (iii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event. In such circumstances, the fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(b), Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) and Condition 5(d)(ii) will be 
applicable in accordance with their terms. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Original 
Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such 
Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date (as applicable), with the effect that the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Conditions of the Notes will continue to apply to such 
determination, provided that such fallbacks may in certain circumstances, lead 
to apply the Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable). 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(e), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(e) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(b), Condition 
5(c)(ii)(C) and Condition 5(d)(ii) above, will continue to apply). 
(viii)  
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(e): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-
Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market 
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate 
where (a) above does not apply), is in customary market usage in the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
international debt capital market for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology in customary market usage, the Independent Adviser 
determines acting in good faith to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative 
benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(e) and which is customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (b)(i); 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate has 
been permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to 
the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that means the Original Reference Rate or, 
as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six 
(6) months;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate that the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, in the 
opinion of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying 
market or that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
g) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable), become unlawful for the Issuer, the 
party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable); or 
h) that a decision to withdraw or suspend the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original Reference 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate has been adopted. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(e)(i) (which may be one of the Dealers, other than Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, 
involved in the issue of the Notes and/or the Calculation Agent, an independent 
financial adviser, an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities 
or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate or, as the case may be, the Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, more than one successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or replacement 
rates, that one which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without 
limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
(f) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Inverse CMS Linked Notes 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes or Inverse CMS Linked Notes in respect of 
for each Interest Accrual Period, shall be equal to the Fixed Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
minus the Floating Rate or the CMS Rate, as the case may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate or CMS Rate, as applicable, and the respective amounts of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with the provisions applying to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or 
CMS Linked Notes, as applicable. 
 
(g) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes and CMS/CMS 
Linked Notes 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes, CMS/CMS Linked Notes 
are Notes for which a change of interest basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
If Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked 
Notes/Fixed Rate Notes or CMS/CMS Linked Notes is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date") 
(a) from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or (b) from a Fixed Rate to a Rate of Interest determined 
by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii), or (c) from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate, or (d) from a Rate of Interest determined by applying one of the formulae as described 
in Condition 5(d)(ii) to a Fixed Rate, or (e) from a Rate of Interest to another Rate of Interest 
determined by applying for each, one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii). The Issuer 
election to change the interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed 
effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change (a) from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or (b) from a Fixed Rate to a Rate of Interest determined by applying one of the 
formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii), or (c) from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, or (d) 
from a Rate of Interest determined by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 
5(d)(ii) to a Fixed Rate, or (e) from a Rate of Interest to another Rate of Interest determined by 
applying for each, one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii) (the "Automatic Change 
of Interest Basis") at the date(s) set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Switch Date"). 
 
If Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, Floating/Floating Rate Notes or CMS/CMS Linked Notes, as the case may be, is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the Switch Date from a Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate or 
from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate or from a Rate of Interest to another Rate of 
Interest, both determined by applying one of the formulae as described in Condition 5(d)(ii). Such 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the 
Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
the rate at which the Notes bear interest will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a different 
Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate or from a Rate of Interest to 
another Rate of Interest, both determined by applying one of the formulae as described in

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Condition 5(d)(ii) on the Automatic Switch Date. 
 
(h) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(f) (Early Redemption Amount and 
Optional Redemption Amount) and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be. As 
from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(f)(i) (Early 
Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount - Zero Coupon Notes)). 
 
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable 
on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
 
(j) 
Accrual of Interest 
 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as 
before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date.  
 
(k) 
Margin, 
Maximum/Minimum 
Rates 
of 
Interest, 
Maximum/Minimum 
FBF 
Rates/ISDA 
Rates/Relevant Rates/CMS Rates, Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
 
(a) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of 
(x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by adding (if 
a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
 
(b) 
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate 
of Interest. 
 
(c) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of any such Interest Period is greater than such 
Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
 
(d) 
If any Minimum:

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
 
- 
FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ FBF Rate2,  
 
- 
ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ ISDA Rate2, 
 
- 
Relevant Rate/ Relevant Rate1/ Relevant Rate2, 
 
- 
CMS Rate/ CMS Rate1/ CMS Rate2 
 
 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, then, in the event that such reference 
rate in respect of any such Interest Period is less than such Minimum reference rate, the reference 
rate for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum reference rate.  
 
(e)  
If any Maximum: 
 
 
- 
FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ FBF Rate2,  
 
- 
ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ ISDA Rate2, 
 
- 
Relevant Rate/ Relevant Rate1/ Relevant Rate2, 
 
- 
CMS Rate/ CMS Rate1/ CMS Rate2 
 
 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms for any Interest Period, then, in the event that such reference 
rate in respect of any such Interest Period is greater than such Maximum reference rate, the reference 
rate for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum reference rate. 
 
(f) 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
 
(g) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate 
of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" shall 
refer to the relevant rate plus any margin. 
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions), (w) if FBF Determination or ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) 
all figures shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
 
(l) 
Calculations 
 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. 
 
(m) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required 
to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the holders of Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market of the EEA and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 5(i), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining 
of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
 
(n) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). 
If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris or 
Luxembourg office, as appropriate, or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or in accordance with 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), Condition 6(c) (Clean-up 
Call Option), Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event), Condition 6(e) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) or 
Condition 6(g) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount). 
 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
 
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer to all the relevant laws, regulations and directives (and subject (i) in the 
case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and 
purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date), or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated 
Notes prior to Maturity Date), and, in each case, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
thirty (30) days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) to the holders of 
Notes (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so 
provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as set out in Condition 6(f) (Early Redemption 
Amount and Optional Redemption Amount)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also 
contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
Regulated Market requirements. 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
 
So long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
thereof so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes a list of any Materialised Notes, drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
 
(ii) 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted prior 
to five (5) years from the Issue Date. 
 
(iii) 
In the case of Senior Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted prior to one 
(1) year from the Issue Date. 
 
(c) 
Clean-up Call Option 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any 
higher percentage (the "Clean-up Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes (which 
for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series 
with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Issuer may, at its option, but subject (i) 
in the case of Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and 
purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes 
prior to Maturity Date), on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice 
to the holders of such Note in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their 
Early Redemption Amount (i) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, on any Optional Clean-up 
Redemption Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of Notes other than Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, at any time. 
 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
If the Notes are Senior Notes and a MREL Disqualification Event Call Option is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at its 
option (but subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of 
Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date)), at any time and having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance 
with Condition 15 (Notices) below, redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Senior Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means, at any time, a change in the classification of the Senior Notes 
under the MREL Regulations, as a result of which all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Senior Notes does not fully qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments, except where such non-qualification 
was, as per the Relevant Resolution Authority's satisfaction, reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of such Senior Notes or is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by the MREL Regulations. 
 
(e) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
If the Notes are Subordinated Notes and a Capital Event Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, then upon occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may, at its option (but subject 
to the provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated 
Notes prior to Maturity Date)) at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor 
less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Subordinated 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest (if any) thereon. 
 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in France including, without limitation to the generality 
of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then 
in effect of, and as applied by, the Relevant Regulator. 
 
"Capital Event" means a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations that was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of such Subordinated Notes, as a result of which all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes would be excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; 
 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer; and 
 
"Tier 2 Capital" means capital which is treated by the Relevant Regulator as a constituent of tier 2 under 
Applicable Banking Regulations from time to time for the purposes of the Issuer. 
 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount 
 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
Condition 6(c) (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event) with respect to Senior Notes and Condition 
6(e) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) with respect 
to Subordinated Notes or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, or 
the Optional Redemption Amount pursuant to Conditions 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer and Partial Redemption) in respect of such Notes, as the case may be, shall be the 
Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount of any

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
 
(C) 
If the Amortised Nominal Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), 
6(g) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the 
occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event) with respect to Senior Notes or Condition 6(e) 
(Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) with respect to 
Subordinated Notes or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not 
paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable was the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(j). 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(c) (Clean-up Call Option), Condition 6(d) (Redemption of 
Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event) with respect to Senior 
Notes or Condition 6(e) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event) with respect to Subordinated Notes or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
(B) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination  
 
 
Where: 
 
 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
 
(i) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of Withholding Tax Event 
 
 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, and provided that such change is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date as per the Relevant Resolution Authority's 
satisfaction, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of interest due in respect of the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified 
under Condition 8(b) (Taxation - Additional Amounts) below (a "Withholding Tax Event"), the 
Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any 
time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) but subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, to the 
provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes 
prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 6(k) (Additional 
conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) below, and, 
in any case, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days' 
notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15 
(Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make payment of interest due in respect of the Notes without being required under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) to pay such additional amounts. 
(ii) 
Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of Gross-Up Event  
 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of interest due in respect of the Notes, be prevented by 
French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full 
amounts then due and payable (a "Gross-Up Event"), and provided that such Gross-Up Event is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date as per the Relevant Resolution 
Authority's satisfaction, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 8(b) (Taxation - Additional Amounts) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, at its option, subject (i) in the case of Senior Notes, 
to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior 
Notes prior to Maturity Date) and (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 6(k) 
(Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date) 
below, and, in any case, upon giving not less than seven (7) days' prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice 
would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of 
Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) days 
after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall 
be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in 
respect of the Notes, or, if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
 
(iii) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deductibility Event 
 
For Subordinated Notes only, if by reason of any change in French law or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such laws, in each case becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Subordinated Notes is modified and such 
modification results in the part of the interest payable by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
that is tax deductible being reduced (a "Tax Deductibility Event"), and provided that such Tax 
Deductibility Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date as per the 
Relevant Resolution Authority's satisfaction, the Issuer may at its option, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to 
Maturity Date) below, at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other than Floating Rate 
Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject to having 
given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Subordinated Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) thereon, provided that the due date for redemption of which

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
Issuer could make such payment with interest payable not being impacted by the reduction in tax 
deductibility giving rise to the Tax Deductibility Event. 
 
(h) 
Purchases 
 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to (i) subscribe the Senior Notes, and (ii) purchase Senior 
Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price subject to the applicable laws and regulations and 
subject to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of 
Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date) and such purchase not occurring prior to one year from the 
Issue Date. All Senior Notes so subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations or cancelled in accordance with (i) (Cancellation) 
below. 
 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
 
The Issuer may purchase, on or after the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Issue Date (but subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6(k) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes 
prior to Maturity Date)), Subordinated Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to 
applicable laws and regulations. Subordinated Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and 
resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations or cancelled in accordance with (i) 
(Cancellation) below. 
 
The Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to purchase the 
Subordinated Notes for market making purposes provided that: (a) the prior written approval of the 
Relevant Regulator shall be obtained; and (b) the total principal amount of the Subordinated Notes in 
any given Series so purchased does not exceed the lower of (x) 10% of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes of such Series and such any further Subordinated Notes issued 
under Condition 14 (Further Issues), or (y) 3% of the total outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
from time to time calculated in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
(i) 
Cancellation 
 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer to be cancelled, will be (but subject, in the case of Senior 
Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(j) (Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes 
prior to Maturity Date) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 6(k) 
(Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date)) cancelled, 
in case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global 
Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Coupons and all 
unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
 
(j) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Senior Notes prior to Maturity Date 
 
In the case of Senior Notes, the Issuer’s options to redeem or purchase and, as the case may be, cancel the 
Notes under Conditions 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), 6(c) (Clean-

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
up Call Option), 6(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event), 
6(g)(i) (Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of Withholding Tax Event), 6(g)(ii) (Redemption of Notes 
upon the occurrence of Gross-up Event), 6(h)(i) (Purchases - Senior Notes) and 6(i) (Cancellation), as the 
case may be, are subject to such redemption, repurchase or cancellation (as applicable) not being prohibited 
by the MREL Regulations and to the Relevant Resolution Authority having given its prior written approval 
to such redemption, purchase or cancellation (as applicable); in this respect, Articles 77 and 78a of the 
CRR II provide that the Relevant Resolution Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase 
of the Senior Notes provided that either of the following conditions is met: 
 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Senior Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the Issuer’s income capacity; or 
 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements laid down in CRD V Package and BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the competent authority, may consider necessary; 
 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in CRD V Package for continuing 
authorisation. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
"CRD V Package" means, taken together, the (i) CRD V Directive and (ii) CRR II; 
 
"CRD V" means the Directive (EU) 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions dated 26 June 2013 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013 as amended and supplemented by 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and as further 
amended or replaced from time to time;  
 
"CRR II" means the Regulation (EU) 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions dated June 26, 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 27 June 2013, as amended and supplemented by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 and as further amended or replaced from time to time. 
 
(k) 
Additional conditions to redemption and purchase of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
 
The Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed or purchased and, as the case may be, cancelled pursuant to 
Condition 6(b) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption), Condition 6(c) (Clean-up 
Call Option), Condition 6(e) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event), Condition 6(g) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) (i), (ii) and (iii), Condition 6(h)(ii) (Purchases - 
Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6(i) (Cancellation), as the case may be, if all of the following conditions 
are satisfied when such conditions are applicable pursuant to the below:  
 
(i) 
the Relevant Regulator has given its prior written approval to such redemption, purchase or 
cancellation (as applicable); in this respect, Article 78 of the CRR II provides that the Relevant 
Regulator shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes 
provided that either of the following conditions is met: 
 
(a) 
(x) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
replaces the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality 
at terms that are sustainable for the Issuer’s income capacity or (y) the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the own funds and eligible

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the 
requirements laid down in CRD V Package and BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant 
Regulator may consider necessary; and 
 
(b) 
no redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes will be permitted before five (5) 
years after the Issue Date if: 
(1) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Relevant 
Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Subordinated Notes; or 
(2) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Tax Event, the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such Tax Event is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of the 
Subordinated Notes; or 
(3) 
before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer replaces such Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and 
the Relevant Regulator has permitted that action on the basis of the determination 
that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(4) 
in the case of repurchase for market making purposes; and 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a redemption as a result of a Special Event, the Issuer has delivered a certificate to 
the Fiscal Agent (with copies thereof being available at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during 
its normal business hours) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the date set for redemption 
that such Special Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) days following the 
date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
"Special Event" means either a Tax Event or a Capital Event; and 
 
"Tax Event" means either a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-up Event or a Tax Deductibility 
Event. 
 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by transfer to the account 
denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the holders of Notes 
and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in the 
relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant holder of Notes. All payments validly made to 
such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
 
(i) 
Method of payment 
 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may be 
credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese Yen to a non-resident of Japan, 
shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be any country in the 
Euro-zone). 
 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum 
due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after 
the Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 10 (Prescription)) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of 
the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
holders of Notes or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
 
The Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and its specified 
office are listed at the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or 
Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation 
Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the 
Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having a specified office in at least one major European city 
(including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of the EEA, such other city where 
the Notes is admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a 
Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market 
on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of 
Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
  
(f) 
Talons 
 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect 
of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupon that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11 
(Prescription)).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant 
Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of 
such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
 
(h) 
Bank 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 System. 
 
8. 
Taxation 
 
(a) 
Tax Exemption 
 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
 
If French law should require that payments of interest be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of 
any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, 
pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
 
(i) 
Other connection 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or Couponholder who is liable to such taxes or 
duties by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note 
or Coupon; or 
 
(ii) 
More than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date 
 
in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the Noteholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding paragraph, the Issuer or any other person making 
payments on behalf of the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold as required, and shall not be 
required to pay any additional amounts with respect to any such withholding or deduction imposed on or in 
respect of any Note, pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, intergovernmental agreement, law, regulation or other official guidance 
enacted by any jurisdiction implementing FATCA, or any agreement between the Issuer or any other person 
and the United States or any jurisdiction implementing FATCA.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 
(Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition. 
 
9. 
Events of Default 
 
There are no events of default under the Notes which would lead to an acceleration of the Notes if certain 
events occur. 
 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the principal amount of the Notes or any 
accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the 
Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, nor the opening of 
resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) or the establishment of a moratorium under BRRD II, nor 
the refusal by the Relevant Resolution Authority to grant a permission to a redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or 
entitle the Noteholders to any remedies, which are hereby expressly waived.  
 
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then the Notes would become immediately due and payable, 
subject as described in Conditions 3(a) (Status - Senior Preferred Notes), 3(b) (Status - Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and 3(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes). 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions:  
 
"Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power" means any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France relating to the implementation of BRRD II, including 
without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance 
portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a single resolution mechanism and a 
single resolution fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019, the "SRM Regulation"), or otherwise arising 
under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to 
which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in 
part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities 
of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
 
"Regulated Entity" means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L. 613-34 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their 
parent or holding companies established in France. 
 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR"), 
the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power from 
time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting 
pursuant to Article 18 of the SRM Regulation).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
10. 
Prescription 
 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) 
years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 11(i) below with respect to Notes issued with a denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of 
the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as supplemented by this Condition 11. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be 
appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative  
 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take 
all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the 
capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by unanimous 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision").  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Holder, Issuer or Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris 
time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. Collective 
Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of 
Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall 
be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat, except when the General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for 
a merger or demerger of the Issuer in the circumstances provided for under Articles L. 236-13 
and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce, in which case the decision will be taken by a 
simple majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented 
thereat.  
 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented 
at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General 
Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Unanimous Decisions 
 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by 
Written Unanimous Decisions.  
Such Written Unanimous Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i). Approval of 
a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing 
the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de 
commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same 
effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous 
Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(h).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
 
The provisions of Article L. 228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
(e) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a 
single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce.  
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall 
make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15.  
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
The second paragraph of Condition 11(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following 
paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. 
On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall 
be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 11(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(iii) 
Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 11(e) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" shall not include the Notes 
subscribed or purchased by the Issuer which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations as referred to in Condition 6(h). 
 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented 
for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or 
further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
 
13. 
Further Issues 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, but subject to 
the prior notification of the Relevant Regulator in case of Subordinated Notes, create and issue further 
Notes to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with the Notes provided such Notes 
and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the first 
payment of interest) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these 
Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
14. 
Waiver of Set-off 
 
No holder of Notes may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim or 
liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder of Notes, directly or indirectly, 
howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising 
under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to 
such Note) and each holder of Notes shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and 
liabilities. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 14 (Waiver of Set-off) is intended to provide, or shall 
be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note but for this 
Condition 14 (Waiver of Set-off). 
 
For purposes of these Conditions, "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims of any 
holder of Notes for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or 
indirectly under or in connection with any Note. 
 
15. 
Notices

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) 
they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) they are 
published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the 
case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, or 
(iii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or, so long as such Notes 
are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation 
in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading, which in the 
case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange‘s Regulated Market is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or, so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market 
so permit, on the website of the Regulated Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) (au porteur or au nominatif) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes 
are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 16 
(a) and (b), above; provided that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market(s) and the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a leading 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort, and (ii) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, on the website of the Regulated 
Market where the admission is sought, which in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is expected to 
be the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and (iii) notices relating to the 
convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings pursuant to Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) shall also be published in a leading newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any notice given by publication shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
 
16. 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
 
Notwithstanding any other term of a given Series of Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its acquisition of any Note, each Noteholder 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
 
(i) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination 
thereof:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
a. 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below) on a permanent basis; 
b. the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of such Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under such 
Notes any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
c. 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
d. the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For purposes of this Condition, the "Amounts Due" are the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and 
any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 
 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and other outstanding Amounts Due 
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of 
the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer 
unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France and 
the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Group. 
 
(c) 
Notice to Noteholders 
 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the holders of such Notes in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in and 
Loss Absorption Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for 
informational purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of 
such Notes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the measures resulting from the exercise of a Bail-In and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, nor the effects of such measures on the Notes as described above.  
 
(d) 
Duties of the Fiscal Agent 
 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the 
Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders. 
 
(e) 
Proration 
 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power with respect to less 
than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes pursuant to the Bail-in and Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
 
(f) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
 
The matters set forth in this Condition 16 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption) shall be exhaustive 
on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between 
the Issuer and any holder of Notes. 
 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(a) 
Governing Law 
 
The Notes, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may, to the extent permitted 
by law, be brought before any competent court within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used (i) for the Issuer's general corporate purposes or (ii) to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any of the eligible green loan categories (the 
"Eligible Green Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Green Bonds"), eligible social loan categories (the 
"Eligible Social Loan Categories" and such Notes being "Social Bonds") or from both the Eligible Green Loan 
Categories and the Eligible Social Loan Categories (such Notes being "Sustainability Bonds"), as described in the 
relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer's green, social and sustainability bond framework (as may be amended and 
supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"), which is available on the Issuer's website (https://www.cm-
arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-bonds). If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
More specifically, as of the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
(i) 
Green Bonds are intended to finance and/or refinance loans and/or investments originated in France or in 
Europe by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and/or its subsidiaries up to 36 months prior any issue and the Eligible 
Green Loans categories include: 
 
(a) 
"Renewable energy", meaning loans dedicated to finance the acquisition, development, operation, 
maintenance and decommissioning of activities linked to renewable energy such as wind farms 
(onshore and offshore), photovoltaic plants, biomass (direct emissions < 100gCO2/kWh) (i) limited 
to sources that are not suitable for human consumption, (ii) does not compete with deplete existing 
terrestrial carbon pools (i.e. agricultural or forestry residue) and geothermal (direct emissions 
< 100gCO2/kWh); and 
 
(b) 
any other Eligible Green Loan as described in the "Eligible Green Loan Categories" subsection of 
the section 4.1 "Use of Proceeds" of the Framework, which comprises "Green buildings", "Energy 
transition loans", "Sustainable mobility and sustainable waste and water management". 
 
(ii) 
Social Bonds are intended to finance and/or refinance loans and/or investments originated in France or in 
Europe by Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and/or its subsidiaries up to 36 months prior any issue and the Eligible 
Social Loans categories include: 
 
(a) 
"Affordable housing", meaning loans dedicated to the financing of regulated social housing schemes 
(including Prêt d’Accession Sociale (PAS) and loans to social housing landlords); 
 
(b) 
"Health and care", meaning loans dedicated to finance healthcare centres (including public hospitals, 
medical-social centres such elderly care facilities); 
 
(c) 
"Territorial economic development", meaning loans dedicated to the financing of territorial 
economic development activities of local economic actors and/or public interest bodies such SMEs, 
local authorities, associations, Social and Solidarity Economy (SSE) actors such as Communal 
social welfare centre (CCAS); 
 
(d) 
"Education", meaning loans dedicated to finance primary and secondary schools and vocational 
training infrastructures including construction and/or renovation of related buildings and facilities; 
and 
 
(e) 
any other Eligible Social Loan as described in the "Eligible Social Loan Categories" subsection of 
the section 4.1 "Use of Proceeds" of the Framework. 
 
The Framework further describes the above-mentioned projects and is substantially based on the Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the International Capital 
Markets Association in their updated version or any more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Terms. The Framework may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation 
and in the Issuer's activities. The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the use and 
management of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable 
for the relevant Notes. 
 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion on the Framework, which is also available 
on the Issuer's website (https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/c_37851/fr/green-social-
bonds). The providers of such second party opinion and verification are independent experts. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable 
for any issue in connection with its content. 
 
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and their impact until full allocation of the proceeds. 
 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to finance investments included in the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories and/or the Eligible Social Loan Categories, as further specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for further information. 
 
The use of the proceeds of any issue of Notes as described in (ii) above and the classification of such Notes as 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will not affect (a) the status of such Notes in terms of 
subordination or regulatory treatment and (b) the application to such Notes of the loss absorption mechanism 
and/or, as the case may be, bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD II. Please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "Risks related to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and/or Sustainability Bonds".

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, and will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of 
the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") to Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
to Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber to a nominal amount of Notes equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see " General Description of 
the Programme"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) and any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) containing rules identical to those currently applying under 
Code section 163(f)(2)(B) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be available at the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of 
such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on 
or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be consolidated (assimilées) with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a) (Further Issues), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such 
further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than three hundred sixty-five (365) calendar days 
(and that are not relying on the C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
DESCRIPTION OF CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA AND THE GROUP 
1. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
The Crédit Mutuel Arkéa group Arkéa is a banking and insurance group. It comprises Crédit Mutuel Bretagne, 
Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest as well as about fourty specialised subsidiaries which cover all of the business lines in 
the banking and financial area. Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is affiliated to the Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel 
(the "CNCM"), the central body of the Crédit Mutuel.  
With a network of 356 points of sale and the strength of its 11,170 employees, the Group wants to be a player in 
a world that takes a long-term view and takes into account the major societal and environmental challenges 
facing our planet for future generations, by practicing finance at the service of regions and their actors, which is 
sustainable and helps everyone to achieve their potential. 
A benchmark player in all its markets - from retail banking to white-label services for major financial and retail 
customers - the Group pursues an original development strategy, with the ambition of developing a cooperative and 
collaborative banking model that provides the best response to aspirations and lifestyles. The Group is thus opting 
for open innovation, sharing and pooling its expertise with that of its ecosystem - businesses, finance and insurance 
start-ups, etc. - and its customers. - to offer solutions that create value for all. 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa has €81.9 billion in outstanding loans and €155 billion in savings outstanding as at 
31 December 2022. 
2. 
SOLIDARITY RELATIONS 
With respect to Crédit Mutuel's solidarity system, within the meaning of article L.511-20 of the French Code 
Monétaire et Financier, such system is designed to ensure the liquidity and solvency of all the institutions 
affiliated to Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel (CNCM) at all times in order to prevent any default. It is 
based on a set of rules and mechanisms set up at regional group level and at confederal level.  
As a reminder, the solidarity between CNCM affiliates is unlimited. 
2.1 
Provisions applicable at the level of regional groups  
The solidarity mechanism provided for within the Regional Federation concerned is a mechanism that is based on 
Article R.511-3 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier, independently of the statutory provisions relating to 
the joint and several liability of the Members within the limit of the nominal value of the shares subscribed by the 
member.  
Each federation must set up a solidarity system between the local banks within its territorial jurisdiction.  
This mechanism must enable a local bank to avoid a long-term deficit and/or to ensure the recovery of a 
deteriorated situation. It ensures the equalization of the results of the member banks by means of a federal fund, 
through contributions in the form of contributions or subsidies. The contribution obligation is imposed on all funds 
(including the federal or inter-federal fund), or only on funds with positive results, depending on the regulations of 
the federal fund concerned in force. The contributions, which ensure equalization, and the subsidies must cover the 
losses recorded in the financial year and any tax deficits carried forward. The equalization grants must include the 
sums needed to pay the remuneration of the shares. Grants from the federal fund are normally repayable.  
Implementation of remedial measures at the level of "regional groups" as defined in the "DCG". A system 
reviewed and updated annually enables the regional group to monitor a certain number of key indicators, included 
in the risk appetite framework adopted by the CNCM's Board of Directors, and to implement the corrective 
measures provided for in the recovery plan if the indicators are exceeded.  
In the event of difficulty and under the control of the CNCM, a regional group may request the assistance of 
another regional group, in particular in the implementation of the recovery plan.  
If no regional solidarity solution has been put in place or has not restored compliance with key indicators within 
the time frame set out in the recovery plan, or if objective evidence suggests that the implementation of such 
solutions would prove insufficient, the national solidarity mechanism shall be implemented.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
2.2 
Provisions adopted at the national level  
The CNCM is responsible, without limitation, for ensuring the cohesion of its network and the proper functioning 
of its affiliated institutions. To this end, it must take all necessary measures, in particular to guarantee the liquidity 
and solvency of each of these institutions as well as the entire network (Article L.511-31 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier).  
According to the arrangements laid down by the DCGs, the necessary interventions may be decided by the 
CNCM's Board of Directors if the mechanisms existing at the level of the regional groups prove to be 
insufficient to deal with any difficulties that a group may face. 
3. 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 
Please note that the shareholder's general meeting of the Issuer held on 11 May 2023: 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mrs. Valérie BLANCHET-LECOQ as member of the Board of 
Directors was expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mr. Thierry BOUGEARD as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mr. Philippe CHUPIN as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mrs. Marta DIAS as member of the Board of Directors was expiring 
on such date, acknowledged that Mrs. Marta DIAS did not wish to renew it and decided that it would be 
replaced in the course of the fiscal year and submitted for ratification to the next ordinary shareholder's general 
meeting; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mrs. Monique HUET as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mr. Patrick LE PROVOST as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; 
- 
acknowledged that the term of office of Mr. Dominique TRUBERT as member of the Board of Directors was 
expiring on such date and decided to renew it for a period of three (3) years; and 
- 
decided to appoint Mr. Frédéric LEMOINE as censor for a period of three (3) years. 
In addition :  
- 
a group committee of the Issuer held on 8 February 2023 decided to appoint Mr. Jean LE NIR as member of 
the Board of Directors in place of Jean-François GOURVENEC for a period of three (3) years; and 
- 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer held on 7 July 2023 decided to appoint Mr. Stéphane CLOAREC as 
member of the Board of Directors for a period of three (3) years.  
Any situation of proven, potential, perceived or apparent conflict of interest must be brought to the attention of the 
compliance officer. To this end, the Group has deployed a dedicated conflict of interest declaration form, 
accessible to all employees on the group's intranet.  
For the directors of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, six potential conflicts of interest have been identified to date: 
- 
Mr. Julien CARMONA could potentially find himself in a situation of conflict of interest with regard to his 
professional activities as member of the consultative committee of APRIL; 
- 
Ms. Valérie BLANCHET-LECOQ could potentially find herself in a situation of conflict of interest with 
regard to her professional activities as lawyer and manager of the firm Jurilor; 
- 
M. Pascal FAUGÈRE could potentially find himself in a situation of conflict of interest with regard to his 
professional activities as Chief Executive Officer of the ʺChambre de Commerce et d'Industrie de Bordeauxʺ 
and the mandates relating to his functions;

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
- 
Ms. Sophie LANGOUËT-PRIGENT could potentially find herself in a situation of conflict of interest with 
regard to her professional activities as Vice-President in charge of partnerships of the University of Rennes 1 
for which Crédit Mutuel Arkéa is a patron; 
- 
Ms. Monique HUET could potentially find herself in a situation of conflict of interest with regard to her 
professional activities as Chief Executive Officer of the company Open Fields SAS; and 
- 
M. Stéphane CLOAREC could potentially find himself in a situation of conflict of interest with regard to his 
professional activities as the administrative and financial head of the school complex Kreisker and his political 
mandates. 
For these six situations, specific information and supervision measures, in particular relating to abstention, have 
been taken. 
With regard to the effective managers, Ms. Hélène BERNICOT has a personal relationship with Mr. François-
Régis BERNICOT, Chairman of the Executive Management Board of Suravenir, a subsidiary of Crédit Mutuel 
Arkéa. This conflict of interest is subject to specific supervision and organisational measures. 
A conflict of interest register is used to record sensitive activities or situations, identify conflicts of interest and the 
systems put in place to manage them. This register also makes it possible to monitor identified conflict of interest 
situations. The compliance officer is responsible for maintaining this register, identifying appropriate measures 
and updating the monitoring of conflict of interest situations. 
The system for preventing and managing conflicts of interest was the subject of a report by the Group's 
compliance function and presented to the Compliance and Permanent Control Committee in February 2023 and 
the Appointments Committee of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa in March 2023. 
4.  
SHARE CAPITAL AND LONG-TERM DEBT OF CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
As at 5 July 2023, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to €2,858,910,164.76 and the long-term debt of the 
Issuer amounts to €20,922,578,472.51. 
Updated information on the Issuer's share capital and long-term debt will be published (i) regularly on the website 
of the Issuer (https://www.cm-arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5024/fr/information-reglementee) 
and (ii) when the update of such information constitutes a significant new factor pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (as described in the section "Supplement to the Base Prospectus" above), in a Supplement.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
The following press release dated 3 May 2023 has been published by the Issuer: 
" 
 
 
 
Press release 
 
The Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel (CNCM), Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the 
19 federations have signed a memorandum of understanding that preserves the cohesion 
of Crédit Mutuel and guarantees the autonomy of its members  
Wednesday, May 3, 2023 - The Board of Directors of Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel today voted 
unanimously by its members (representing the 19 federations, employees and independent directors) on a political 
agreement for a united and plural Crédit Mutuel. This follows the May 2 meeting of the Boards of Directors of 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and the federations of Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest, which 
also voted unanimously in favour of this agreement. 
This agreement consolidates an operating method that preserves the originality and strength of Crédit Mutuel's 
cooperative and mutual model, based on unity, solidarity and subsidiarity, and respects both the prudential powers 
of the central body and the autonomy of the federations and regional groups.  
Thanks to mutual advances, the work has resulted in a protocol whose main measures are described below: 
I. 
The application of the principles of subsidiarity and autonomy within the Crédit Mutuel group 
- The regional groups are free to determine their own strategy and, more broadly, their business plan, 
in compliance with prudential rules.  
 
II. 
The free competitive development of the respective subsidiaries must be reconciled with respect 
for the principle of the territoriality of the Crédit Mutuel local banks. In this respect, a guide to 
good commercial practice has been drawn up. 
 
III. 
Names and use of the "Crédit Mutuel" brand - The national brand 
 has 
historically been registered by the Confederation, which is responsible for and owns it on behalf of 
all Crédit Mutuel members. However, the federations and branches and local banks may use separate 
trademarks incorporating the words "Crédit Mutuel" under their own names.  
For example:   
 
 
IV. 
Governance of the Confederation - Included are: 
- 
The creation of an associate vice-chairman, a position that will be held by the chairman of the 
Crédit Mutuel de Bretagne federation. The latter will also chair the risk committee;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
- 
A right of veto is granted to the federations in the event of damage to their vital interests 
(employment, regional decision-making centers, subsidiaries, information systems, purpose, 
etc.). 
The agreement recalls the role of the Confederation in its public service mission. It ensures the smooth running 
and cohesion of the group in order to guarantee its financial stability, its soundness and the protection of 
depositors and members. In this capacity, it is the main contact for the supervisory and resolution authorities, 
which monitor the Crédit Mutuel group on a consolidated basis. It also represents the collective interests of Crédit 
Mutuel vis-à-vis the authorities and the profession, in addition to the individual interests defended by each 
member. 
This agreement will be reflected in the coming weeks in a draft revision of the central body's bylaws, which will 
be submitted to an extraordinary general meeting and to the Minister of the Economy for approval in accordance 
with the Monetary and Financial Code.  
In the same timeframe, the draft bylaws will be presented to the local banks at the general meetings of the Crédit 
Mutuel de Bretagne and Crédit Mutuel du Sud-Ouest federations. It will then be proposed to them to put an end to 
the disaffiliation project. 
Beyond the agreement itself, the signatories emphasize the constructive nature of the negotiations and the spirit of 
confidence that drives them for the future."

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended ("MiFID II"), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended [(the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive")], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129/UE dated 14 June 
2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPS Regulation.]2 
UK PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended / the Insurance Distribution Directive], where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[3[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in [item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018]4 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
2 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared or (ii) the 
Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" in 
Part B, item 8, should also be specified to be "Applicable". 
3 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.  
4 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
"MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]5. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA 
on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in [UK MiFIR / Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]6. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]]7 
OR 
[8[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, 
"MiFID II") / MiFID II]; EITHER 9[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]10] OR 11[(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
5 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."   
6 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
7 Legend(s) to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
8 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 
March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023).   
9 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex bonds. 
10 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It 
reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
11 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services 
are not permitted to retail investors without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]12. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and professional clients, as defined in [UK 
MiFIR / Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("UK MiFIR")]; EITHER13 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]14] OR 15[(ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]16. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].17]] 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
12 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."   
13 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS).   
14 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all 
channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines.   
15 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness.   
16 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."   
17 Legend(s) to be included if the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
 
 
CRÉDIT MUTUEL ARKÉA 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 96950041VJ1QP0B69503 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 7 July 2023 [and its supplement[s] dated []] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. [In adition, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]18 [These Final 
Terms[,]/[and] the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] are available for viewing on the websites of the Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) [and/or] the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] [In addition19, the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [is] [are] available 
for viewing [on/at] [].]] 
 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which are 
the [2022 EMTN Conditions] / [2021 EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / 
[2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2011 EMTN Conditions] 
which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
18 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
19 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus 
dated 7 July 2023 [and its supplement[s] dated []], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the [2022 EMTN Conditions] / [2021 
EMTN Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 
EMTN Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2011 EMTN Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the [2022 EMTN Conditions] / [2021 EMTN 
Conditions] / [2020 EMTN Conditions] / [2019 EMTN Conditions] / [2018 EMTN Conditions] / [2017 EMTN 
Conditions] / [2015 EMTN Conditions] / [2011 EMTN Conditions]. [In addition, a summary of the issue of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]20 These Final Terms, the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] are 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) [and/or] the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] [In addition, the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] is available for 
viewing [on/at] [].]21] 
 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form 
a single Series: 
 
 
 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and 
form a single Series [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Certificate for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Notes, as referred in paragraph 
23(iii) below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [] (the "Exchange Date").] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [](in the case of 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
20 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
21 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Notes to be assimilated with a previous Tranche)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]22(one denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) (Not less than €50,000.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date / (for Floating Rate Notes, CMS 
Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, 
Inverse CMS Linked Notes, Fixed to Floating 
Rate Notes, Fixed to CMS Linked Notes, Floating 
to Fixed Rate Notes, CMS Linked Notes to Fixed 
Rate Notes, Fixed to Fixed Rate Notes, Floating 
to Floating Rate Notes, CMS to CMS Linked 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] [in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, the Maturity Date 
shall be at least five years after the Issue Date] 
[in the case of Senior Notes, the Maturity Date 
shall be at least one year after the Issue Date] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Rate Resettable] 
[[EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, 
TONA or any other reference rate that might 
replace them] +/– [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/CMS Linked] 
[Floating/Fixed Rate] 
[CMS Linked/Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[CMS Linked] 
[CMS/CMS Linked] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
[Inverse CMS Linked] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date(s) when any interest rate 
change(s) occur(s) and/or refer to the relevant 
paragraphs 13 to 15 below and identify there and 
complete accordingly/Not Applicable]  
                                                     
 
 
 
 
22 Notes [(including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and] which have a maturity of less than one year 
must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
10. 
Redemption/ Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Call Option] 
[MREL Disqualification Event Call Option] 
[Capital Event Call Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(i) Status: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes / Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] (Date of the authorisation by the competent 
body of the Issuer to be inserted) 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
5(b)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year  
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Specified Denomination payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in / on] [•]]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual- ICMA / Actual/Actual-
FBF/ Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 
30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / 
Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.)  
 
 
(vii) 
Fixed Rate Resettable Note 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable on each Specified 
Interest Payment Date in arrear 
 
 
First Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
 
Mid-Swap term: 
[●] 
 
 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Determination Date: 
[●] (specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate 
[●] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions (Condition 
5(c)): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[]  
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / 
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
 
[] (Specify the relevant Business Centre(s) 
applicable pursuant to Condition 5(a))/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
[] (give name and address)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 
5(c)(ii)(C) shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Primary Source: 
[] [Specify Relevant Screen Page or "Reference 
Banks"] (In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this 
paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source 
is "Reference Banks"): 
 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(The financial centre most closely connected to the 
benchmark - specify if not Paris) 
 
 
– 
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination:  
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound / SONIA Payment Delay Compound / 
SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in the case 
of SONIA) 
 
– 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Payment Delay Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift 
Compound / SOFR Index Average]] (Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
– 
[€STR Rate of Interest 
Determination:  
 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift 
Compound] (Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
– 
[TONA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[TONA Lookback Compound / TONA Shift 
Compound / TONA Payment Delay Compound] 
(Only applicable in the case of TONA) 
 
– 
[SARON Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SARON Lookback Compound  / SARON Shift 
Compound / SARON Payment Delay Compound / 
SARON Index Determination] (Only applicable in 
the case of SARON)

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
–  
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date:  
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] London Banking 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation 
to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
 
–  
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] Tokyo Banking 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation 
to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] Zurich Banking 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation 
to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[Observation Shift Days:  
 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, TONA or SARON) 
 
–  
[Observation Look-Back Period:  
 
[[●] 
T2 
Business 
Days/London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days/Tokyo Banking Days/Zurich Banking Day] 
[Not Applicable]] (Only applicable in the case of 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA or SARON) 
 
–  
[SOFR IndexStart: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
 
–  
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
 
–  
[Relevant Number: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)]] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Index 
Determination) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
 
[Relevant Rate: specify] 
 
[Relevant Rate1: specify] 
 
[Relevant Rate2: specify]  
 
(specify Benchmark (EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, TONA or SARON (or any other reference 
rate that might replace them)) and, if applicable, 
maturity (e.g. EURIBOR 3 months))

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
– 
[Interest Accrual Period End Dates:  
[Not Applicable / each date falling [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) / [●] 
London Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich Banking 
Day(s) / [●] Tokyo Banking Day(s) after the 
Interest Commencement Date in relation to the 
first Interest Accrual Period or after the previous 
Interest Accrual Period End Date thereafter] (Only 
applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay 
Compound, SONIA Payment Delay Compound, 
SARON Payment Delay Compound or TONA 
Payment Delay Compound)] 
 
– 
[Interest Payment Delay: 
[Not Applicable /[•] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) / [•] London Banking Day(s) / [•] 
Zurich Banking Day(s) / [•] Tokyo Banking 
Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Payment Delay Compound, SONIA Payment 
Delay Compound, SARON Payment Delay 
Compound or TONA Payment Delay Compound)] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate 
of Interest 
is 
determined 
by 
linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest accrual 
period (as per Condition 5(c), insert the relevant 
interest accrual period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination] 
 
 
– 
Representative Amount: 
[] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional amount) 
 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period) 
 
– 
Specified Duration: 
[] (Specify period for quotation if not duration 
of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
–       Minimum Relevant Rate/ Relevant 
Rate1/ Relevant Rate2: 
–       Maximum Relevant Rate/ Relevant 
Rate1/ Relevant Rate2: 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(A) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 
5(c)(ii)(A) shall be used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s))

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
– 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[FBF Rate: specify] 
[FBF Rate1: specify] 
[FBF Rate2: specify]  
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Recueil de Taux – 
Additifs Techniques FBF as at the date of the 
Base Prospectus are reliant upon the provisions 
by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending 
on 
market 
circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate 
of Interest 
is 
determined 
by 
linear 
interpolation in respect of an interest accrual 
period (as per Condition 5(c), insert the relevant 
interest accrual period(s) and the relevant two 
rates used for such determination] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[] 
 
–      Minimum FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ 
FBF Rate2: 
–       Maximum FBF Rate/ FBF Rate1/ 
FBF Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
– 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)[(a)/(b)] formula [1/2] shall 
apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(ii)(B) 
(a) or (b) shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ISDA Rate: specify] 
[ISDA Rate1: specify] 
[ISDA Rate2: specify] 
 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is 
a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
– 
Designated Maturity 
[] 
[A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an overnight 
rate] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an interest accrual period (as per 
Condition 5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[] 
[In the case of a EURIBOR-based option, the first day 
of the interest period] 
 
–      Minimum ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ 
ISDA Rate2: 
–      Maximum ISDA Rate/ ISDA Rate1/ 
ISDA Rate2: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
 
– 
[Calculation Period: 
[] 
 
– 
Fixing Day: 
[] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [] 
 
– 
Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)(b) / [] 
 
– 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if 
no number is specified, the applicable number of days 
shall be five (5) days)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
 
– 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
– 
Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
[Observation Period Shift: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
 
– 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
 
[] 
 
– 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
 
– 
2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity, each as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) Rate Multiplier(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[Rate 
Multiplier1: 
[]/[Rate 
Multiplier2: []]] 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per annum / 
Zero (0) as per Condition 5(c)] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
15. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/CMS 
Linked Notes, Floating/Fixed Rate Notes, 
CMS Linked Notes/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes Provisions 
or CMS/CMS Linked Notes (Condition 
5(g)): 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods [preceeding the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(excluded) (If the Switch Date or the 
Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable, falls on an Interest 
Payment Date)] / [preceding the 
Interest Period including the Switch 
Date or the Automatic Switch Date, 
as applicable / up to the end of the 
Interest Period including the Switch 
Date or the Automatic Switch Date, 
as applicable (If the Switch Date or 
the Automatic Switch Date, as 
applicable does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note]/[Condition 5(d), as though the Note was a CMS 
Linked Note] with further variables set out in item 
[13/14/16] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
[following 
the 
Switch Date or the Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable 
(included) (If the Switch Date or the 
Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable, falls on an Interest 
Payment Date)] / [from the Interest 
Period including the Switch Date / 
following 
the 
Interest 
Period 
including the Switch Date or the 
Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable (If the Switch Date or the 
Automatic 
Switch 
Date, 
as 
applicable, does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
/[Condition 5(d), as though the Note was a CMS 
Linked Note] with further variables set out in item 
[13/14/16] of these Final Terms 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Switch Date: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] 
/[Automatic Switch Date] [Not Applicable]] 
16. 
CMS Linked Note Provisions (Condition 
5(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used for

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s): 
 
Condition 5(d) formula [A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I] shall 
apply 
 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(d) shall 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/  
Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
(Specify 
the 
relevant 
Business 
Centre(s) 
applicable 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5(a))/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Calculation 
Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
[●] (give name and address) /[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: specify]  
[CMS Rate1: specify]  
[CMS Rate2: specify] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Time: 
[[●]/11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time [in case of EUR-ISDA-
EURIBOR Swap Rate - 11:00]] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Specified Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Applicable Rate: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(xiv) Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/ [●]] 
 
(xv) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xviii)  Minimum CMS Rate/CMS 
Rate1/CMS Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(xix)  Maximum CMS Rate/CMS 
Rate1/CMS Rate2: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xx)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
17. 
Inverse Floating Rate Note and Inverse 
CMS Linked Note Provisions (Condition 
5(f)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Inverse Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention / Following 
Business Day Convention / Modified Following 
Business Day Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
 
[] (Specify the relevant Business 
Centre(s) 
applicable 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5(a))/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
 
[] (give name and address)/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) formula [1/2] shall apply.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(ii)(C) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Primary Source: 
[Specify Relevant Screen Page or "Reference Banks"] 
(In the case of SOFR or €STR, delete this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Banks (if Primary 
Source is "Reference 
Banks"): 
 
 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(The financial centre most closely connected to the 
benchmark - specify if not Paris) 
 
–  
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound / SONIA Payment Delay Compound / 
SONIA Compound]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SONIA) 
 
–  
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound 
/ SOFR Payment Delay Compound / SOFR Lookback 
Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / SOFR Index 
Average]] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
 
– 
[€STR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination:  
 
[€STR Lookback Compound / €STR Shift 
Compound] (Only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
– 
[TONA 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
 
[TONA Lookback Compound  / TONA Shift 
Compound / TONA Payment Delay Compound] 
(Only applicable in the case of TONA) 
 
– 
[SARON Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SARON Lookback Compound  / SARON Shift 
Compound / SARON Payment Delay Compound] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
–  
[SONIA Rate Cut-Off Date:  
The day that is the [second / [●]] London Banking 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation to 
the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[TONA Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] Tokyo Banking Day

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: 
The day that is the [second / [●]] Zurich Banking Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in relation to the 
relevant Interest Period.] 
 
–  
[Observation Shift Days: 
 
[•]] (Only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, TONA or SARON) 
 
–  
[Observation Look-Back 
Period: 
 
[[●] T2 Business Days/London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/Tokyo Banking 
Days/Zurich Banking Day] [Not Applicable]] (Only 
applicable in the case of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, TONA 
or SARON) 
 
–  
[SOFR IndexStart: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
 
–  
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] (Only applicable in the case of 
SOFR Index Average) 
 
–  
[Relevant Number: 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)]] (Only 
applicable in the case of SARON Index 
Determination) 
 
– 
Benchmark: 
 
[Relevant Rate: specify] 
 
[Relevant Rate1: specify] 
 
[Relevant  Rate2: specify]  
 
(specify Benchmark (EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, TONA or SARON (or any other reference rate 
that might replace them) and, if applicable, maturity 
(e.g. EURIBOR 3 months))  
 
– 
[Interest Accrual Period End 
Dates: 
 
[Not Applicable / each date falling [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day(s) / [●] London 
Banking Day(s) / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) / [●] 
Tokyo 
Banking 
Day(s) 
after 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date in relation to the first Interest 
Accrual Period or after the previous Interest Accrual 
Period End Date thereafter] (Only applicable in the 
case of SOFR Payment Delay Compound, SONIA 
Payment Delay Compound, SARON Payment Delay 
Compound or TONA Payment Delay Compound)]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
– 
[Interest Payment Delay:  
[Not Applicable /[•] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) / [•] London Banking Day(s) / [•] 
Zurich Banking Day(s) / [•] Tokyo Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay 
Compound, SONIA Payment Delay Compound, 
SARON Payment Delay Compound or TONA Payment 
Delay Compound)] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an interest accrual period (as per 
Condition 5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
 
– 
Representative Amount: 
 
[] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount) 
 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
 
[] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
 
– 
Specified Duration: 
 
[] (Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period) 
 
 
– 
Minimum Relevant Rate/ 
Relevant Rate1/ Relevant 
Rate2: 
– 
Maximum Relevant Rate/ 
Relevant Rate1/ Relevant 
Rate2: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(A) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(ii)(A) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate (Taux 
Variable): 
[FBF Rate: specify] 
[FBF Rate1: specify] 
[FBF Rate2: specify]  
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR or any other rate that

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
might replace them and months e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months)  
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Recueil de Taux – Additifs 
Techniques FBF as at the date of the Base Prospectus 
are reliant upon the provisions by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time) 
 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an interest accrual period (as per 
Condition 5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
– 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
 
[] 
 
– 
Minimum FBF Rate/ FBF 
Rate1/ FBF Rate2: 
– 
Maximum FBF Rate/ FBF 
Rate1/ FBF Rate2: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable formula to be 
used for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
Condition 5(c)(ii)(B) formula [1/2] shall apply. 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(c)(ii)(B) 
shall be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option (Taux 
Variable): 
[ISDA Rate: specify] 
[ISDA Rate1: specify] 
[ISDA Rate2: specify] 
(specify Benchmark EURIBOR or any other rate that 
might replace them and months e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months)  
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions as at 
the date of the Base Prospectus are reliant upon the 
provisions by reference banks of offered quotations 
for 
EURIBOR 
which, 
depending 
on 
market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant 
time)

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
– 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable and the 
Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of an interest accrual period (as per 
Condition 5(c), insert the relevant interest accrual 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination] 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
– 
Minimum ISDA Rate/ ISDA 
Rate1/ ISDA Rate2 
– 
Maximum ISDA Rate/ ISDA 
Rate1/ ISDA Rate2 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
 
(B) Inverse 
CMS 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable formula to be used 
for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
 
 
 
Condition 5(d) formula [A/B/C/D/E/F/G/H/I] shall 
apply. 
 
(specify which formula set out in Condition 5(d) shall 
be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/ specify dates] 
 
(vi) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/  
Following Business Day Convention / Modified

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
5(a)): 
 
[●] 
(Specify 
the 
relevant 
Business 
Centre(s) 
applicable 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
5(a))/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
[Calculation Agent]): 
 
 
 
 
[●] (give name and address) /[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS Rate: specify]  
[CMS Rate1: specify]  
[CMS Rate2: specify  
 
(xi) 
Relevant Time: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Rate Multiplier: 
 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xvi) 
Minimum CMS Rate/ CMS 
Rate1/ CMS Rate2: 
(xvii) 
Maximum CMS Rate/      
CMS Rate1/ CMS Rate2: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(xviii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions (Condition 
5(h)): 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual- 
ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30ª/360 (American 
Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
FBF] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] [in the case of Subordinated Notes, the first 
Optional Redemption Date shall be at least five years 
after the Issue Date]/[in the case of Senior Notes, the 
first Optional Redemption Date shall be at least one 
year after the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
 
[Optional Redemption Amount: [] 
Y = [] per cent.] /[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period23: 
[] days 
 
20. 
Clean-up Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Optional Clean-up Redemption Date(s): 
[Any Interest Payment Date/[●]] (Applicable only to 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
21. 
MREL Disqualification Event Call 
Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Notes) 
22. 
Capital Event Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
23 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons, the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, a MREL 
Disqualification Event, a Capital 
Event or exercise of a Clean-up Call 
Option: 
 
 
 
[[●] 
per 
Note 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination/Specified Denomination]  
 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (only 
applicable to Materialised Notes): 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ 
Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes are only in 
bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / (if Applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur) / registered form (au 
nominatif))] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ (if applicable give name and 
address)] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
Fully 
Registered 
Dematerialised Notes only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
"Exchange Date", being forty (40) calendar days after 
the Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in 
the Temporary Global Certificate] 
25. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable/Specify 
any 
other 
applicable 
Financial Centre]. (Note that this paragraph relates 
to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 14(v), 
16(vi), 17(A)(vi) and 17(B)(vi) relate) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable 
to 
Materialised Notes) 
27. 
Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of Noteholders 
as provided by Condition 1(a)(i): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
28. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative 
[(Insert name and address of the Representative)/No 
Representative has been appointed in relation to the 
Notes as at the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Alternate Representative 
[Not Applicable/ (if applicable insert name and 
address of the alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Issue outside France: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
By: ............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
(a) Listing and admission to 
trading: 
 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed 
on 
the 
Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/[specify other relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[specify other relevant 
regulated market, third country market, SME Growth 
Market or MTF]] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
[(b) Regulated Markets or 
equivalent markets on which, 
to the knowledge of the 
Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be 
offered or admitted to trading 
are 
already 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[]/[Not Applicable] 24] 
[(ii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
 
[]/[Not Applicable]25] 
(iii) Additional 
publication 
of 
Base Prospectus and Final Terms: 
[●] (Please provide for additional methods of publication 
in respect of an admission to trading on a regulated market 
other than on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.)  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated/The Notes to be issued 
have been/are expected to be rated:  
[Moody's: []] 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
24  
Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
25  
Required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
[Fitch: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] is/are established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 
513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and included in the 
list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] 
/ 
 
[[] [insert credit rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered the EU CRA Regulation unless the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency operating in the 
European Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted 
an application for registration in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.] / 
 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) No. 513/2011 (the "EU CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is 
established in the European Union, registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
EU 
CRA 
Regulation.]/ 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.] 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and the rating[s] given 
by [] [insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
endorsed under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as amended 
by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") but [is/are] certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
[[[The rating[s] given by [] [insert credit rating 
agency/ies] [has been/will be] endorsed by [●] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] / 
[[] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] certified 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] [As such, the rating[s] 
issued by [] [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]]26 
 
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the credit 
rating (i.e. "According to Fitch's rating system, ["A" 
ratings denote expectations of a low level of default risk 
relative to other issuers or obligations in the same country 
or monetary union and "F1" indicates the strongest capacity 
for timely payment of financial commitments relative to 
other issuers or obligations in the same country. Under the 
agency’s National Rating scale, this rating is assigned to 
the lowest default risk relative to others in the same country 
or monetary union. Where the liquidity profile is 
particularly strong, a "+" is added to the assigned rating. / 
"BBB" ratings denote a moderate level of default risk 
relative to other issuers or obligations in the same country 
or monetary union]. According to Moody's rating system, 
[obligations rated "Aa" are judged to be of high quality and 
are subject to very low credit risk and P-1 Issuers (or 
supporting institutions) rated Prime-1 have a superior 
ability to repay short-term debt obligations / obligations 
rated "Baa" are judged to be medium-grade and subject to 
moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics.] Moody's appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid -range ranking; 
and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of 
that generic rating category].")] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
26 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and either (i) the ratings of the notes issued by 
the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA or (ii) the EEA CRA issuing the ratings of the notes is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below)  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] and save as disclosed in the section "Subscription 
and Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the 
Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests. When adding any other description, consideration should be given as 
to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,]/[AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES27] 
 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used 
for the Issuer's general corporate purposes.] / [Other 
(specify)] / The net proceeds of the issue of Notes will 
be used by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole 
or 
in 
part, 
new 
or 
existing 
[green/social/sustainability] projects, as described in 
the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer's green, 
social and sustainability bond framework (as amended 
and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time, 
the 
"Framework") which is available on the website of 
the 
Issuer 
(http://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutu
el/ecb_5008/fr/analyste-ou-investisseur) (such Notes 
being referred to as ["Green Bonds"]/["Social 
Bonds"]/["Sustainability Bonds"]) and described 
below: 
 
[Describe specific projects included in the 
Eligible Green Loan Categories (such as 
renewable energy, green buildings, energy 
transition loans, sustainable mobility and 
sustainable waste and water management) 
and/or Eligible Social Loan Categories (such as 
affordable housing, health and care, territorial 
economic development and education) and/or 
availability of second party opinion and any 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
27 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained.] 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the information on the 
website of the Issuer does not form part of the Final 
Terms and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority.]]" 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
[(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
 
[] (Include breakdown of expenses.)]28 
 
5. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES OR CMS LINKED NOTES ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Applicable] /[Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/EUR CMS//€STR/ 
SONIA/SOFR/SARON/TONA/other] rates can be 
obtained, [but not] free of charge, from [Reuters/[•] 
(give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance)]. 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/EUR 
CMS/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/SARON/TONA/other] 
which is provided by [the European Money Markets 
Institute/ICE Benchmark Administration Limited/the 
Bank of England/the Federal Bank of New York/the 
SIX Swiss Exchange/the European Central Bank/the 
Bank of Japan/[•]]. As at [●], [the European Money 
Markets Institute/ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited//the Bank of England/the Federal Bank of 
New York/the SIX Swiss Exchange/the European 
Central Bank/the Bank of Japan/[●]] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by [the 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
28 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 
as 
amended 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation") / the Financial Conduct Authority in 
the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the 
[European Money Markets Institute/ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited//the Bank of England/the 
Federal Bank of New York/the SIX Swiss 
Exchange/the European Central Bank/the Bank of 
Japan/[●]] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
FISN Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / 
[Not Available]  
CFI Code: 
[] / [See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not Applicable] / 
[Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested, 
it/they should be specified to be "Not Applicable".) 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
(i) Euroclear France to act as central depositary 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent: 
 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
 
[]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
- 
names [and addresses29] of Managers [and 
underwriting commitments30]: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/(give names[, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]31)] 
[(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)32] 
 
- 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[]]33 
 
- 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name)] 
 
(iii)  
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address]34 of Dealer: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/(give name [and address])] 
 
(iv) 
[Total commission and concession35: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
[Non-exempt Offer36: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this sub-
paragraph (vi) and also paragraph 10 below) 
 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[France]/[Luxembourg]/[●] 
 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the conditions in it: 
 
 
 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
29 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
30 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
31 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.  
32 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
33 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
34 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
35 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
36 Only applicable for Notes with a denomination per unit of less than €100,000.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is Applicable)] 
 
(vi)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors37: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vii)  Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors38: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER]39 
 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[The Offer Price amounts to [] being the initial 
issue price of [] at which the Issuer has offered the 
Notes to the Managers, less a total commission of 
[].] 
(or where the price is not determined at the date of the 
Final Terms) 
[The issue price of the Notes will be determined by 
the Issuer and the Managers on or about [] in 
accordance with market conditions then prevailing, 
including [supply and demand for the Notes and other 
similar securities] [and] [the then current market price 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
37 The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 
2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
38The expression "Retail Investor" means a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"). 
39 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
of [insert relevant benchmark security, if any].] 
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
 
 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional [on their issue 
[only applicable to offers during the subscription 
period]] [on any additional conditions set out in the 
standard 
terms 
of 
business 
of 
the 
financial 
intermediaries, notified to investors by such relevant 
Financial Intermediaries].] 
 
(iii) 
Total amount of the issue/offer: 
 
[] (if the amount is not fixed, insert a description of 
the arrangements and time for announcing to the 
public the definitive amount of the offer.) 
 
(iv) 
Description of the application 
process: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Description of the possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and the manner 
for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vi) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Notes: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/The Notes will be issued on the Issue 
Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys. Investors will be notified by the 
relevant financial intermediary of their allocations of 
Notes and the settlement arrangements in respect 
thereof.] 
 
(viii) Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(ix) 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(x) 
If the offer is being made 
simultaneously in the markets of two 
or more countries and if a tranche 
has been or is being reserved for 
certain of these, indicate any such 
tranche: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Offers may be made by the financial intermediaries 
[insert jurisdiction where the Base Prospectus has 
been approved and published and jurisdictions into 
which it has been passported] to any person. In other

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
EEA countries, offers will only be made by the 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
as implemented in such countries to publish a 
prospectus.] 
 
(xi) 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] (If the Issuer is subject 
to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such that it is required to 
disclose information relating to costs and charges, 
also include that information) 
 
(xiii) Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to 
act 
as 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)/ 
Any 
financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus"]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the Final Terms only for Notes with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
7 July 2023 between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will 
be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly 
on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, 
or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be 
sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for 
Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme 
and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an 
issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
 
General 
 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any 
Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for the purchase, offer or sale of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such purchase, offer or sale. 
None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
 
European Economic Area 
Public offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retails Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA except that, pursuant to an exemption to publish a prospectus, it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
 
(i)  
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State of the EEA (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State of the EEA and notified to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA,

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
provided that (a) the Issuer has given its written consent and (b) any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable;  
 
(ii)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation;  
 
(iii)  
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(iv)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation,  
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United States of America 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and subject to certain exceptions, may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined under 
Regulation S. The Notes are being offered and sold outside of the United States in offshore transactions to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell the Notes of any identifiable Tranche within the 
United States. 
 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealer(s) reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such 
U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For the purposes of 
this provision:  
 
(a) 
the expression "retail" investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Italy 
 
No application has been or will be made or filed by any person to obtain an authorisation from the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial Services Act") and to 
CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, and 
has not distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the Republic of Italy 
any Notes, the relevant Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes other than:  
 
(a)  
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus Regulation  
and by Article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers' Regulation; or  
(b)  
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the rules relating to public 
offers of financial products (offerta al pubblico di prodotti finanziari) is provided by Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or any offering material relating to the Notes in the circumstances 
described in the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b) shall be made:  
 
(i)  
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(the "Banking Act"), CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to 
time; and  
(ii)  
in accordance with all applicable Italian laws and regulations, including all relevant securities and tax 
laws and regulations and any limitations as may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy or other Italian authorities.  
 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. No person resident 
or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
 
Japan 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended: the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that 
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including and corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, 
directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and other relevant laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
 
The Netherlands

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that any Notes will only be offered in The Netherlands to qualified investors (as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation). 
 
Kingdom of Spain 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not make an offering of the Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms unless, the requirements of Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law, 
Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, on admission to listing and on issues and public offers of 
securities (as amended from time to time) and any other regulation and ESMA or Comisión Nacional del Mercado 
de Valores (the "CNMV") guidance developing them which may be in force and required therefore from time to 
time have been complied with. Otherwise no Notes will be offered, sold, delivered, marketed nor may copies of 
this Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Kingdom of Spain, except: 
 
- 
to qualified investors (inversores cualificados), as defined in Article 39 of Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 
November 2005, on admission to listing and on issues and public offers of securities as amended from 
time to time and in particular as amended by Royal Decree 1698/2012, of 21 December 2012, which 
modifies the applicable laws and regulations on prospectus and transparency requirements. Individuals 
and small and medium-sized enterprises domiciled in Spain which have requested to be considered as 
qualified investors must comply with the registration requirements set forth by Article 39 of Royal 
Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, on admission to listing and on issues and public offers of 
securities; or 
- 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 35 of 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the consolidated text of the Securities 
Market Law. 
 
Except to qualified investors, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Kingdom of Spain, even those which are exempted from the rules 
on public offerings, must be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Kingdom of Spain in accordance with Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, 
approving the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law. In addition, each Dealer has agreed that it will 
comply, and each further Dealer appointed under the programme will be required to agree to comply where 
applicable, with all requirements under Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October 2015, approving the 
consolidated text of the Securities Market Law, Royal Decree 1310/2005, of 4 November 2005, Royal Decree 
217/2008, of 15 February 2008, MiFID II related rules and any ESMA or CNMV regulatory guidance in relation 
thereto. 
 
Any re-offer or re-sale of the Notes shall be subject to the restrictions set out herein above. 
 
Switzerland 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, including, 
but not limited to, any regulations made by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and/or the 
Swiss National Bank (if any) in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes or the distribution of 
any offering or marketing material in Switzerland in respect of such Notes.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
France 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding 
the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as competent authority in Luxembourg under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer, nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes.  
 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market until 
7 July 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated by reference) in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent 
that such Notes constitute obligations under French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of 
Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate its power to its Président or to any 
other member of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer, or to the Directeur 
Général of the Issuer, or to any other person. 
 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme will, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute 
obligations, fall within the general powers of the Directeur Général of the Issuer or a Directeur Général 
Délégué of the Issuer or any other authorised official acting by delegation.  
 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2022. 
 
 
On 5 September 2019, Crédit Mutuel Arkéa signed a memorandum of understanding with the Caisse 
Fédérale de Crédit Mutuel and Crédit Mutuel Massif Central federation to define the terms of the separation 
of the Crédit Mutuel Massif Central federation, which took place on January 1st, 2020. 
 
The CET 1 ratio of the Crédit Mutuel Arkéa Group is 16.9% as at 31 December 2022. Common Equity Tier 
1 (CET 1) totaled €7,508 million. It increased by €200 million in 2022, which corresponds mainly to the 
incorporation of the unappropriated profit for the year and the collection of shares. 
 
(4) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 
31 December 2022. 
 
(5) 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware), during a period covering the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
 
(6) 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
 
(7) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de la 
Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) 
and Clearstream (42, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common Code and the

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(8) 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France (both entities 
regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux 
comptes) have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Issuer and 2022 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer. 
 
Deloitte & Associés and PricewaterhouseCoopers belong each to the Compagnie Régionale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes of Versailles. 
 
(9) 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) and the Final 
Terms related to Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of the EEA or offered to the public in a 
Member 
State 
of 
the 
EEA 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
websites 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn) 
and/or 
of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), in each case in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
 
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA other than 
Luxembourg, in each case in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those 
Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the 
website of (x) the Regulated Market of the Member State of the EEA where the Notes have been admitted 
to trading or offered to the public and/or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of the EEA where 
the Notes have been admitted to trading or offered to the public and/or (z) the Issuer 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn). 
 
(10) 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and the documents listed at (i), (ii), (iv) and 
(v) 
below 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.arkea.com/banque/assurance/credit/mutuel/ecb_5038/fr/programme-emtn): 
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global 
Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Notes, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(iv) 
the Framework and second party opinion; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the relevant Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to 
in this Base Prospectus.  
 
(11) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
(12) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Fixed Rate Notes on 
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Fixed Rate Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
 
(13) 
Senior Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated A/F1 by Fitch and 
Aa3/P-1 by Moody's. Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be 
rated A- by Fitch and A3 by Moody's. Subordinated Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
to be rated Baa1 by Moody's.  
 
As defined by Fitch, an obligation rated 'A' denotes expectations of low default risk and a high credit 
quality. A short-term obligation rated 'F1' indicates a strongest intrinsic capacity of the Issuer for timely 
payment of its financial commitments. An obligation rated 'BBB' indicate that the capacity for payment of 
financial commitments by the Issuer is considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions 
are more likely to impair this capacity. The ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus 
(-) sign to denote relative status within a major rating category.  
 
As defined by Moody's, an obligation rated 'Aa' is judged to be of high quality and subject to very low 
credit risk. The Issuer capacity to meet its financial commitment when the short-term debt obligation is 
rated 'P-1' means a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. An obligation rated 'A' is judged to 
be upper-medium grade and subject to low credit risk. An obligation rated 'Baa' is judged to be medium-
grade and consequently subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative 
characteristics.  
 
The Issuer accepts no responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of the ratings. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning credit rating agency.  
 
Fitch and Moody's are established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
are included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published by the ESMA on its website as of the date of this Base Prospectus40.  
 
(14) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s) (or person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
 
(15) 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON, TONA or EUR CMS which are provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute ("EMMI") (with respect to EURIBOR), ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
("ICE") (with respect to EUR CMS), the Bank of England (with respect to SONIA), the Federal Bank of 
New York (with respect to SOFR), the SIX Swiss Exchange (with respect to SARON), the European 
Central Bank (with respect to €STR) and the Bank of Japan (with respect to TONA), or other reference 
rates, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI and ICE 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms will specify the administrator 
of any relevant "benchmark" used as a reference under the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Notes and 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
40 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
whether or not such administrator appears on the above mentioned register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
or in the FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
 
(16) 
The LEI number of the Issuer is 96950041VJ1QP0B69503.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of its knowledge, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
 
Le Relecq Kerhuon, on 7 July 2023 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
Represented by: Stéphane Cadieu

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
 
ISSUER 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
Tél.: + 33 2 98 00 22 22 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
 
 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10  
1082 PP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander - Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
Crédit Mutuel Arkéa 
1, rue Louis Lichou 
29480 Le Relecq Kerhuon 
France 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main  
Platz der Republik 
D-60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WS0101.36375759.1 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
LEGAL ADVISER 
TO THE ISSUER 
 
LEGAL ADVISER  
TO THE PERMANENT DEALERS 
 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France