--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2023 
 
 
 
 
CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH 
(société de financement de l'habitat duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution) 
€82,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Crédit Agricole 
Financement de l'Habitat SFH (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue 
obligations de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of Article L.513-30-I of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and 
Financial Code") (the "Notes"), benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, as more fully described herein. 
The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed €82,000,000,000. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in its capacity as competent authority in France under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under the Programme for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval 
granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, including any other Regulated Market (as defined below), and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext 
Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") and appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") on its website (each, a "Regulated Market"). The relevant final terms (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") in 
respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and/or offered to the 
public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in a member state of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 20 July 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form and will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination, Title and Method of Issue") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in section entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Definitions"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
The Notes are expected to be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"). The credit rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's is established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and appearing on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal by the 
assigning rating agency, at any time and without prior notice. 
The Notes are intended to benefit from the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label created by decree-law (ordonnance) No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 
2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU, subject to supervision by the French Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) (the "ACPR") and regular verification by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) 
that the applicable requirements are satisfied. The authorisation to use this label for the Notes has been granted by the ACPR to the Issuer on 17 July 2023. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms relating to any Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market 
and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any member state of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published 
on the websites of (i) the Issuer (https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and (ii) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
See section entitled "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGERS 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
PERMANENT DEALER 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time) 
constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes 
and the reasons for the issuance of any Notes and its impact on the Issuer. The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in section entitled "General Description of the Programme") not 
contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption 
price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and any Dealer (as 
defined in section entitled "General Description of the Programme") at the time of the issue and will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with (i) any supplement thereto that may 
be published from time to time, together with any document incorporated by reference therein and (ii) in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms.  
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time) may 
only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
Arrangers (as defined in section entitled "General Description of the Programme") or any Dealer. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Arrangers nor any Dealer represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arrangers or any Dealer which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Note may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come are required by the 
Issuer, the Arrangers and any Dealer to inform themselves of, and to observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States of America, 
including its territories and possessions (the "United States"), the EEA and the United Kingdom. For 
further description, see section entitled "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States and, subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S"). The Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arrangers or any Dealer to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Neither the Arrangers nor any Dealer have separately verified the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither the Arrangers nor any Dealer make any representation, express or implied, or accepts 
any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Arrangers and any Dealer make any representation or warranty or give any 
assurance that any Notes to be issued under the Programme will remain allowed to use the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or any

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Dealer that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the 
Notes. Each potential investor in the Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. Neither the Arrangers nor any Dealer undertake to review the financial or general 
condition of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the attention of 
any Dealer or the Arrangers.  
Neither the Arrangers nor any Dealer nor the Issuer makes any representation to any potential investor in 
the Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any potential investor in the 
Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes should only be purchased by investors who are able to assess the specific risks implied by an 
investment in the Notes, or who act on the advice of financial institutions. 
Potential investors should make their own independent evaluations of all investment considerations and 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
be (or be advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial condition, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant rates and financial markets; 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks; 
(vi) 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for 
it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply 
to its purchase or pledge of any Note. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Note under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
has or assumes responsibility for (a) the lawfulness of the subscription or acquisition of the Notes by 
a potential investor, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction 
in which it operates (if different) or (b) compliance by that potential investor with any law, regulation 
or regulatory policy applicable to it; and 
(vii) 
ensure that, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, it complies 
with existing restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Notes generally and in any particular type 
of Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the jurisdiction of the investor and the Issuer's 
jurisdiction of incorporation, or in accordance with any applicable double tax treaty, which may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential 
investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to 
the subscription, acquisition, holding, disposal, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in 
a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
The credit ratings to be assigned to the Notes by Moody's take into account the loan receivables, the related 
security, the properties, the structure of the Notes, the financial situation of Crédit Agricole S.A. (as 
borrower) and other relevant structural features of the transaction and the laws and regulations applicable 
to sociétés de financement de l'habitat, and reflect only the views of Moody's. The credit ratings to be assigned 
by Moody's reflect the likelihood of full and timely payment of interest and/or principal due on the relevant 
series on each relevant payment date, final maturity date (or the relevant extended final maturity date, as 
the case may be). There is no assurance that any such credit ratings will continue for any period of time or 
that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by Moody's as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgment of Moody's, circumstances so warrant. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Any adverse change in the applicable credit 
rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving 
certain parties to the Programme Documents (as defined in section entitled "General description of the 
Programme"). For example, such potential conflicts may arise because Crédit Agricole S.A. acts in several 
capacities under the Programme Documents, although its rights and obligations under the Programme 
Documents are not contractually conflicting and are independent from one another. Also during the course 
of their business activities, the parties to the Programme Documents and/or any respective affiliates may 
operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, which are in the same 
markets as the Home Loans. In such cases, the interest of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest 
of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ from, and compete with, the interest 
of the Issuer or of the Noteholders.  
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Relevant Rate Determination Agent in respect of an issuance 
of Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is likely to be a 
member of an international financial group, including as the case may be, a company within the Crédit 
Agricole Group, with the exception of the Issuer itself, that is involved in a wide range of banking activities 
out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst they will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, they may in their other banking activities from time to 
time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts 
receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii), as applicable, not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 20181 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be 
in October 2023.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 14 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................................. 31 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................... 33 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 55 
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIETES DE 
FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT ...................................................................................................................... 82 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH AND 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. AND OTHER MEMBERS OF THE GROUP .................................................... 90 
SUBCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................... 92 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ............................................................................................................................. 95 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ........................................................................................................................... 112 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 133 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............ 136

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"), the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such 
terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer and will be subject to the Conditions set out in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended, or any implementing regulation 
thereof. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in this section will have the meaning given to them in section entitled 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH, a limited liability company 
(société anonyme) incorporated under French law and duly licensed in France 
as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) pursuant 
to the decision of the European Central Bank dated 14 July 2023 as notified 
by the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) on 18 July 2023. 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") 
of the Issuer: 
 
969500DDQOQPU5PDGB36 
Arrangers: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank (the 
"Arrangers"). 
Permanent Dealer: 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer (as 
defined below) under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in 
respect of one (1) or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
person referred to above as Permanent Dealer and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as Dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to the "Dealers" are to 
the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a Dealer in respect of one 
(1) or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issue of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of Article L.513-
30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Notes"). Under the 
Programme, the Issuer may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, from time to time, issue Notes the principal and 
interest of which benefit from the statutory priority right of payment 
(privilège) (the "Privilège") created by Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. For further description, see section entitled 
"Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat". 
Label: 
European Covered Bond (Premium) 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €82,000,000,000 aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time, or such other amount as may be agreed from time to time between 
the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent: 
 
Uptevia. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer 
and/or the Notes and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk 
associated with the Notes and of which potential investors should be aware.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Such risks may alter the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
towards investors. For further description, see section entitled "Risk Factors" 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one (1) or more 
issue date(s). The Notes of each Series will be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the 
same or different issue date(s) and on terms identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. The 
specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final 
terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Notes may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currency: 
The Notes shall be issued in Euro. 
Denomination: 
The Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.Notes shall be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 4 (Privilège), privileged obligations of the Issuer 
and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or future notes 
(including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised by the 
Issuer benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) 
created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 
described in Condition 4 (Privilège). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Events of Default: 
None. 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled pursuant to any 
Issuer's or Noteholders' option or, with respect to any Note having a soft bullet 
maturity its maturity is extended in accordance with the Conditions, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date") at its final redemption amount (the 
"Final Redemption Amount") (which, unless otherwise provided, is 100% 
of its nominal amount) or, in the case of Notes falling within Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption by Instalments), its final Instalment Amount.  
An Extended Final Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
with respect to Notes having a soft bullet maturity in accordance with the 
Conditions. Within the conditions of Article L.513-30 and Article R.513-8-1 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Final Maturity Date of such 
Notes may be extended upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger 
Event. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or at the option of the Noteholders, and if so 
the terms applicable to such redemption among the options described in 
Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche that are redeemable in two 
(2) or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in 
which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in paragraph entitled "Optional Redemption" above, Notes 
will be redeemable by the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only in the case

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
of illegality or upon the occurrence of an ECB Ineligibility Event (as provided 
in Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility)). 
Withholding tax: 
All payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
Each potential holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax 
adviser as to the tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and 
disposition of, the Notes. 
No gross-up obligation: 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues in respect of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding 
or deduction. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes, the applicable interest rate 
and/or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. The Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. The relevant Final 
Terms will set out such information among the options and terms and 
conditions described in Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the same basis as the Floating Rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service (including, without limitation, 
EURIBOR),  
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the relevant Final Terms, Floating Rate Notes may 
also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. 
Unless a higher minimum rate of interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the minimum rate of interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Such interest will be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment 
Date as shown in the relevant Final Terms or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are show in the relevant Final Terms, as determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates). 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, and Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes 
and Floating/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
different Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate, all 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the 
Issuer or automatically.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest (except, as the case may be, as 
provided in Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes) in respect of any overdue 
principal of such Zero Coupon Notes). 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate 
of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference 
to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative 
benchmark (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes 
and, potentially, the application of an adjustment spread which could be 
negative 
or 
positive). 
See 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)b 
(Benchmark 
discontinuation) for further information. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form only. 
Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au porteur) 
or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of 
the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title 
will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
Representation of holders of 
Notes: 
 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 10(i) (Full Masse) with respect to Notes 
issued with a denomination of less than €100,000, the Noteholders will, in 
respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (in each case, the "Masse"), which will 
be governed by the provisions of Article L.228-46 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code as amended or supplemented by Condition 10 
(Representation of Noteholders). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
Representative and in part through Collective Decisions of the relevant 
Noteholders. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. 
Clearing System: 
Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form, as the case may be, 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The price 
and amount of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Non-exempt offer: 
The Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in 
France and/or in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), 
to the extent the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") has provided 
to the competent authority of such member state a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement related 
thereto) has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, if 
the relevant Final Terms provide it and in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
Approval, listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
 
Application has been made with the AMF for approval of this Base Prospectus 
in its capacity as competent authority in France. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme for the 
period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted by the 
AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, including any other 
Regulated Market (as defined below), in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation in any member state of the EEA. Euronext Paris is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II, appearing on the list of regulated markets 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
(each, a "Regulated Market"). The relevant Final Terms will specify whether 
or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the 
relevant market where the Notes will be listed. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a 
Regulated Market and/or the offering of Notes to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 
20 July 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to 
the information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used to fund the Borrower 
Debt that the Issuer (as lender) will make available to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
(as borrower) under the Facility Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"), in accordance with 
Article L.513-29-I-1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Such net 
proceeds could also be used to fund purchases by the Issuer of Eligible Assets 
(as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") other than the Borrower Debt 
provided that such assets are eligible to the Issuer pursuant to the SFH Legal 
Framework (as defined in section entitled "Main features of the legislation 
and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"). 
Rating: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated Aaa by 
Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"). The credit rating of the Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Moody's is established in the European Union, registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and appearing on the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The credit rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal by the assigning rating agency, 
at any time and without prior notice. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering materials in various jurisdictions. For further description, see section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale". 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended ("Regulation S").

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms 
relating to any Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any 
member state of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will 
be published on the websites of (i) the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations and (ii) the AMF (www.amf-france.org). In addition, if the 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the websites of 
(i) the relevant Regulated Market and/or (ii) the relevant competent authority.  
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of this Base Prospectus 
and various other documents will also be available for inspection and 
obtainable upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on 
any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge, France). 
Programme Documents: 
"Programme Documents" means: 
(i) 
the Administrative Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"); 
(ii) 
the Convention d'Externalisation de Prestations de Services (as 
defined in section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole 
Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other 
members of the Group"); 
(iii) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"); 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(v) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vi) 
the Dealer Agreement (as defined in section entitled "Subscription and 
Sale"); 
(vii) 
the Facility Agreement (as defined in section entitled "Relationship 
between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit 
Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"); 
(viii) the Collateral Security Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"); 
(ix) 
the Cash Collateral Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"); 
(x) 
the Calculation Services Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group"); 
(xi) 
the fees and costs sharing agreement; 
(xii) 
the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement (as defined in 
section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement 
de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the 
Group"), providing for the definitions of defined terms and 
incorporated by reference into certain of the Programme Documents; 
and 
(xiii) as the case may be, any Hedging Agreements and/or any hedging 
agreement(s) entered into by the Borrower (each as defined in section 
entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the 
Group").

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In each category below the Issuer sets out the 
most material risks in first, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the 
probability of their occurrence. 
Potential investors should be aware that the risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Potential investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and make their own opinion as to potential 
risks factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation 
of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. 
The Issuer considers that the Notes shall only be subscribed for or purchased by investors which are (or are advised by) financial 
institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to appropriately evaluate the risks 
associated with the Notes. 
The following risk factors identified by the Issuer have been ranked, in each section, with the highest likelihood of occurrence 
and with the highest negative impact coming first. The likelihood of the occurrence is graded on a four-level scale ("very 
unlikely", "unlikely", "likely" and "very likely") while the magnitude of the negative impact is graded on a three-level scale 
("low", "moderate" and "significant"). 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used below. 
I. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND THE COVER POOL 
A. 
The issuer is exposed to credit and structural risks  
1. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of other parties to the Programme Documents 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes will mainly depend 
on the ability of Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Borrower, cash collateral provider (the "Cash Collateral 
Provider") and hedging counterparty (if any) and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank in its capacity 
as issuer accounts bank to perform its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Programme Documents 
(as defined in section entitled "General description of the Programme") and the value of the Collateral Security 
(as defined below) will depend on the ability of the Collateral Providers (as defined below) to transfer additional 
Home Loan Receivables (as defined below) as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement up to 
the required amount to meet with the asset cover test provided under the Collateral Security Agreement (the "Asset 
Cover Test"). At the date of this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited has assigned long and 
short-term issuer credit ratings of A+/Stable outlook/A-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Moody's France S.A.S has 
assigned an issuer rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A. and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited has 
assigned long and short-term issuer default ratings of A+ Stable outlook/F1 to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
The SFH Legal Framework (as defined in section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations 
relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat") and the Programme Documents provide for mitigants or for 
substitution and/or constitution of cash collateral in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Collateral 
Agreement (the "Cash Collateral") upon certain triggers. Delay or inability to implement those mitigants may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant 
due date.  
In addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a transfer 
as expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and interest payments 
in respect of the Notes.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely but the 
impact of such risk could be significant. 
2. 
Conflicts of interest may arise between the parties to the Programme  
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving certain 
parties to the Programme Documents (as defined in section entitled "General description of the Programme"). For 
example, such potential conflicts may arise because Crédit Agricole S.A. acts in several capacities under the 
Programme Documents, although its rights and obligations under the Programme Documents are not contractually 
conflicting and are independent from one another. Also, during the course of their business activities, the parties 
to the Programme Documents and/or any respective affiliates may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or 
finance loans secured by properties, which are in the same markets as the loans financing residential real estate 
property originated by the Collateral Providers (as defined below) (the "Home Loans"). In such cases, the interest

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions 
may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or of the holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders").  
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a major bank, an independent financial adviser, a broker-dealer, including, as 
the case may be, a company within the Crédit Agricole Group (with the exception of the Issuer itself) as Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group, including as the case may 
be, a company within the Crédit Agricole Group, with the exception of the Issuer itself, that is involved in a wide 
range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst they will, where relevant, have 
information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, they may in their other banking 
activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect 
amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely but the 
impact of such risk could be significant. 
3. 
The Issuer is sole liable and has limited assets 
The Issuer is the only entity liable to pay principal and interests with respect to the Notes and its ability to meet 
its obligations under the Notes will exclusively depend on its assets which shall be allocated in priority to the 
payment of any sums due in respect of the Notes together with any hedging agreement (including termination 
amounts) or other resources benefiting from the same Privilège (see section entitled "Main features of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"). 
The Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes will firstly mainly depend on the ability of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. to meet its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Facility Agreement. 
In case of failure to pay by Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Borrower or more generally upon the occurrence 
of any other event of default provided under the Facility Agreement (an "Event of Default"), including if such 
non-payment is due to any resolution procedure on Crédit Agricole S.A or the Crédit Agricole Group, the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes will thereafter mainly depend on sums and proceeds received under 
the Eligible Assets (as defined below) transferred as Collateral Security (as defined below) to the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement (the "Collateral Security Assets"), i.e. the 
Home Loan Receivables and their related first ranking mortgage or similar privilege securing such Home Loan (a 
"Mortgage") and/or Home Loan Guarantee (as defined below) (each, a "Home Loan Security") or the sale 
proceeds thereof, as well as under any Cash Collateral (if any) provided by Crédit Agricole S.A. as Cash Collateral 
Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement before the occurrence of the Event of Default. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, no Cash Collateral has been funded pursuant to the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
If such amounts are not sufficient for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will not have 
any further source of funds available other than the claim against Crédit Agricole S.A. in respect of the remaining 
unpaid amounts of the Borrower Debt, which would only be an unsecured claim. 
If the double recourse against Crédit Agricole S.A. and the Collateral Security Assets proves to be insufficient to 
support payments under the Notes until their maturity (for further development on specific risks relating to the 
cover pool in case of Event of Default, see section "Risk Factors – Risks related to the cover pool" below), this 
may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer's ability to meet its payment obligations under the Notes. As 
a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be significant. 
4. 
The Issuer is exposed to performance risk on third party service providers 
The Issuer does not have its own means or employees. As a result, the Issuer has entered into agreements with a 
number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for the Issuer, which all belong to the Crédit 
Agricole Group. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Crédit Agricole S.A. is administrator, issuer calculation 
agent and Collateral Providers Agent (as defined below) and the entities controlled by Crédit Agricole S.A. within 
the meaning of Article L.233-3 of the French Commercial Code and/or any Caisse de Crédit Agricole Mutuel 
(within the meaning of Article L.512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code) (the "Crédit Agricole 
Entities"), as collateral providers (the "Collateral Providers") under the Programme Documents (as defined in 
section entitled "General description of the Programme"). The collateral providers agent under the Collateral 
Security Agreement (the "Collateral Providers Agent") shall keep an updated list of the Collateral Providers, 
containing sufficient details of such Collateral Providers and any other material events affecting the legal and 
financial situation of the Collateral Providers and such Collateral Providers may include LCL (Crédit Lyonnais) 
and any Caisse de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (within the meaning of Article L.512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
and Financial Code), to the exclusion of the Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel referred to in Article 
L.512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which is affiliated to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be adversely affected by the failure of such parties 
to perform their respective obligations under the Programme Documents, including in case of any resolution 
procedure on Crédit Agricole S.A or the Crédit Agricole Group. 
The Programme Documents provide for the ability of the Issuer under certain circumstances to terminate the 
appointment of any relevant third party service provider under the relevant Programme Documents and to replace 
it. However, there is a risk that no suitable successor will be found in a timely manner or with sufficient experience 
or ability to serve on the same or similar terms as provided by the relevant Programme Documents or as to the 
financial terms on which they would agree to be appointed. The ability of a substitute entity to perform the required 
services fully would also depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available at the 
time of the appointment.  
Furthermore, the Covid-19 pandemic have led the Crédit Agricole Group Entities to massively implement remote 
working arrangements which could lead to new types of operational incidents or increase the risk of cyber-attacks 
faced by the Crédit Agricole Group Entities. 
Any bad or delayed performance by a third party service provider as well as any delay or inability to appoint a 
substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to the required amount 
and/or on the relevant due date. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in 
the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be significant. 
B. 
The issuer is exposed to market risks 
1. 
The Issuer may be exposed to liquidity risk 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Borrower (as defined 
in section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. 
and other members of the Group") under the Facility Agreement (an "Advance") shall be made available in the 
same maturity (except extension of maturity) and conditions of redemption to those applicable to the Notes 
funding such Advance. As a consequence, as long as no Event of Default has occurred, the Issuer shall not be 
exposed to any liquidity risk regarding the Borrower Debt and the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the enforcement of the transfer of full title by way of security of 
Eligible Assets (as defined below) securing amounts owed by the Borrower to the Issuer under the Facility 
Agreement (the "Collateral Security"), the Issuer's available funds will arise from the receivables themselves 
arising from any Home Loan (the "Home Loan Receivables") comprised in the Collateral Security and related 
Home Loans Security. There is a risk that the Home Loan Receivables forming part of the Collateral Security 
have a maturity and amortisation profile which does not match the repayment profile and maturities of the Notes. 
Such mismatch would create a potential need for liquidity at the level of the Issuer. 
Although the Issuer is legally bound (see section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating 
to sociétés de financement de l'habitat - Liquidity needs coverage") to ensure at any time adequate coverage of its 
liquidity needs with several tools such as, without limitation, pre-maturity Cash Collateral, legal liquidity reserve, 
soft bullet maturity and sale of all or part of its Home Loan Receivables, there is a remaining risk that these 
mitigants would not suffice. 
If the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to meet 
its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make payments under the Notes 
may be negatively affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be significant. 
2. 
The Issuer may be exposed to interest rate and currency risks 
Each Advance shall be made available in the same currency and according to the same interest conditions to those 
applicable to the Notes funding such Advance. As a consequence, as long as no Event of Default has occurred, 
the Issuer shall not be exposed to any currency and interest risk in relation to the Borrower Debt and the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer's available 
funds will arise from the Home Loan Receivables comprised in the Collateral Security and related Home Loans 
Security. Home Loan Receivables that are part of the Collateral Security may not bear interest by way of the same 
conditions as those of the Notes and may not be denominated in the same currency as the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
In order to mitigate or hedge such potential interest rate or currency risks, the Issuer may use different mechanisms 
which may include, without limitation, hedging agreements and/or any obligation of the Collateral Providers 
Agent to select the Home Loan Receivables to be transferred in full title as security (remises en pleine propriété 
à titre de garantie) under the Collateral Security Agreement so as to limit such risk and/or any obligation of the 
Cash Collateral Provider to fund any relevant additional Cash Collateral into the relevant account.  
The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk and performance risk of such counterparties to any of those mitigant 
mechanisms and failure by any such counterparty may affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and interest 
payments in respect of the Notes up to the required amount. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
and the impact of such risk could be low. 
C. 
Risks related to the cover pool  
1. 
Risks related to the cover pool creditworthiness, credit risk and market value 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Collateral Providers may affect the creditworthiness of the Home Loans 
Each of the Home Loans originated by the Collateral Providers will have been originated in accordance with its 
lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that each Collateral Provider's lending criteria will 
generally consider the type of financed property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, the status 
of applicants and their credit history. One of the Home Loans eligibility criteria provided under the Collateral 
Security Agreement requires that, prior to the date upon which the Home Loan has been made available to the 
borrower thereof, and all lending criteria and preconditions as applied by the originator of the Home Loan pursuant 
to its customary lending procedures be satisfied. Each of the Collateral Providers retains the right to revise its 
lending criteria from time to time. If the lending criteria changes in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of 
the Home Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers thereof and may affect the realisable value of 
the Collateral Security Assets or a part thereof, and may significantly affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Notes upon the service of an enforcement notice. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely and the 
impact of such risk could be significant. 
Credit risk related to the debtors of the Home Loan Receivables may affect the Issuer 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer will be exposed 
to the credit risk of the debtors under the Home Loans which are individuals having borrowed money in order to 
finance the acquisition of real estate residential property.  
Furthermore, the debtors under the Home Loans may benefit from the favourable legal and statutory provisions 
of the French Code de la consommation (the "French Consumer Code"), pursuant to which any individual may, 
under certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from a French specialised 
committee (Commission de surendettement des particuliers) a grace period, a reduction of the amount of all and 
any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the case may be, a full or partial extinguishment 
of its indebtedness against a credit institution.  
Pursuant to Article L.711-1 of the French Consumer Code, a situation of over-indebtedness is characterised by 
the manifest impossibility (impossibilité manifeste), for an individual, to satisfy all its non-professional debts, 
whether due and payable or unmatured. The benefit of the over-indebtedness treatment process is granted to any 
individual, provided that such individual acts in good faith. An individual will not be considered to be acting in 
good faith if he has organised his own insolvency or has dissipated his assets. The over-indebtedness process may 
lead inter alia to a suspension of on-going enforcement procedures (procédures d'exécution forcée), a suspension 
of the due date of the debts of the over-indebted individual, a rescheduling of such debts, a reduction or a 
cancellation of such debts, a reduction or a cancellation of the interest rates applicable thereto, a liquidation of the 
individual's assets or the total cancellation of all personal debts of the over-indebted individual. Upon the 
application of such measures in favour of any debtor under a Home Loan, the Issuer may suffer a principal loss 
and/or a reduction in the yield of the Home Loans, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes. 
The ability of a debtor under the Home Loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such Home Loans 
will mainly depend on his assets and his liabilities as well as his ability to generate sufficient income to make 
payments under the relevant Home Loans. His ability to generate income may be adversely affected by a large 
number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the debtor himself (including but not limited to his age 
and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more general in 
nature (such as changes in France on governmental regulations, fiscal policy, economic environment, etc.). As a 
result, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes may be adversely affected.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely but the 
impact of such risk could be low. 
After an Event of Default, for Home Loans guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee, the Issuer is exposed to the 
credit risk of the Home Loan Guarantee provider 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer will be exposed 
to the credit risk of the Home Loan Guarantee providers in relation to Home Loans which are secured by a personal 
guarantee (cautionnement) provided by Crédit Logement or by CAMCA or, subject to affirmation of the Rating 
Agency, other institutions eligible in accordance with the SFH Legal Framework (a "Home Loan Guarantee"), 
in case of default of the debtor of the relevant Home Loan. 
If the Home Loan Guarantee provider does not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant Home 
Loan Guarantee for whatever reason or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely but the 
impact of such risk could be low. 
For Home Loans secured by a Mortgage, the Issuer is exposed to the decrease of the value of the mortgaged 
property  
In any event, the value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number of 
factors, including the national or international economic environment, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments and government 
policies. As the properties securing the Home Loans are located in France, the value of such properties may 
therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in France. 
Such decrease may accordingly affect the Issuer's ability to obtain an amount of enforcement proceeds which is 
sufficient to cover any unpaid amount due by the underlying debtor and as a result, this may affect the ability of 
the Issuer to make payments under the Notes in full. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely but that 
the impact of such risk could be low. 
There is no guarantee on the market value of the Permitted Investments or Other Legally Eligible Assets 
Any available funds in the issuer accounts (prior to their allocation and distribution) may be invested by the 
administrator of the Issuer pursuant to the terms of the Administrative Agreement (the "Administrator") in 
investments that comply with the SFH Legal Framework (as it may be amended from time to time) (the 
"Permitted Investments") or Other Legally Eligible Assets (as defined in section entitled "Main features of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"). The value of the Permitted 
Investments or Other Legally Eligible Assets may fluctuate depending on the financial markets and the Issuer may 
be exposed to a credit risk or an interest risk in relation to such investments. The market value of the Permitted 
Investments or Other Legally Eligible Assets may fluctuate and decrease which might in turn decrease the amount 
of available funds of the Issuer. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be significant. 
Prepayment and renegotiation of interest rates under the Home Loans may affect the yield of the Collateral 
Security Assets 
The rate of prepayment of Home Loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other factors, 
including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to amendments to Home 
Loan interest tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions, as well as changes in the debtor's 
behaviour (including but not limited to home-owner mobility). In addition, debtors under the Home Loans may 
renegotiate periodically the interest rate prevailing on their loan and such renegotiation may be accepted by the 
lender. 
While such occurrences may happen at any time and are difficult to quantify beforehand, the likeliness of such 
prepayments and renegotiations has been high due to the prevailing of low market interest rates.  
A high level of prepayment and renegotiation of interest rate will reduce the yield of the Collateral Security Assets 
and therefore, may affect the ability of the Issuer to have sufficient funds to make payments under the Notes after 
the occurrence of an Event of Default. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very likely but 
the impact of such risk could be moderate.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
2. 
Operational and structural risks related to the cover pool 
After an Event of Default, notification of the debtors of the Home Loan Receivables may take time 
The Collateral Security Agreement provides that the Home Loan Receivables are transferred in full title as security 
(remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) pursuant to the provisions of Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, without notification or information of the underlying debtors of the Home Loans. 
As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by any debtor under the relevant Home Loan 
Receivables will continue to be validly made by such debtors to the relevant Collateral Provider. 
Debtors of the Home Loan Receivables shall only be notified by the Issuer in case of occurrence of an Event of 
Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security. 
As a consequence, notification to the debtors under the relevant Home Loans may take time and even after such 
notification being made, there can be delay for the Issuer to obtain effective direct payment from such debtors. 
This may affect the timely payments under the Notes and may even result in a shortfall in distributions of interest 
or repayment of principal under the Notes. 
In order to mitigate such delays and shortfall, the Issuer will benefit from the period of extension under the Notes 
having a soft bullet maturity and from the collection loss reserve provided under the Cash Collateral Agreement 
if such cash collateral has been actually funded by the Cash Collateral Provider before the occurrence of the Event 
of Default (if any) (see section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group – The Cash Collateral Agreement").  
However, these mitigants may not suffice to cover in full these risks of delay and shortfall. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very likely but 
the impact of such risk could be low. 
The Collateral Security Assets value may not be sufficient and the Borrower Debt may not be repaid in a timely 
manner and in full 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Issuer would be entitled to accelerate the payment of the Borrower 
Debt and then immediately enforce the Collateral Security and the Cash Collateral (including upon and following 
the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Borrower (as defined in section entitled "Relationship 
between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the 
Group")). Failure by Crédit Agricole S.A. as Cash Collateral Provider to fund such Cash Collateral in accordance 
with the Cash Collateral Agreement and any Crédit Agricole Entity, as Collateral Provider, to transfer any 
additional eligible Home Loan Receivable in accordance with the Collateral Security Agreement in order to 
maintain the Collateral Security up to the relevant required amount to satisfy the Asset Cover Test and/or 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio (as defined in section entitled "Main features of the legislation and 
regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat") or the decrease of the market value of the Home 
Loan Receivables (due to ineligibility, losses or value decrease of property, home loan market illiquidity, etc.) 
may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Notes after the occurrence of 
an Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework is of at least one hundred and 
five per cent (105%). 
If after the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Collateral Security Assets and the Cash Collateral are not 
sufficient to cover the payment in full of the amounts due under the Notes until maturity, the Issuer will still have 
a claim against Crédit Agricole S.A. in respect of the remaining unpaid amounts of the Borrower Debt but this 
claim would only be an unsecured claim, i.e. shall be paid after secured and privileged creditors. There is therefore 
a risk that such remaining unsecured claim will not be paid in a timely manner and in full. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely but the 
impact of such risk could be significant. 
After an Event of Default, for Home Loans secured by a Mortgage, the Issuer may have difficulties to enforce the 
Mortgages and liquidate the properties in a satisfactory manner 
After the occurrence of an Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer will be exposed, 
in case of default of the debtor of a Home Loan, to the French legal procedures to be followed in relation to the 
enforcement of Mortgages and related expenses, and the ability of the Issuer to liquidate the properties under such 
Mortgages efficiently and to obtain payment of the enforcement proceeds in a timely manner may be adversely 
affected. 
Foreclosure is subject to strict enforcement rules under French law. Specific rules are provided for lender's 
privileges and mortgages registered in the French departments of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle. These 
specific rules do not substantially change the outline of the procedures set out below.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Foreclosure on property located in France by secured creditors may require the sale of the property at a public 
auction if the sale cannot be made voluntarily by the debtor (conversion en vente volontaire or à l'amiable). The 
foreclosure procedure may take up to one and a half (1.5) years in normal circumstances. 
Pursuant to Article R.321-1 et seq. of French Code des procédures d'exécution, the first step in the foreclosure 
procedure consists in delivering a foreclosure notice to the debtor by a bailiff or process server (commandement 
de saisie immobilière). This notice is filed at the French Land and Charges Registry (known since 1st January 2013 
as the fichier immobilier) having jurisdiction in the district where the real property is located. 
The next step is to instruct a local lawyer to prepare the terms of the sale of the property at auction, including the 
reserve price of the relevant real property (such instruction is not mandatory in the departments of Haut-Rhin, 
Bas-Rhin and Moselle). 
Finally, a number of legal notices must be given prior to the sale. The debtor may file objections against such 
foreclosure (including the reserve price), the validity of which will be decided by a competent court. If no bid is 
made at the public auction, and provided there is only one (1) foreclosing creditor, such foreclosing creditor is 
declared the highest bidder and is thus obliged to purchase the property at the reserve price specified in the terms 
of the sale. 
If no agreement is reached (for instance if the sale price of the property is substantially below the amount of the 
secured debt), the third party will still be entitled to offer to pay the sale price to the secured creditors in order to 
clear all privileges and mortgages granted over the relevant property (purge judiciaire, Article 2476 et seq. of the 
French Code civil). Secured creditors may refuse this offer if they believe that the sale price has been 
underestimated by the debtor and the third party. In this case, an auction will be ordered with a minimum bid 
corresponding to the price offered by the relevant third party to the secured creditor, plus ten per cent (10%). 
Furthermore, the Issuer's ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Mortgages efficiently and in a timely 
manner may be adversely affected by the initiation of an insolvency proceedings against the debtor of the relevant 
Home Loan being an over-indebtedness proceedings (procédure de surrendettement) if the debtor is a physical 
person, which would result in a stay of proceedings against the debtor, including foreclosure which therefore 
would result in further delay for the Issuer to obtain enforcement proceeds of the Mortgages in a timely manner. 
Such delays may accordingly affect the Issuer's ability to make payments under the Notes and in particular, affect 
the timely payments in favour of the Noteholders. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely but the 
impact of such risk could be low. 
Debtors may be entitled to invoke set-off against the Issuer under the Home Loans in certain limited occurrences 
Set-off under French law can operate by statute (compensation légale) or be agreed by contract (compensation 
contractuelle) or be ordered by court (compensation judiciaire).  
Statutory set-off operates as of right between two reciprocal debts (dettes réciproques) provided that such debts 
are, at the same time, fungible (fongibles), certain (certaines), liquid (liquides) as well as due and payable 
(exigibles). A contract or a court may expand statutory set-off possibilities where, with respect to two reciprocal 
and fungible debts, such debts are not at the same time certain, liquid and due and payable. In particular, set-off 
may not be refused by a court if requested between debts that are deemed mutual (dettes connexes) by contract or 
on an economic standpoint. 
No provision under the Home Loan agreements expressly allows a debtor to expand statutory set-off possibilities 
nor expressly provides for a mutuality (connexité) between claims owed by a debtor to a Collateral Provider under 
a Home Loan and claims that such debtor may as the case may be have against such Collateral Provider under 
other contracts, such as a bank account or a deposit contract, etc. but, at the same time, no provision under the 
Home Loan agreements expressly provides for a waiver of set-off. As a result, a debtor under a Home Loan is 
entitled to invoke either (i) a statutory or a judicial set-off, or (ii) a set-off based on a mutuality of claims 
(connexité) should such mutuality be provided for by another contract than the Home Loan agreement or the global 
economic relationship which would exist between a debtor under a Home Loan and a Collateral Provider. 
A set-off such as referred to in (i) or (ii) above may become a risk for the Issuer only after the occurrence of an 
Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security. 
However, after notification of the transfer, a debtor under a Home Loan would only still be entitled to invoke set-
off against the Issuer if prior to the notification of the transfer, the conditions for statutory set-off were satisfied 
or if set off is invoked between inter-related debts (dettes connexes). Inter-relation of claims will be determined 
on a case by case basis, depending on the factual circumstances then existing. The most likely circumstance where 
set-off for inter-related claims could be considered is when counterclaims resulting from a current account 
relationship allow a debtor to set-off such counterclaims against sums due under a Home Loan. In this situation 
however, French case law states that there is no inter-relation of claims, notwithstanding the fact that instalment

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
under the Home Loan was to be paid by way of direct debit from the funds standing to the credit of the relevant 
current account since the parties did not intend to interrelate their current account relationship and the lending 
transaction from an economic standpoint. 
As a result of the set-off of amounts due and payable by a debtor to the Borrower (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other 
members of the Group") with amounts the Borrower owes in respect of the Home Loans, the Home Loans will, 
partially or fully, be extinguished. Such extinction may affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations towards 
the Noteholders under the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
and the impact of such risk could be low. 
Home Loans bearing floating rates of interest may be affected by regulatory reforms relating to "benchmarks" 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as "benchmarks" in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (as amended, the "Benchmark 
Regulation") applies to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, including indices such as EURIBOR, which are 
used for the purposes of determining the interest rate under the Home Loans bearing floating rate of interests. The 
Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on such Home Loans in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of EURIBOR are changed or if EURIBOR are discontinued.  
Certain of such Home Loans may not contain any fallback provisions, in which case, a new agreement has to be 
reached with the debtor with the risk that no agreement may be reached or that the newly applicable floating rate 
of interest will be changed in ways that are uncertain.  
For those of such Home Loans which contain specific fallback provisions, these fallback provisions may apply 
and the interest rate provisions may be amended in the event the relevant "benchmark" materially changes or 
ceases to be provided. The fallback provisions may also not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently from the discontinued "benchmark".  
After an Event of Default, such mismatch or changes could have the effect of reducing or otherwise affecting the 
interest rate of the Home Loans bearing floating rates of interest and result in lower interest amounts available to 
cover payments due under the Notes by the Issuer.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely and the 
impact of such risk could be moderate. 
3. 
Risks related to the global economic environment 
Disruptions to global economic conditions and financial markets resulting from the conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine 
The Crédit Agricole Group's operating results and financial position may be affected by disruptions to global 
economic conditions and financial markets, resulting from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine.  
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine, as well as economic sanctions measures against Russia adopted in 
response by a number of countries (including France, the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United 
States), may continue to have widespread economic and financial repercussions. The conflict has exacerbated 
instability in global markets, with an impact on stock market indexes and commodity prices (particularly oil, gas 
and agricultural products such as wheat), worsening supply chain disruptions, increased production costs, and 
additional inflationary pressures beyond those already observed following the Covid pandemic. These difficult 
conditions in the global economy and financial markets could have significant negative impacts on the Crédit 
Agricole Group (including the Borrower (as defined in section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole 
Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group")) and its customers. 
These conditions may continue or worsen as the conflict evolves. Thus, cost of risk could be affected by changes 
in the geopolitical, financial and global macroeconomic situation, as well as by the deterioration in the repayment 
capacities of companies (decline in activity, insufficient capacity to pass on cost increases) and consumers 
(affected by consumer price increases), by the downgrading of the ratings of counterparties whose outstandings 
are downgraded from Stage 1 to Stage 2, and the sensitivity of certain sectors, particularly those: 
(i) 
where the activity of significant players, due to their location or nationality, is directly impacted by the 
conflict (energy, agriculture, aeronautics, raw materials and energy trading);  
(ii) 
exposed to shortages or significant increases in the cost of energy and raw materials used in their production 
process (food processing, heavy industry, automotive, construction and public works); 
(iii) 
where the level of demand would remain below normal for a long time due to increases in sales prices or 
loss of access to significant markets.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Against this backdrop, the Commission revised its growth outlook downwards in July 2022 for the year 2022, to 
2.6% for the Eurozone and 2.4% for France (versus 2.7% and 3.1% predicted in May 2022), in line with its outlook 
for global growth outside the European Union which was revised downwards from 3.3% in May 2022 to 3.0% in 
July 2022. It stressed that the European economy is setting on a path of lower growth and higher inflation, due 
notably to the consequences for the global economy of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
Impacted operations, results and financial condition of Crédit Agricole S.A. could in turn adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes. In addition, should 
geopolitical tensions escalate, the credit quality of the debtors under the Collateral Security Assets could 
deteriorate and/or more debtors could be in default leading to the related Assets to be pulled out of the Collateral 
Security Assets. A challenging economic environment may also affect the production of new home loans and the 
residential property values.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely and that 
the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
The Covid-19 pandemic may negatively affect the business, operations and financial performance of the Borrower 
Uncertainty remains regarding changes in the public health situation in Europe, due to the challenge of continuing 
to increase vaccine uptake and booster shots among the population, coupled with the development of more 
infectious variants. The possibility that further restrictive measures could be imposed in some European countries 
(maximum capacities, curfews, closure of borders, further lockdowns, etc.), which could curb economic activity 
and negatively impact consumer confidence, cannot be ruled out. Furthermore, there are still major uncertainties 
surrounding the actual damage caused by the crisis on the productive capacity (corporate insolvencies) and the 
labour market (unemployment), which are currently limited by budgetary and monetary economic support 
measures. How governments (particularly the French and Italian governments) and the central banks (particularly 
the European Central Bank) manage and set targets for withdrawing these measures will be crucial. 
Furthermore, the development of the epidemic and vaccination programmes vary greatly throughout the world, 
particularly in some emerging countries that are struggling to control the virus, resulting in restrictive government 
measures being maintained, which continue to disrupt global trade and supply chains as well as international 
travel. This could weaken some countries and weigh more heavily on certain sectors (tourism and air transport), 
thereby curbing global economic activity.  
The pandemic and its impact on the global economy and financial markets have had a material adverse impact 
and may have an impact on the results of operations and financial position of the Borrower (as defined in section 
entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other 
members of the Group"). The cost of risk of Crédit Agricole S.A. may continue to be affected in 2023 by changes 
in the global health and macroeconomic situation, as well as by the deterioration in the repayment capacity of 
corporates (weak companies, fraud revealed by the crisis) and consumers, the downgrading of ratings of 
counterparties for which receivables were transferred from Stage 1 to Stage 2, and the sensitivity of certain sectors, 
in particular (i) those affected by restrictions on mobility or gatherings that may be implemented in the event of a 
new wave of the epidemic, concerning air transport, cruises, restaurants, international tourism and events planning, 
(ii) those affected by a slowdown in or even disruptions to global supply chains (automotive) and (iii) those which 
continue to be weakened by structural changes in consumer habits caused by the health crisis, for example in non-
food retail sectors. Moreover, the commercial property sector is also closely monitored, as the health crisis has 
accelerated pre-existing conditions in some segments, such as shopping centres being undermined by online 
shopping and the office building segment facing structural change if teleworking trends continue. At 31 December 
2022, Crédit Agricole S.A.'s exposure to the sectors considered most sensitive to these risks was as follows: (i) 
aeronautics, aerospace with commercial lending of €13.7 billion, (ii) tourism, hotels, restaurants with commercial 
lending of €6.9 billion, (iii) automotive with commercial lending of €22.7 billion and (iv) shipping with 
commercial lending of €10.6 billion. There is still great uncertainty regarding the unemployment rate, the use of 
accumulated savings, the health scenario and the timetable of the deployment and then withdrawal of government 
measures, and, more generally, about the consequences of the economic growth trend on retained earnings, risk-
weighted assets and regulatory decisions. 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes may be affected by 
the results of operations and financial position of Crédit Agricole S.A. which may not be in the position to perform 
its duties as Borrower (see also risk factor entitled "The Issuer is exposed to performance risk on third party 
service providers"). 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES AND THE MARKET 
A. 
Risks related to the Notes 
1. 
French insolvency laws 
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Ordonnance No. 2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, which transposes Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, in the context of the opening in France of a safeguard 
(procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial 
reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with respect to the Issuer, the affected parties 
(parties affectées) (i.e. creditors, including the Noteholders) are grouped into distinct classes in order to adopt a 
restructuring plan. The administrator (administrateur judiciaire) splits, on the basis of verifiable objective criteria, 
the affected parties between classes comprising claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality 
of interest, following certain conditions. As a minimum, the secured and unsecured receivables must be treated in 
distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions. 
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), the Issuer is also subject to the provisions 
of Article L.613-24 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which include, inter alia, specific rules 
concerning the opening of insolvency proceedings against credit institutions (établissements de crédit) or 
financing companies (sociétés de financement), a specific involvement of the French Resolution and Prudential 
Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) in the event of bankruptcy of a credit 
institution or financing company, an overriding concept of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) and 
other specific rules of liquidation. 
However, the Issuer, as société de de financement de l'habitat, benefits from a regime which derogates in many 
ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings, including: 
(i) 
in accordance with Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of Article 
L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code, allowing an administrative receiver to render certain transactions 
entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void, are not applicable to contracts 
executed by sociétés de financement de l'habitat, or to legal transactions in favour of sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat, provided that those contracts or transactions are, without fraud, made in 
accordance with their exclusive legal purpose (as defined by Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code); 
(ii) 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the société de financement de l'habitat parent company to the société de 
financement de l'habitat; 
(iii) 
in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of the opening of 
any safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) against 
the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer (such 
as the Administrator), the recovery, management and servicing contract pursuant to which the Issuer has 
delegated to such credit institution the management or recovery of its assets may be immediately terminated 
by the Issuer notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary; and 
(iv) 
pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal 
provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions of Book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial 
Code relating to the difficulties of companies (difficultés des entreprises): 
(a) 
the amounts resulting from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits 
(dépôts) referred to in Articles L.513-3, L.513-7 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, including any mortgage, charge, lien, or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and 
the amounts resulting from the forward financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in 
Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in each case, after any applicable set-
off), together with the receivables in respect of deposits made by a société de financement de 
l'habitat with credit institutions (établissements de crédit), are allocated by way of priority to the 
payment of any sums due in relation to the obligations de financement de l'habitat, to other

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, as mentioned in Article L.513-30-I of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; 
(b) 
when a société de financement de l'habitat (such as the Issuer) is subject to safeguard proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de redressement 
judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, the amounts regularly originated from the resources benefiting from the 
Privilège are paid to their respective creditors, on their respective contractual due date and by way 
of priority to all other receivables, whether or not preferred or secured, including interests resulting 
from agreements whatever their duration is; 
(c) 
no creditor of a société de financement de l'habitat (such as the Issuer) may avail itself of any right 
over the assets and rights of such société de financement de l'habitat, either in principal or interest, 
until all creditors of such société de financement de l'habitat who benefit from the Privilège defined 
in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code have been fully paid off; and 
(d) 
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation 
judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-
49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against a société de financement de l'habitat such as 
the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of Notes and other debts benefiting from the 
Privilège. In addition, the same proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, 
suspension or termination of forward financial instruments entered into by the Issuer. 
In the case of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of the Noteholders to enforce their rights 
under the Notes may be limited. In addition, the market value of the Notes may be significantly adversely affected. 
As a result, investors could lose a substantial part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
2. 
Witholding taxes – No gross-up obligations 
Pursuant to Conditions 6(f) (No redemption for Taxation Reasons) and 8(b) (No Additional Amounts), if French 
law should require that any payments in respect of any Notes be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of 
any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding 
or deduction. 
In addition, such Notes may not be redeemed early. 
Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the Noteholders. Such risk could significantly adversely affect 
the yield of the Notes and could result in the Noteholders losing all or a substantial part of all their investments in 
the Notes. 
3. 
Risks related to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 establishing an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
implemented in France (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or the "BRRD"), and Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated July 2014, as amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the "SRM 
Regulation"), provide for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be 
needed to provide the authority designated by each member state of the European Union (the "Resolution 
Authority") with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system (including taxpayers' 
exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation a centralised power of resolution is established and entrusted to 
the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to the national resolution authorities. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-down or 
conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible 
liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Notes if junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb 
all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution proceedings in accordance with a set order of 
priority. They also include write-down or conversion powers independently of resolution proceedings. 
The BRRD also provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement other resolution measures 
with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale 
of the institution's business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or 
substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary 
suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With respect to the obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged notes, the BRRD provides that 
the Resolution Authority shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities 
including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form 
an integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered 
bonds, whether they are governed by the law of a member state of the European Union or of a third country. 
Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the write-down or conversion powers would still include the 
claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the Notes 
liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In such case and to such extent, 
the write-down or conversion requirements could result in the full (i.e. to zero) or partial write-down or conversion 
into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or the variation of the terms of Notes (for 
example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be 
ordered). 
The application of any resolution measure and the use of any write-down or conversion powers, or any suggestion 
of such application or use with respect to the Borrower (as defined in section entitled "Relationship between Crédit 
Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group") and its group, 
may have a significant adverse effect on the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As a result, investors could lose all 
or a substantial part of all their investments in the Notes. 
It also results from the provisions of Article L.613-50-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code that the sole 
existence of a resolution measure taken over the Borrower, a prevention or crisis management measure or a 
suspension of payment set forth in Article L.613-56-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code cannot trigger 
the termination of the Facility and the enforcement of the Collateral Security as long as its material obligations 
under the Facility Agreement continue to be performed by the Borrower. Moreover, save for the protection of the 
availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French fonds de garantie des dépôts et des résolution as 
provided by Article L.613-57-1-V of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pursuant to Article L.613-57-1-
III of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the secured liabilities cannot be transferred to another entity 
separately from the related collateral arrangements. The exercise of any power under the BRRD II as implemented 
under French Law or any suggestion of such exercise would have a limited impact on the rights of the holders of 
Notes as well as on the price value of their investment in any Notes. 
However, it is to be noted that, pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, sociétés de financement de l'habitat (such as the Issuer) shall, at all times, maintain a legal ratio of at least 
one hundred and five per cent (105%) between its Home Loan Receivables that comply, or whose underlying 
Home Loans comply, with the legal and regulatory requirements and the Collateral Security Agreement (the 
"Eligible Assets") (including claims for payment owed in relation to forward financial instruments benefiting 
from the Privilège) and the total amount of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. Crédit Agricole S.A. and 
the Issuer have entered into agreements in order to ensure, by transferring to the Issuer additional Eligible Assets 
or otherwise, that the Issuer will, at all times, maintain a contractual cover ratio (the "Asset Cover Ratio") between 
its Eligible Assets (including claims for payment owed in relation to forward financial instruments benefiting from 
the Privilège) and its Notes equal to or greater than one hundred and five per cent (105%). 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and 
that the impact of such risk could be low. 
B. 
Risks related to the market 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the rating of the Notes and a 
number of additional factors, including but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date. The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, 
financial and political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock 
exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, it may 
not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of 
Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Although applications have been made for the Notes

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, such application may not be accepted, that any 
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
In addition, the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date of this Base 
Prospectus) cause a general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of 
liquidity may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the credit 
strength of the Issuer or the performance of the Collateral Security Assets. 
Furthermore, the secondary market for securities is currently experiencing significantly reduced liquidity, which may 
limit investors' ability to resell Notes and have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
As a result, investors could lose a substantial part or all of their investments in the Notes. 
III. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which present 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such features: 
A. 
Risks related to the interest rate payable in respect of the Notes 
1. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest to 
Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate (a "Fixed Rate") involves the risk that 
inflation or subsequent changes in market interest rates may materially and adversely affect the value, the liquidity 
and the yield of the relevant Fixed Rate Notes.  
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given 
period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the 
Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the Note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate 
increases, the price of the Note typically decreases, until the yield of the Note equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the 
yield of the notes equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead for Noteholders 
to lose a substantial part or all of their investment in the Notes if they sell such Notes during the period in which 
the Market Interest Rate exceeds the Fixed Rate of the Notes. 
2. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of interest 
to Noteholders.  
A key difference between Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes 
cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having fixed interest periods.  
If the Terms and Conditions of Floating Rate Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income 
paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing, which may have a moderate negative impact 
on the yield of investors. 
3. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) (Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes) 
allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed/floating rate, fixed/fixed rate and floating/floating rate of interest 
to Noteholders. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer 
may elect to, convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a different fixed rate or from a floating rate to a different floating rate. Any conversion (whether 
automatic or optional) may have a moderate to significant adverse effect on the secondary market and the market 
value of such Notes since it may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a Fixed Rate is converted to a 
Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a Floating Rate is converted to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. As a result, investors could lose a substantial part of all their

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
investments in the Notes (please also refer to risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating Rate Notes"). 
4. 
Zero Coupon Notes  
In accordance with Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. Changes in 
market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices 
of other Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, 
the holders of Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than the holders of other Notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. 
Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of Zero Coupon Notes. As a result, 
investors could lose a substantial part or all of their investment in the Notes. 
5. 
Reform and regulation of Benchmarks 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and if so specified in the relevant Final Terms for a 
Series of Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to 
reference rates which are deemed to be Benchmarks (such as EURIBOR).  
Such Benchmarks have been the subject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear entirely, to be subject to 
revised calculation methods, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Note to or referencing any such Benchmarks. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the "Benchmark Regulation") was published in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 with the majority 
of its provisions applying from 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation (i) requires administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or 
endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of Benchmarks (or, if non-
EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 provides for equivalent sets of rules. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes traded on a trading venue or 
via a "systematic internaliser" linked to a Benchmark index. Notably, the methodology or other terms of the 
Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the Benchmark. It could potentially lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or 
redeemed early or otherwise impacted depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the 
Notes or have other material and adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or regulatory reforms, or any enhanced regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect on certain Benchmarks 
(such as EURIBOR) of (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
relevant Benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or the methodologies used in the relevant Benchmark or 
(iii) leading to the disappearance of the relevant Benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a significant adverse effect on the market 
value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Floating Rate Notes (it being specified that in case of discontinuation of the Relevant Rate or 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, a specific fallback shall apply - for further description, see risk 
factor entitled "The discontinuance of the Relevant Rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Floating Rate Notes linked to or 
referencing such Benchmarks" below). However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed 
unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained below. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain Benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
for said Benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to 
contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback 
provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the Benchmark concerned. For instance, 
if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the Condition 5(c)(iii) (Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a Benchmark is replaced by a Benchmark which no longer reflects or 
which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the Benchmark in cessation 
is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such Benchmark may be designated. This replacement could 
have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme 
linked to or referencing such Benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform 
differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable Benchmark. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country Benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. There are therefore 
still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. Such developments 
may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation 
of delegated regulations. 
6. 
The discontinuance of the Relevant Rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing 
such Benchmarks  
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of any Floating Rate Notes is to be determined and 
the relevant rate has been discontinued or an Administrator/Benchmark Event (applicable only in case of Screen 
Rate Determination as further described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes)) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be changed in ways that may 
be adverse to holders of such Floating Rate Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any applicable Floating Rate Notes, fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes)), 
and may include concomitant changes to the Terms and Conditions of the relevant affected Floating Rate Notes 
necessary to make the Replacement Relevant Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes)) as comparable as possible to the Original Reference Rate, all as 
determined by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent. Such Replacement Relevant Rate and any such other 
changes will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and any other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the 
Replacement Relevant Rate and such related changes and adjustments which will thenceforth apply to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Given the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates, the involvement of a 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent and potential for further regulatory developments, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the Replacement Relevant Rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued Benchmark. In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021, they may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority.  
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Relevant Rate for 
any Relevant Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 5(a) 
(Definitions)), then the provisions for the determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes 
will not be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (i.e. which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a 
rising interest rate environment, the Noteholders will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The 
trading value of such Notes could therefore be adversely affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholders, 
any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
B. 
Risks related to the redemption of the Notes 
1. 
Notes with soft bullet maturity may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption) allows for the issuance of Notes with soft bullet maturity. Within the conditions 
of Article L.513-30 and Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Final Maturity Date of 
such Notes may be extended upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event at the latest to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date. In that case, the payment of the Final Redemption Amount may be automatically 
deferred and shall become due and payable at the latest on the Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final Maturity Date 
may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period 
at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended 
Final Maturity Date, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
The extension of the maturity of the Notes from the Final Maturity Date to, at the latest, the Extended Maturity 
Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and 
will result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Notes. As a result, investors may not be repaid in 
full at the Final Maturity Date but at the Extended Final Maturity Date and the liquidity and market value of the 
Notes between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date might be significantly adversely 
affected. 
In addition, the situation of the Issuer may change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final 
Maturity Date and the provisions relating to interest payable after the Final Maturity Date of any Soft Bullet Notes 
may differ from that those relating to interest payable before such Final Maturity Date. 
2. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's option and partial redemption) allows 
for the issuance of Notes that are subject to an optional redemption by the Issuer. Such an optional redemption 
feature is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the 
market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. In addition, the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be 
lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholders.  
As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate, which may have a moderate negative impact on the yield of investors. 
In addition, the exercise of a redemption option by the Issuer only for certain Notes may affect the liquidity for 
the other Notes of the same Series for which the option has not been exercised. On the basis of the number of 
Notes of the same Series for which the redemption option provided in the relevant Final Terms was exercised, the 
secondary market for the Notes in respect of which such redemption right was not exercised could become illiquid, 
which may limit investors' ability to resell their Notes and have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. 
3. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may be 
issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount.  
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. If market 
interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher price losses than other conventional interest-bearing Notes 
having the same maturity and credit rating.  
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate less in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. If market 
interest rates decrease, such Notes' market price may increase less than other conventional interest-bearing Notes 
having the same maturity and credit rating. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium could be 
exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk happening is 
unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low. 
4. 
Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility 
As contemplated by Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility), the Issuer may redeem the Notes 
by anticipation in the case of illegality or upon the occurrence of an ECB Ineligibility Event.  
Such early redemption features may adversely affect the Noteholders. Therefore, an investor may be exposed to 
risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from the early redemption of any Note. As a consequence, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely 
and the impact of such risk could be low. 
C. 
Risks related to the rating of the Notes 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's. 
The ratings assigned to the Notes by Moody's are based on the Privilège, the Collateral Security, the Home Loans and 
Home Loan Security, the Cash Collateral, the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat and 
the other relevant structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the Programme Documents (as defined 
in section entitled "General description of the Programme"), including, among other things, the short-term and/or long-
term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt ratings or the short-term and/or long-term senior unsecured issuer 
credit ratings of the parties to the Programme Documents, and reflect only the views of Moody's. 
Any decline of the credit rating of any outstanding Notes may adversely affect the value of such outstanding Notes and/or 
their liquidity in the secondary market, increase the Issuer's cost of borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to 
issue new Notes. 
Credit rating agencies other than Moody's could seek to rate the Notes and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than the 
comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by Moody's, those unsolicited ratings could have a significant adverse effect on 
the liquidity, the market, the value and/or the marketability of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt and unless the 
context otherwise requires, any references to "ratings" or "rating" in this Base Prospectus are to ratings assigned by 
Moody's only. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by Moody's at 
any time without notice. In addition, Moody's may change its methodology for rating securities similar to the Notes. If 
Moody's changes its practices for rating such securities and the ratings of the Notes are subsequently lowered, the trading 
price of the Notes may be negatively affected. 
In light of the above, it is the Issuer's assessment that the likelihood of such risk happening is very unlikely and that the 
impact of such risk could be significant.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 20 July 2024, a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") 
which may affect the assessment of the Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall prepare and make available a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus (each, a "Supplement") as required by the provisions of Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") or a restated Base Prospectus. 
Where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or 
subscribe Notes before the publication of the supplement to the Base Prospectus benefit from a withdrawal right within a time 
limit of two (2) working days after the publication of such supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that the new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
arose or was noted before the final closing of the offer or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be 
extended by the Issuer. The date on which the withdrawal period ends will be stated in the relevant supplement to the Base 
Prospectus. On 20 July 2024, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be published on the websites of (i) the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and (ii) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used to fund:  
(a) the Borrower Debt (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") that the Issuer (as lender) will 
make available to Crédit Agricole S.A. (as borrower) under the Facility Agreement (as defined in section entitled 
"Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of 
the Group"), in accordance with Article L.513-29-I-1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and/or 
(b) the purchase by the Issuer of Eligible Assets (as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") other than the Borrower Debt 
provided that such assets are eligible to the Issuer pursuant to the SFH Legal Framework (as defined in section entitled 
"Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat").

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final 
Terms (as defined below, and together with the terms and conditions below, the "Terms and Conditions"), shall be applicable 
to the Notes (as defined below). 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms.  
In this section, "Notes" refers only to Notes of one (1) Series and not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The obligations de financement de l'habitat (the "Notes") will be issued by Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH (the 
"Issuer") under the terms and conditions of the Notes, as completed by the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") of such 
Tranche (as defined in Condition 1), as determined by the Issuer and the relevant dealer(s) appointed from time to time in respect 
of one (1) or more Tranches (each a "Dealer") at the time of the issue. 
The Notes will be issued with the benefit of an agency agreement dated the date hereof, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time (the "Agency Agreement") entered into between the Issuer and Uptevia as fiscal agent, principal paying agent and 
calculation agent. The fiscal agent, the paying agent and the calculation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agent" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation 
Agent(s)". 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Method of Issue 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are obligations de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of Article L.513-30 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial Code"). 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) will be delivered in respect of the 
Notes. 
Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form 
(nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in 
the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Fixed Rate 
Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Notes", "Zero Coupon Notes" or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on 
the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the base prospectus dated 20 July 2023 which received approval 
no. 23-326 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 20 July 2023, as supplemented by any supplement 
thereto (the "Base Prospectus") as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination"). 
Notes shall be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass 
upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the 
Account Holders.  
(ii) 
Title to Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Notes shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
(d) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") 
having one (1) or more issue dates. The Notes of each Series will be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each, a "Tranche") on the same or different issue date(s) and on terms 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche (as the case may be). 
2. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in registered form (au nominatif), 
whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(b) 
Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(c) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the holder of such Notes, be 
converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of 
any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Notes" means the individual 
or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the 
case may be) as being entitled to such Notes. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 (Privilège), 
privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and 
equally and rateably with all other present or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources 
raised by the Issuer benefiting from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by Article L.513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code and described in Condition 4 (Privilège). 
4. 
Privilège 
(a) 
The principal and interest of the Notes benefit from the statutory priority right of payment (privilège) created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Privilège"). 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Book VI (Livre VI) of the French 
Code de commerce (the "French Commercial Code") relating to the difficulties of companies (difficultés des 
entreprises)), pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code: 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and 
deposits (dépôts) referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, including any mortgage, charge, lien, or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, all 
amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of forward financial instruments used for hedging as referred to in 
Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in each case after any applicable set-off), 
together with the receivables in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit), are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of the Notes, 
together with any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; it should be noted 
that not only Notes benefit from the Privilège; other resources (such as loans) and forward financial 
instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) for hedging Notes, such other resources and Eligible Assets (as 
defined in section entitled "Risk factors") of the Issuer, as well as the sums, if any, due under the contract 
provided for in Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code may also benefit from the 
Privilège; 
(ii) 
in the event of safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings 
(procédure de redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation 
judiciaire) or resolution proceedings (procédure de résolution) (opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code) opened against the Issuer, all amounts due regularly under the 
Notes, together with any other resources benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their contractual due 
date, and by way of priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration; 
(iii) 
until all Noteholders and, together with other creditors benefiting from the Privilège, have been fully paid, 
no other creditor of the Issuer may avail itself of any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer either in 
principal or interest; and

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
(iv) 
the safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or 
resolution proceedings (opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) 
opened against the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of the Notes. In addition, the same 
proceedings will not result by themselves in the alteration, set-off, suspension or termination of forward 
financial instruments entered into by the Issuer. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out 
below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., as may be supplemented, amended or superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented, amended or superseded from time to 
time, in their updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be either the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") or any other reference rate. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system ("T2") 
is operating (a "TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
if one (1) or more additional business centre(s) are specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business 
Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in Euro. 
"Business Day Convention" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the Following Business Day 
Convention, the Modified Following Business Day Convention or the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Notes for any period of time 
(from and including the first (1st) day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number 
of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, "Actual/365-FBF" shall mean the sum of (A) the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is three hundred and sixty-five (365) 
and (B) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the leap year and whose 
denominator is three hundred and sixty-six (366); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act" or "Act/Act-ISDA" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-six (366) and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by three 
hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the actual 
number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is three hundred and sixty-five (365) (or three 
hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a 
duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows:  
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation Period;  
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in the first 
paragraph of this definition; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the number 
of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which it begins 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but excluding 
the next Determination Date; and  
"Determination Date" means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, any Interest 
Payment Date; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360); 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first (1st) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)] + (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first (1st) calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first (1st) day of the Interest Accrual Period 
to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted or adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments as supplemented by the technical schedules (additifs techniques) published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded from time to time, in their updated version 
applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Following Business Day Convention" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day 
Convention). 
"Group" or "Crédit Agricole Group" means Crédit Agricole S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the 
Regional Bank of Corsica – Caisse régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel de la Corse), the regional banks (within the 
meaning of Article L.512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code), the Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole 
and their respective subsidiaries. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first (1st) Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or such other date as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the day falling two (2) TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the first (1st) Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
"Margin" means, for an Interest Accrual Period with respect to any Floating Rate Note, the percentage or base points for 
the applicable Interest Accrual Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, it being specified that such margin may 
have a positive value, a negative value or equal zero. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" means, as the case may be, the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means, as the case may be, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" means, as the case may be, the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means, as the case may be, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business 
Day Convention). 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed 
in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable 
after such date) have been duly paid as provided in Condition 7 (Payments), (c) those which have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed and (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in 
these Conditions. 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service (including, but not 
limited to, Reuters) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, that displays the Relevant Rate(s), any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part thereto or such other page, section, caption, column or other part 
as may replace it on that financial information service, or on such other equivalent financial information service, in each

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
case, as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying equivalent or comparable rates to the Relevant Rate(s). 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day 
Convention). 
"Primary Source" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the primary source specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is either specified 
or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (4) major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money or swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, 
shall be the Euro Zone). 
"Relevant Rate Determination Agent" means: 
(i) 
an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent financial adviser of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise or a broker-dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency; 
or  
(ii) 
if no such independent financial institution or independent financial adviser can be appointed, any entity within 
the Crédit Agricole Group (other than the Issuer),  
in each case as appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)b (Benchmark discontinuation) at its own expense 
and, at all times, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent expert in the 
performance of its duties. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first became due or (if any 
amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Benchmark to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected 
(which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro Zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period (if applicable 
or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which 
it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market 
in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro Zone as a 
Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Replacement Relevant Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)b (Benchmark 
discontinuation). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, Euro. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate 
Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, a period of time equal to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day Convention). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken Amount") is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown 
in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months 
or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first (1st) Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is (A) the "Following Business Day 
Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (B) the "Modified Following 
Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day, or (C) the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms 
specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the 
provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
(A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the FBF Definitions and under which:  
a. 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
b. 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first 
(1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Calculation Agent" 
(Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) and 
"Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that 
EURIBOR means the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as 
more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate (Taux Variable)" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
a. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
a., "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph a., "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity, "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given 
to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
b. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined and 2021 ISDA Definitions is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 
b., "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the absence 
thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
(5) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(6) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the last date 
of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(7) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the absence 
thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective 
Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, 
respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as 
defined in these Terms and Conditions); and 
(8) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
and Compounding is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms: 
(I) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (3) above, the relevant Reset Date is the last day of 
the last occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms; 
(II) 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, 
the applicable number of days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no 
number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
(III) 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms; 
(IV) 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, the Lookback is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if 
no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
"Lookback" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
(V) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day is as specified in 
the Final Terms, and the Observation Period Shift is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the number 
specified as the "Observation Period Shift" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
(VI) 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if so, Lockout Period Business Day is as specified in the Final Terms and the 
Lockout is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified 
as such in the Final Terms, the number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph b., "Calculation Agent", "Compounding with Lockout", 
"Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period Shift", "Delayed 
Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", 
"Lockout Period Business Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "OIS 
Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in 
Advance" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall apply 
to an ISDA Rate where 2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. For such purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be deemed to be references to the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
a. 
General provisions 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall, 
subject as provided below or to Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)b (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the following: 
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite quotation 
or is customarily supplied by one (1) entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates appear 
on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms); 
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (1)(I) 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (1)(II) applies and fewer than two (2) Relevant Rates 
appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, subject as 
provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that 
each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any, as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms), and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two (2) 
Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the 
Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least 
two (2) out of five (5) leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the Euro-Zone (the 
"Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on 
which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (x) to leading banks carrying 
on business in Europe, or (y) (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two (2) of 
such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) to leading banks carrying on business 
in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two (2) of such banks are so 
quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment 
for any difference between any Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period). 
In the relevant Final Terms, if the paragraph "Benchmark" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available of next shorter length before the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period. 
b. 
Benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate at any time, when the Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallback 
provisions set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)a (General provisions). 
If at any time prior to or on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that 
the Relevant Rate has been discontinued or that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred: 
i. 
the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next following 
Interest Determination Date (up until which time Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)a (General provisions) 
above will continue to apply)), appoint a Relevant Rate Determination Agent that shall 
determine, whether, for the purposes of determining the Relevant Rate on each following 
Interest Determination Date, a Successor Rate or failing which, an Alternative Rate is 
available. If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry-
accepted Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will 
use such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Relevant Rate (such rate, the 
"Replacement Relevant Rate"). 
ii. 
if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Relevant Rate in 
accordance with the foregoing, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will also determine 
concomitant changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business 
Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, the Adjustment Spread, and 
any method for obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate, and such other changes or 
adjustments necessary to make such Replacement Relevant Rate as comparable as possible 
to the Relevant Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement Relevant Rate and such guidance promulgated by 
associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international financial and/or debt capital markets as the Relevant Rate Determination Agent 
may consider relevant for such Replacement Relevant Rate; 
iii. 
references to the "Relevant Rate" in these Conditions will thenceforth be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Relevant Rate, including any concomitant changes and 
adjustments determined in accordance with sub-paragraph ii above. The determination of the 
Replacement Relevant Rate and such concomitant changes and adjustments by the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and any other person and

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate and such 
related changes and adjustments pursuant to this paragraph b; and 
iv. 
as soon as reasonably practicable, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Relevant Rate, as 
well as the concomitant changes and adjustments determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph ii above. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate has been 
discontinued and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and for any reason a 
Replacement Relevant Rate has not been or cannot be determined on or prior to the next following 
Interest Determination Date, then no Replacement Relevant Rate will be adopted, and in such case, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination 
Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period). 
Where: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
if no recommendation required under the sub-paragraph (i) above has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and which 
is recognised or acknowledged as being a customary market usage in the international debt 
capital market for transactions or, if not, the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in the determination of the Issuer, with respect to an 
Original Reference Rate:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or will, on or before a specified date, cease to 
provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Original Reference Rate); 
and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the Original 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Original Reference Rate, 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to the Original Reference Rate); and/or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means (a) the Original Reference Rate is no longer or will no 
longer be representative of the underlying market and such representativeness will not be

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
restored or (b) its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences (generally or 
with respect to securities such as the Notes); and/or 
(iv) 
it has become or will become prohibited or unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation, if 
applicable); and/or 
(v) 
a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted, 
provided that, in case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii), the Administrator/Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Benchmark, in the case of sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) 
and (v), the Administrator/Benchmark Event shall occur, respectively, on the date of such non-
representativeness, prohibition, restrictions or adverse consequences of use of the Benchmark or, 
the date of withdrawal of the authorisation or registration of the relevant administrator, and not, for 
the avoidance of doubt, the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)b (Benchmark 
discontinuation) and which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for 
the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Floating Rate Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar institution (as 
applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar 
institution (as applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) a group of the aforementioned institutions or (c) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally 
recommended 
by 
any 
Relevant 
Nominating 
Body. 
If, 
following 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent shall determine, among 
those successor or replacement rates, that one which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
(d) 
Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of 
interest basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each Fixed/Floating Rate Note, Fixed/Fixed Rate Note and Floating/Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the switch date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch Date"):  
- 
from a Fixed Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a Floating Rate (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) or from a Floating Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a Fixed Rate (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) with respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes;  
- 
from a Fixed Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a different Fixed Rate (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) with respect to Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes; or 
- 
from a Floating Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a different Floating Rate (as specified

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
in the relevant Final Terms) with respect to Floating/Floating Rate Notes, 
it being specified that the Issuer election to Change of Interest Basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") 
should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices) within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
automatically changes from a Fixed Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a Floating Rate (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) or from a Floating Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a Fixed Rate 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms), from a Fixed Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to a 
different Fixed Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or from a Floating Rate (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) to a different Floating Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Switch Date (the 
"Automatic Change of Interest Basis"), 
provided that, in any of the cases (i) or (ii) above, if the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment Date, the 
Change of Interest Basis will apply either from (i) the Interest Period including the Switch Date or (ii) the Interest Period 
following the Switch Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Final Maturity Date (or 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be the early redemption amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Early Redemption Amount"). As from the Final Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be 
a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(e)(i)(A) (Zero 
Coupon Notes)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, on such due date, payment is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Redemption Amount, Minimum 
Redemption Amount and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) generally, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, or (y) in relation to one (1) or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute 
value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then any Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (w) if FBF 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) 
otherwise, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth 
decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven (7) decimals (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up). For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of 
the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest 
Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for 
such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(i) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation 
Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated 
Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii) (Business Day Convention), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
Where: 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, and appearing on the list of 
regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required) 
with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one (1) or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the 
relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) 
is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with 
an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one (1) Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office, or any other office actively involved in such market) 
to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that 
Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options), each Note shall be finally redeemed on the final maturity date (the "Final Maturity Date") (or the Extended 
Final Maturity Date (as defined below), as the case may be) specified in the relevant Final Terms at its final redemption 
amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") (which, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, is 100% of 
its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) (Redemption by Instalments) below, its final 
Instalment Amount. 
Notes may have hard bullet maturities (not allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended) or soft 
bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended), as specified in the Final Terms 
of the relevant Series. With respect to Series of Notes having a soft bullet maturity, an extended Final Maturity Date (the 
"Extended Final Maturity Date") shall be specified as applying in relation to such Series in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
For the purposes of this Conditions 6(a) (Final Redemption) and in accordance with Articles L.513-30 and R.513-8-1 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, an extension of maturity may only occur in one of the following cases (or all 
of them) (each, a "Maturity Extension Trigger Event"): 
(i) 
in the event of non-payment of the principal on the maturity date initially set by (x) the Issuer, (y) a credit institution 
benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of 
receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature, or (z) a credit institution issuing 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 
to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and/or 
(ii) 
(x) the Issuer, (y) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, 
the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-
35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature or 
(z) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, being the subject of 
safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation proceedings (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de liquidation judiciaire) or resolution 
proceedings (procédure de résolution) opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, 
it being specified that any Maturity Extension Trigger Event shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If, following the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event, the Final Redemption Amount of any Series of Notes 
having a soft bullet maturity is not paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date, then the payment of the unpaid amount 
shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date and no later than 
twelve (12) months following the Final Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid 
amount during such extended period at the relevant Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount 
of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference 
to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on the due date for such 
payment, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's option and partial redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem or exercise any other option in relation to all or, if so provided, some, of 
the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or Option Exercise Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must 
relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall be exercised, on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Any partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by 
reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or 
(ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Notes that will be 
fully redeemed and those Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-
16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with 
any other applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF (the "RGAMF") and on 
the website of any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' option 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the 
Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all Notes in respect of which the Noteholder's 
option has been exercised on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on any Option Exercise Date specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the 
"Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, 
as the case may be, within the Notice Period specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause 
to be transferred, the Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified 
in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption and Optional Redemption 
(i) 
Early Redemption 
(A) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
a. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of 
such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility) 
shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Zero Coupon Note. 
b. 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph c. below, the amortised nominal amount of any such 
Zero Coupon Note (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Zero Coupon Note on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as the case may be) discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
amortisation yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Zero Coupon Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the "Amortisation Yield") 
compounded annually. 
c. 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero Coupon Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility) is not paid 
when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note 
shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Zero Coupon Note as defined in sub-paragraph b. 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Final Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Zero Coupon Note on the Final 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Accrual of Interest). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on the basis of 
the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note other than a Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility) shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's option and partial redemption) or 6(d)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' option) will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination 
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any present or future Note 
be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes may not 
be redeemed early. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility 
The Notes of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all the 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than thirty (30) nor 
more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), if 
the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately before the giving of such notice that, before the next Interest Payment 
Date of any Notes of any Series: 
(i) 
it has, or will, become unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any Borrower Debt 
made by it to the Borrower or to comply with any other of its obligations under the Notes of that Series, as a result 
of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective 
before the next such Interest Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
an ECB Ineligibility Event occurred. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two (2) representatives of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Noteholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption and Optional Redemption) above together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g) (Redemption due to illegality or ineligibility): 
"Borrower " means Crédit Agricole S.A.; 
"Borrower Debt" means the Borrower's indebtedness outstanding from time to time under the Facility Agreement; and  
"Facility Agreement means the €82,000,000,000 facility agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Borrower which 
sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the proceeds of each issuance of Notes will be made available by the 
Issuer to the Borrower. 
"ECB Ineligibility Event" means, at any time, a change in, or amendment to, the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as 
specified by the European Central Bank (or any announcement of such a change or amendment made publicly by the 
European Central Bank), becoming effective after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, and as a result of 
which all or part of the Notes of that Series would cease (i) to qualify as eligible collateral in accordance with the rules 
of the Eurosystem or (ii) to be usable as such by the substantial part of the Noteholders. 
(h) 
Subscription and purchases  
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe or purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise (including by 
tender offer) at any price, subject to any applicable laws and regulations and in particular to Article L.513-26 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, as further specified below. All Notes so subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may 
be held and resold in accordance with and within the limits set out by Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, as amended from time to time.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer, as société de financement de 
l'habitat, may subscribe to its own Notes (the "Auto-held Notes") for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible 
collateral with the Banque de France in accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem, provided that the Issuer's liquidity 
needs cannot be funded otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The Notes thus subscribed by the Issuer must meet the 
following conditions: 
(a) 
the outstanding principal amount of the Auto-held Notes does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the outstanding 
principal amount of any liabilities of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège on the subscription date of the Auto-
held Notes by the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Auto-held Notes are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code for so long as they are held by the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Auto-held Notes are granted as collateral to the Banque de France or they are cancelled within the eight (8) 
calendar days from their settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
(d) 
the Auto-held Notes cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the French 
Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may at its sole option be held or cancelled 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Notes will be cancelled by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, if 
so transferred, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all rights 
relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Notes). Any Note so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes shall (i) in the case of Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré), be made by transfer to the account denominated in 
the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (ii) in the case of Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined 
below) designated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction 
(whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent and the Principal Paying Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent acts as independent expert and, in each case, do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, 
Paying Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) at least one (1) Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iii) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in at least one (1) major European city (including, so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and so long as the rules thereof so require, such city where the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), a Registration Agent and 
(v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed 
and/or admitted to trading.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders of Notes in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(d) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the Noteholder (i) shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next following Business Day, or (ii) shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
preceding Business Day, or (iii) shall be entitled to payment on the immediately preceding Business Day (the "Adjusted 
Payment Date"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In case of Adjusted Payment Date, the Noteholder shall not 
be entitled to any greater or lesser interest or other sum in respect of such postponed or anticipated payment. In this 
paragraph, "Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which Euroclear France is open for 
business, (B) on which Banks (as defined below) and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in the city 
of the Paying Agent's specified office, (C) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the 
relevant Final Terms and (D) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(e) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7 (Payments), "Bank" means a bank in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any law would require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of any present or future Note, 
be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not 
be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such withholding or deduction. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Representation of Noteholders  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 10(i) (Full Masse) below with respect to Notes issued with a denomination of less 
than €100,000, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of Article L.228-
46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code as amended or supplemented by this Condition 10 (Representation of 
Noteholders).  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and benefits 
which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders may exercise individually 
in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the Terms and Conditions. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") and in part 
through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of all Tranches of all 
Series of Notes (including all subsequent Tranches in such Series) will be: 
F&S Financial Services 
8, rue du Mont Thabor 
75001 Paris 
France 
The remuneration of the Representative will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of liquidation, resignation, dissolution or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by its alternate (if any). Another Representative may be appointed. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except as provided by paragraph 
1 of Article L.513-24 under the French Monetary and Financial Code) have the power to take all acts of management 
necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the Representative, 
except that, should safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire)

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) be commenced against the Issuer, the specific controller (contrôleur 
spécifique) would file the evidence of debt of all creditors (including the Noteholders) of the Issuer benefiting from the 
Privilège pursuant to Article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), (ii) by unanimous consent of 
the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous Decision") or (iii) by the consent of one or 
more Noteholders holding together at least seventy-five (75) per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
following a written consultation (the "Written Majority Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the rights of each Noteholder to participate in 
Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent 
holder of any Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented hold 
at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held 
by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 10(h) (Notice to Noteholders) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on 
second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by correspondence or by 
video conference or any other electronic devices which allow the identification of the Noteholders.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions 
which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which 
will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other 
place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the 
holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the 
holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous Decisions or Written 
Majority Decisions. Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision or, as the case may be, such Written 
Majority Decision, may be contained in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of such Noteholders. 
(a) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without having to 
comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i) (General Meetings). Approval of 
a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code 
("Electronic Consent"). 
(b) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided under 
Condition 10(h) (Notices to Noteholders) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for 
the passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices seeking 
the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written 
Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision 
Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at least seventy-five (75) 
per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding without having to comply with formalities and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i) (General Meetings). Approval of a Written Majority Decision 
may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° shall not apply to the Notes. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to the calling and 
holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, 
it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Tranche, and the holders of Notes of any other Tranche which have been assimilated 
(assimilées) with the Notes of such first mentioned Tranche in accordance with Condition 11 (Further Issues), shall, for 
the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been appointed 
in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Representative 
and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the Notes of such Series 
are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 (Representation of Noteholders) shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000, Condition 10 (Representation of Noteholders) shall apply 
to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
Condition 10(d)(iii) (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code) shall not apply to the Notes; 
and  
(ii) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 10(e) (Expenses) shall be deleted 
and replaced by the following: 
"(e) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by Collective Decisions." 
11. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées for the purpose of French law) with the Notes provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical 
in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal amount thereof and the first (1st) payment of interest as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in 
these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
12. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a 
day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (A) so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos) or (B) in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
or (C) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the RGAMF and so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where 
the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market(s) so require .

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published 
(i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (ii) in a daily leading financial newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe or (iii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the RGAMF and so long as such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation 
in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s), on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, if the 
rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily financial 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market, notices shall also be published as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, 
as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the Noteholders pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the 
time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 12(a), (b) and (c) above; 
except that so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s), if the rules applicable 
to such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily financial newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading are/is 
situated. 
13. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any competent court of the Issuer's 
head office.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer was incorporated on 19 December 2022, as a French limited liability company with a board of directors (société 
anonyme à conseil d'administration). The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is "Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat 
SFH". Its term of existence is ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. From the date of its incorporation and 
until the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer had no business activity. The Issuer is registered with the French Registre du 
commerce et des sociétés of Nanterre under number 922 362 439.  
The Issuer is governed by: 
(i) 
the French Commercial Code, and in particular the provisions of Article L.210-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 
applicable to commercial companies; and 
(ii) 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, and in particular, Article L.513-28 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat 
(for further description, see section entitled "Main features of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat"). 
The Issuer is a société de financement de l'habitat duly licensed as a French specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) pursuant to the decision of the European Central Bank dated 14 July 2023 as notified by the French Resolution and 
Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR") on 18 July 2023. 
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 12, place des Etats-Unis, 92120 Montrouge, France. 
The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is: +33 (0)1 41 89 05 22. 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and the Crédit Agricole Group 
The Issuer is a subsidiary of Crédit Agricole S.A. and a member of the Crédit Agricole group (the "Crédit Agricole Group"). 
Crédit Agricole S.A. is the lead bank of the Crédit Agricole Group, which is composed of Crédit Agricole S.A. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries (including the Regional Bank of Corsica – Caisse régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel de la Corse), 
the regional banks (within the meaning of Article L.512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code), the Caisses 
Locales de Crédit Agricole and their respective subsidiaries.  
The Crédit Agricole Group is France's largest banking group, and one of the largest in the world, in each case based on 
shareholders' equity. As at 31 December 2022, Crédit Agricole S.A. had €2,167.6 billion of total consolidated assets, €64.6 
billion in shareholders' equity (excluding minority interests), €827.9 billion of customer deposits and €2,034 billion of assets 
under management.  
The current structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is the result of the following changes: Credit Agricole S.A., formerly known 
as the Caisse Nationale de Crédit Agricole ("CNCA"), was created by public decree in 1920 to distribute advances to and 
monitor a group of regional mutual banks known as the Caisses Régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (the "Regional Banks") 
on behalf of the French State. In 1988, the French State privatised CNCA in a mutualisation process, transferring the majority 
of its interest in CNCA to the Regional Banks. In 2001, CNCA changed its name to Crédit Agricole S.A. and got listed on the 
regulated Market of Euronext Paris. At the time of the listing, Crédit Agricole S.A. acquired approximately 25% interests in 
each of the Regional Banks except the Caisse Régionale de la Corse (100% of which was acquired by Crédit Agricole S.A. in 
2008). On 3 August 2016, Crédit Agricole S.A. transferred substantially all of its interests in the Regional Banks (except the 
Caisse Régionale de la Corse) to a company wholly owned by the Regional Banks.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
As a result of these changes, the organisational structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is as follow as of 31 December 2022: 
 
The structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is different from that of other major banking groups 
Crédit Agricole S.A. does not have any ownership interest in the Regional Banks (other than the Regional Bank of Corsica – 
Caisse régionale de Crédit Agricole Mutuel de la Corse). As a result, Crédit Agricole S.A. does not control the Regional Banks 
in the same way a majority shareholder would. In its capacity as central body (organe central) of the Crédit Agricole network, 
Crédit Agricole S.A. has important powers, by virtue of legal and regulatory provisions, of control over each of the members of 
the Crédit Agricole network (which includes the Regional Banks and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank) (the 
"Members of the Crédit Agricole Network"). These powers give Crédit Agricole S.A. the ability to exercise administrative, 
technical and financial supervision over the organisation and management of these institutions and to take extraordinary

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
measures under certain circumstances. See "Description of the Crédit Agricole network and the role of Crédit Agricole S.A. as 
central body of the Crédit Agricole network" below. 
However, Crédit Agricole S.A.'s powers over the Regional Banks differ in nature from the relationship of voting control that 
would arise from the direct ownership of a majority stake in the Regional Banks. 
Description of the Crédit Agricole network and the role of Crédit Agricole S.A. as central body of the Crédit Agricole network 
Crédit Agricole S.A. acts as the central body (organe central) of the "Crédit Agricole network", which is defined by Article 
R.512-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "French Monetary and Financial Code") to include primarily Crédit 
Agricole S.A., the Regional Banks and the local banks and also other affiliated members (primarily Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank). Crédit Agricole S.A. coordinates the Regional Banks' commercial and marketing strategy, and through 
its specialised subsidiaries, designs and manages financial products that are distributed primarily by the Regional Banks and 
LCL. In addition, Crédit Agricole S.A., as part of its duties as the central body of the Crédit Agricole network, acts as "central 
bank" to such network with regard to refinancing, supervision and reporting to the regulatory authorities, and manages and 
monitors the credit and financial risks of all the Crédit Agricole network. 
Pursuant to Article L.511-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as the central body of the Crédit Agricole network, 
Crédit Agricole S.A. must take all necessary measures to guarantee the liquidity and solvency of each of the Members of the 
Crédit Agricole Network and of the Crédit Agricole network as a whole. Each of the Members of the Crédit Agricole Network 
(including the Issuer) benefits from this statutory financial support mechanism and contributes thereto. In addition, the Regional 
Banks guarantee, through a joint and several guarantee (the "1988 Guarantee"), all of the obligations of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
to third parties, should the assets of Crédit Agricole S.A. be insufficient after its liquidation or dissolution. The potential liability 
of the Regional Banks under the 1988 Guarantee is equal to the aggregate of their share capital, reserves and retained earnings. 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 establishing an EU-wide framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and implemented in France, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated July 2014, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019, provide for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. This 
resolution regime does not affect the statutory financial support mechanism provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code: Credit Agricole S.A. believes that, in practice, this statutory financial support mechanism would 
be exercised prior to the implementation of any resolution measures and that the commencement of a resolution procedure with 
respect to the Crédit Agricole Group would thus imply that the statutory financial support mechanism was insufficient to address 
the failure of one or more Members of the Crédit Agricole Network, and hence of the Crédit Agricole network as a whole. 
However, the application of the resolution regime to Crédit Agricole Group is likely to limit the cases in which a demand for 
payment may be made under the 1988 Guarantee, insofar as the statutory financial support mechanism would be applied before 
a resolution procedure is commenced and resolution measures would diminish the risk of liquidation or dissolution of the Credit 
Agricole Group. 
Share capital 
The Issuer's authorised and issued share capital is five million euros (€5,000,000) consisting of five hundred thousand (500,000) 
ordinary shares with a par value of ten euros (€10) each.  
As of 31 December 2022, 100% per cent. of the Issuer's share capital is directly held by Crédit Agricole S.A., save for one (1) 
share which is owned by Sigma Investissement 39 SAS. This holding percentage has not changed at the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the capital of the Issuer. 
All shares have equal voting rights. 
Issuer's exclusive purpose 
In accordance with article L.513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which defines the exclusive purpose of the 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat and with article 2 of the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer, the Issuer's exclusive purpose consists 
in carrying out the activities and operations below, both in France and abroad: 
(i) 
credit operations and similar operations in accordance with laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat; 
(ii) 
financing operations by means of issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or any other resources in accordance 
with the laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat; and  
(iii) 
any ancillary activities expressly authorised by laws and regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
Business overview  
The Issuer was incorporated on 19 December 2022, and as such, has not carried out business yet. Its setting-up takes place as 
part of Crédit Agricole Group strategy to provide the Group with new liquidity channels. The Issuer is intended to, in particular,

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
grant loans to Crédit Agricole S.A., and, in order to finance such loans, to issue obligations de financement de l'habitat, 
benefiting from the Privilège defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and to raise other funds, 
under issue or subscription contract referring to the Privilège. 
Trends 
Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH, as issuer of obligations de financement de l'habitat, operates on the covered 
bonds market since 2023. As the Issuer is a new entity, it has not faced any major alteration or change of its financial 
performances since 31 December 2022.  
Laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions which have an impact on the Issuer have significantly evolved since 
2008 and the beginning of the financial crisis. 
More generally, French and European regulators and legislators may, at any time, implement new or different measures that 
could have a significant impact on the financial system in general or the Issuer in particular. 
In particular, on 27 November 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Regulation") were adopted.  
The Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation aim for the establishment of a framework to enable a more 
harmonised covered bond market in the EU. The Covered Bond Directive covers in particular requirements for issuing covered 
bonds, requirements for marketing covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", structural features of covered bonds (asset 
composition, derivatives, liquidity, etc.) and regulatory supervision. The Covered Bond Regulation mainly amends Article 129 
of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation) and adds requirements on minimum overcollateralisation 
and substitution assets. A minimum 5% overcollateralisation is required, based on a nominal calculation method. Member states 
are allowed to reduce this level to a minimum of 2% under certain conditions. 
The Covered Bond Directive has been implemented under French law by decree-law No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 
(Ordonnance n°2021-858 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162), the relating application decrees No. 2021-898 
dated 6 July 2021 (Décret n°2021-898 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162), No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 
(Décret n°2022-766 du 2 mai 2022 portant diverses modifications du Code monétaire et financier et complétant la transposition 
de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 du Parlement européen et du Conseil du 27 novembre 2019 concernant l'émission d'obligations 
garanties et la surveillance publique des obligations garanties) and No. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023 (Décret n°2023-102 
du 16 février 2023 portant modification de l'article R.513-8-1 du Code monétaire et financier) and the orders dated 7 July 2021 
(Arrêté du 7 juillet 2021 modifiant le règlement n°99-10 du 9 juillet 1999 relatif aux sociétés de crédit foncier et aux sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat) and 1 December 2022 (Arrêté du 1er décembre 2022 portant modification du règlement n° 99-10 
du 9 juillet 1999 relatif aux sociétés de crédit foncier et aux sociétés de financement de l'habitat). 
Subsidiaries 
According to Article L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer, as a société de financement de l'habitat, 
is not allowed to hold shares in other companies. 
Management of the Issuer  
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
The chairman, the chief executive officer and the vice chief executive officers 
Mr. Hugues Brasseur has been appointed as chairman of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) of the 
Issuer. Mr. Jean-Marc Pinaud, chief executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer, Ms. Isabelle Roseau, vice chief executive 
officer (directrice générale déléguée) of the Issuer and Mr. Philippe Lacroix, vice chief executive officer (directeur général 
délégué) of the Issuer are responsible for the conduct of the Issuer's activities vis-à-vis ACPR in accordance with Article L.511-
13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
In accordance with French applicable corporate laws, each of the chief executive officer (directeur général) and the vice chief 
executive officers (directeurs généraux délégués) represents the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties. The chairman of the board of 
directors (président du conseil d'administration) ensures the efficient functioning of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration). 
Board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
Members of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) consists of seven (7) members.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors and principal activities performed by them 
outside the Issuer: 
Name 
Business Address 
Function for the Issuer 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Hugues Brasseur 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge 
Chairman of the board of 
directors 
Chief executive officer 
(directeur général) of 
CRCAM de l'Anjou et du 
Maine 
Gilles Raynaud 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge 
Member of the board of 
directors 
Responsible for the 
financial management 
(Gestion Financière) of 
LCL 
Anne Costes 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge 
Member of the board of 
directors 
Responsible for the 
capital planning team 
(équipe Capital 
Planning) belonging to 
the financial supervising 
board (Direction du 
Pilotage Financier) of 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Clotilde Bouchet 
47 rue de Ponthieu, 
75008 Paris 
Independent member of 
the board of directors 
N/A 
Louis Tercinier 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge 
Member of the board of 
directors 
Chairman (président) of 
CRCAM Charente-
Maritime Deux Sèvres 
Nicolas Tavernier 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge 
Member of the board of 
directors 
Chief executive officer 
(directeur général) of 
CRCAM Sud-
Méditerranée 
Julie Kovalskaya 
12, place des Etats-Unis, 
92120 Montrouge 
Member of the board of 
directors 
Responsible for the 
coordination and 
financial management at 
group level team (équipe 
Coordination Gestion 
financière Groupe) 
belonging to the financial 
supervising board 
(Direction du Pilotage 
Financier) of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interests between the duties to it by the members of the board of directors, the 
chief executive officer, the vice chief executive officers, their private interests and any other duties. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies. 
Staff  
The Issuer has no employees. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, Crédit Agricole S.A., which acts 
in accordance with the supervision of the Issuer's board of directors pursuant to the Outsourcing and Services Agreement, the 
Administrative Agreement and any document entered into between the Issuer and Crédit Agricole S.A. in relation thereto (see 
section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other 
members of the Group").

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Membership of professional organisation  
The Issuer is member of Association Française des Sociétés Financières, 24, avenue de la Grande Armée, 75584 Paris cedex 
17.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Historical financial information of the Issuer 
 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CASTALIE 
Société anonyme au capital de 5 000 000 EUR 
Siège social : 12 PLACE DES ETATS-UNIS 92120 MONTROUGE 
ETATS FINANCIERS AU 31/12/2022

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Sommaire 
Bilan - Actif........................................................................................................................ 
64 
Bilan - Passif..................................................................................................................... 
65 
Compte de résultat............................................................................................................ 
66 
Compte de résultat (suite)................................................................................................. 
67 
Annexe.............................................................................................................................. 
68 
Nombre et valeur nominale des composants du capital social........................................... 
71 
Immobilisations.................................................................................................................. 
72 
Etats des échéances des créances et des dettes.............................................................. 
73 
Produits à recevoir............................................................................................................. 
74 
Charges à payer................................................................................................................ 
75 
Entreprises liées : éléments relevant de plusieurs postes du bilan ................................... 
76

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ETATS FINANCIERS

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Bilan actif 
BILAN-ACTIF 
Exercice N 
Exercice N-1 
Brut 
Amort. 
Net 
Net 
Capital souscrit non appelé (I) 
Frais d'établissement 
435 704
435 704
Frais de développement 
Concessions,brevets et droits similaires 
Fonds commercial 
Autres immobilisations incorporelles 
incorporelles 
TOTAL immobilisations incorporelles 
435 704 
435 704 
Terrains 
Constructions 
Installations techniques, matériel 
Autres immobilisations corporelles 
Immobilisations en cours 
Avances et acomptes 
TOTAL immobilisations corporelles 
Participations selon la méthode de meq 
Autres participations 
Créances rattachées à des participations 
Autres titres immobilisés 
Prêts 
Autres immobilisations financières 
TOTAL immobilisations financières 
Total Actif Immobilisé (II) 
435 704 
435 704 
Matières premières, approvisionnements 
En cours de production de biens 
En cours de production de services 
Produits intermédiaires et finis 
Marchandises 
TOTAL Stock 
Avances et acomptes versés sur 
commandes 
Clients et comptes rattachés 
15 300
15 300
Autres créances 
5 000 000
5 000 000
Capital souscrit et appelé, non versé 
TOTAL Créances 
5 015 300 
5 015 300 
Valeurs mobilières de placement 
dont actions propres: 
Disponibilités 
TOTAL Disponibilités 
Charges constatées d'avance 
Total Actif Circulant (III) 
5 015 300 
5 015 300 
Frais d'émission d'emprunt à étaler (IV) 
(V) 
Ecarts de conversion actif (VI) 
Total Général (I à VI) 
5 451 004 
5 451 004

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Bilan passif 
 
BILAN-PASSIF 
Exercice N 
Exercice N-1 
Capital social ou individuel 
dont versé : 
5 000 000
Primes d'émission, de fusion, d'apport, .... 
Ecarts de réévaluation 
dont écart d’équivalence 
Réserve légale 
Réserves statutaires ou contractuelles 
Réserves réglementées 
dont réserve des prov. fluctuation 
des cours : 
Autres réserves 
dont réserve achat d’œuvres 
originales d’artistes : 
TOTAL Réserves 
Report à nouveau 
RÉSULTAT DE L'EXERCICE (bénéfice ou perte) 
Subventions d'investissement 
Provisions réglementées 
TOTAL CAPITAUX PROPRES (I) 
5 000 000 
Produit des émissions de titres participatifs 
Avances conditionnées 
TOTAL AUTRES FONDS PROPRES (II) 
Provisions pour risques 
Provisions pour charges 
TOTAL PROVISIONS POUR RISQUES ET CHARGES (III) 
Emprunts obligataires convertibles 
Autres emprunts obligataires 
Emprunts et dettes auprès des établissements de crédit 
Emprunts et dettes financières 
divers 
dont emprunts participatifs : 
TOTAL Dettes financières 
Avances et acomptes reçus sur commandes en cours 
Dettes fournisseurs et comptes rattachés 
15 300
Dettes fiscales et sociales 
Dettes sur immobilisations et comptes rattachés 
435 704
Autres dettes 
TOTAL Dettes d’exploitation 
451 004 
Produits constatés d'avance 
TOTAL DETTES (IV) 
451 004 
Ecart de conversion Passif (V) 
TOTAL GENERAL - PASSIF (I à V) 
5 451 004 
 
Résultat de l'exercice en centimes 
0,00 
Total du bilan en centimes 
5 451 004,00

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Compte de résultat 
 
COMPTE DE RESULTAT 
Exercice N 
Exercice N-1 
France 
Exportation 
Total 
Ventes de marchandises 
Production vendue biens 
Production vendue services 
15 300
15 300
Chiffres d'affaires nets 
15 300 
15 300 
Production stockée 
Production immobilisée 
Subventions d'exploitation 
Reprises sur amortissements et provisions, transferts de charges 
Autres produits 
Total des produits d'exploitation (I) 
15 300 
Achats de marchandises (y compris droits de douane) 
Variation de stock (marchandises) 
Achats de matières premières et autres approvisionnements (y compris droits de douane) 
Variation de stock (matières premières et approvisionnements) 
Autres achats et charges externes 
15 300
Impôts, taxes et versements assimilés 
Salaires et traitements 
Charges sociales 
Dotations d’exploitation 
sur immobilisations 
Dotations aux amortissements 
Dotations aux provisions 
Sur actif circulant : dotations aux provisions 
Pour risques et charges : dotations aux provisions 
Autres charges 
Total des charges d'exploitation (II) 
15 300 
RÉSULTAT D'EXPLOITATION 
Bénéfice attribué ou perte transférée (III) 
Perte supportée ou bénéfice transféré (IV) 
Produits financiers de participations 
Produits des autres valeurs mobilières et créances de l'actif immobilisé 
Autres intérêts et produits assimilés 
Reprises sur provisions et transferts de charges 
Différences positives de change 
Produits nets sur cessions de valeurs mobilières de placement 
Total des produits financiers (V) 
Dotations financières aux amortissements et provisions 
Intérêts et charges assimilées 
Différences négatives de change 
Charges nettes sur cessions de valeurs mobilières de placement 
Total des charges financières (VI) 
RÉSULTAT FINANCIER 
RESULTAT COURANT AVANT IMPOTS (I-II+III-IV+V-VI)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Compte de résultat (suite) 
COMPTE DE RESULTAT (suite) 
Exercice N 
Exercice N-1 
Produits exceptionnels sur opérations de gestion 
Produits exceptionnels sur opérations en capital 
Reprises sur provisions et transferts de charges 
Total des produits exceptionnels (VII) 
Charges exceptionnelles sur opérations de gestion 
Charges exceptionnelles sur opérations en capital 
Dotations exceptionnelles aux amortissements et provisions 
Total des charges exceptionnelles (VIII) 
RÉSULTAT EXCEPTIONNEL (VII -VIII) 
Participation des salariés aux résultats de l'entreprise (IX) 
Impôts sur les bénéfices (X) 
TOTAL DES PRODUITS (I + III + V + VII) 
15 300 
TOTAL DES CHARGES (II + IV + VI + VIII + IX + X) 
15 300 
BÉNÉFICE OU PERTE (total des produits - total des charges)

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
ANNEXE

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
Annexe au bilan, avant répartition, de l'exercice clos le 31 décembre 2022 dont le total est 5 451 004 EUR et au compte de
résultat dégageant un bénéfice de 0 EUR. 
La société CREDIT AGRICOLE CASTALIE a été créée le 19 décembre 2022. 
L'exercice a une durée de 13 jours à partir de sa date de création, recouvrant la période du 19 décembre au 31 décembre 
2022 
♦ 
Annexe 1 
Principes comptables et méthodes appliquées 
♦ 
Les comptes annuels de l'exercice clos le 31 décembre 2022 ont été élaborés et présentés conformément aux règles et 
méthodes comptables du règlement ANC 2014-03 du 5 juin 2014, dans le respect du principe de prudence et d'indépendance 
des exercices en présumant la continuité de l'exploitation. 
L'évaluation des éléments inscrits en comptabilité ont été élaborés par référence à la méthode dite des coûts historiques. 
♦ 
Annexe 2 
Objet 
♦ 
La société a pour objet, l’étude et la recherche de solutions techniques liées à la mise en place d’opérations de gestion de 
dettes ainsi que la préparation, la réalisation et la gestion de prestations de services non financiers y relatives. 
♦ 
Annexe 3 
Frais d'établissement 
♦ 
Les frais d’établissement sont évalués à leur coût d’acquisition (prix d’achat et frais accessoires). 
La société CREDIT AGRICOLE CASTALIE a intégré des frais d’établissement pour un montant de 435 704 € dans le coût 
global des immobilisations. 
Les frais d’établissement correspondent à des honoraires de conseils, ainsi que des coûts du personnel de Crédit Agricole 
SA. 
Les amortissements sont calculés sur une période de 5 ans suivant le mode linéaire à partir de la date d’agrément de 
l’ACPR. 
Ainsi, au 31/12/2022, aucun amortissement n’est comptabilisé dans les comptes de la société. 
♦ 
Annexe 4 
Créances et dettes 
♦ 
Les prêts, les autres créances immobilisées et les dettes ont été évalués à leur valeur nominale. 
S'ils sont libellés en monnaie étrangère, la conversion en euro a été effectuée sur la base du dernier cours de change 
précédant la clôture de l'exercice. Les différences résultant de cette évaluation ont été inscrites en écart de conversion actif 
ou passif, et provisionnées en cas de perte de change latente. 
Les créances immobilisées ont, le cas échéant, été dépréciées par voie de provisions pour tenir compte de leur valeur 
actuelle à la clôture de l'exercice. 
♦ 
Annexe 5 
Consolidation 
♦ 
La société n'est pas consolidée au sein du groupe Crédit Agricole SA au 31/12/2022. 
♦ 
Annexe 6 
Intégration fiscale 
♦ 
La société n'est pas intégrée fiscalement au sein du groupe Crédit Agricole SA au 31/12/2022.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
♦ 
Annexe 7 
Effectif 
♦ 
La société n'emploie pas de personnel. 
♦ 
Annexe 8 
Rémunération des organes de direction 
♦ 
Les membres des organes de direction n'ont perçu aucune rémunération au titre de leurs fonctions au cours de l'exercice. 
♦ 
Annexe 9 
Evènements postérieurs à la clôture 
♦ 
Depuis le 31 décembre 2022, date de clôture de l'exercice, aucun évènement significatif de nature à modifier l'appréciation 
de la situation financière de la Société n'est intervenu. 
♦ 
Annexe 10 
Honoraires des commissaires aux comptes 
♦ 
Le montant des honoraires des commissaires aux comptes figurant au compte de résultat de l'exercice s'élève à 
12 000 € et correspondent exclusivement à des honoraires afférents à la certification des comptes.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Nombre et valeur nominale des composants du capital social 
 
 
Nombre au 
début de 
l'exercice 
Créés 
au 
cours 
de 
l’exercice 
Remboursés 
au cours de 
l’exercice 
Nombre au 
31/12/2022 
Valeur 
nominale 
Actions ordinaires 
500 000
500 000
10
Actions amorties 
Actions à dividendes prioritaires 
(sans droit de vote) 
Actions préférentielles 
Parts sociales 
Certificats d’investissement 
Total 
500 000
500 000

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Immobilisations 
 
Cadre A 
IMMOBILISATIONS 
Valeur brute 
au début de 
l’exercice 
Augmentations 
Réévaluation 
Acqu. et apports 
Frais d'établissement et de développement (I) 
435 704
Autres postes d'immobilisations incorporelles (II) 
Terrains 
Constructions 
Sur sol propre 
Sur sol d'autrui 
Installations générales, agencements et 
aménagements des constructions 
Installations techniques, matériel et outillage industriels 
Autres immobilisations 
corporelles 
Installations générales, agencements, 
aménagements divers 
Matériel de transport 
Matériel de bureau et mobilier informatique 
Emballages récupérables et divers 
Immobilisations corporelles en cours 
Avances et acomptes 
TOTAL (III) 
Participations évaluées par mise en équivalence 
Autres participations 
Autres titres immobilisés 
Prêts et autres immobilisations financières 
TOTAL (IV) 
TOTAL GÉNÉRAL (I + II + III + IV) 
435 704 
Cadre B 
IMMOBILISATIONS 
Diminutions 
Valeur brute à 
la fin de 
l’exercice 
Réévaluation 
Virement 
Cession 
Valeur d’origine 
Frais d'établissement et de développement (I) 
435 704
Autres postes d'immobilisations incorporelles (II) 
Terrains 
Constructions 
Sur sol propre 
Sur sol d'autrui 
Installations générales, agencements et 
aménagements des constructions 
Installations techniques, matériel et outillage industriels 
Autres immobilisations 
corporelles 
Installations générales, agencements, 
aménagements divers 
Matériel de transport 
Matériel de bureau et mobilier 
informatique 
Emballages récupérables et divers 
Immobilisations corporelles en cours 
Avances et acomptes 
TOTAL (III) 
Participations évaluées par mise en équivalence 
Autres participations 
Autres titres immobilisés 
Prêts et autres immobilisations financières 
TOTAL (IV) 
TOTAL GÉNÉRAL (I + II + III + IV) 
435 704

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Etats des échéances des créances et des dettes 
 
Cadre A 
Etat des créances 
Montant 
brut 
A un an au plus A plus d’un an 
Créances rattachées à des participations 
Prêts 
Autres immos financières 
TOTAL DES CREANCES LIEES A L’ACTIF IMMOBILISE 
Clients douteux ou litigieux 
Autres créances clients 
15 300
15 300
Créances représentatives de titres prêtés 
Personnel et comptes rattachés 
Securité sociale et autres organismes sociaux 
Etat et autres 
collectivités 
Impôts sur les bénéfices 
Taxe sur la valeur ajoutée 
Autres impôts 
Etat - divers 
Groupes et associés 
5 000 000
5 000 000
Débiteurs divers 
TOTAL CREANCES LIEES A L’ACTIF CIRCULANT 
5 015 300 
5 015 300 
Charges constatées d'avance 
TOTAL DES CREANCES 
5 015 300 
5 015 300 
Prêts accordés en cours d'exercice 
Remboursements obtenus en cours d'exercice 
Prêts et avances consentis aux associés 
Cadre B 
Etat des dettes 
Montant 
brut 
A un an au 
plus 
A plus d’un an et 
- de cinq ans 
A plus de cinq 
ans 
Emprunts obligataires convertibles 
Autres emprunts obligataires 
Emprunts auprès des établissements de crédits moins de 1 an à 
l'origine 
Emprunts auprès des établissements de crédits plus de 1 an à 
l'origine 
Emprunts et dettes financières divers 
Fournisseurs et comptes rattachés 
15 300
15 300
Personnel et comptes rattachés 
Sécurité sociale et autres organismes sociaux 
Etat et autres 
collectivités publiques 
Impôts sur les bénéfices 
Taxe sur la valeur ajoutée 
Obligations cautionnées 
Autres impôts 
Dettes sur immobilisations et comptes rattachés 
435 704
435 704
Groupes et associés 
Autres dettes 
Dette représentative de titres empruntés 
Produits constatés d'avance 
TOTAL DES DETTES 
451 004 
451 004 
Emprunts souscrits en cours d'exercice 
Emprunts auprès des associés 
personnes physiques 
Emprunts remboursés en cours d'exercice

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Produits à recevoir 
 
Produits à recevoir 
Montant 
FAE - REFACTURATION FRAIS 2022 
15 300
TOTAL 
15 300

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Charges à payer 
Charges à payer 
Montant 
FNP - PROV FRAIS ETABLISSEMENT - COUT PERSONNEL 
238 065
FNP - PROV FRAIS ETABLISSEMENT - MS LEFEBVRE 
197 639
FNP - PROV CAC DELOITTE 2022 
6 000
FNP - PROV CAC MAZARS 2022 
6 000
FNP - PROV CASGS 2022 
3 300
TOTAL 
451 004

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Entreprises liées : éléments relevant de plusieurs postes du bilan 
Montant concernant les entreprises 
31/12/2022 
liées 
avec un lien de 
participation 
Dettes/créances 
représ. par effets 
de commerce 
Avances et acomptes versés sur immobilisations 
Incorporelles 
Corporelles 
0
0
0
Immobilisations financières 
Participations 
Créances rattachées à des participations 
Prêts 
Autres titres immobilisés 
Autres immobilisations financières 
0
0
0
Créances 
Fournisseurs : avances et acomptes versés 
Créances clients et comptes rattachés 
15 300
Autres créances 
5 000 000
Capital souscrit appelé non versé 
5 015 300
0
0
Disponibilités 
Comptes courants financiers 
0
0
0
Dettes financières diverses 
Dettes rattachées à des participations 
Emprunts et dettes financières divers 
Comptes courants financiers 
0
0
0
Clients : avances et acomptes reçus 
Dettes fournisseurs 
Dettes sur immobilisations 
Autres dettes 
0
0
0

--- Page 77 ---
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92075 Paris La Défense Cedex 
6, place de la pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Castalie 
Rapport des commissaires aux comptes sur les 
comptes annuels 
Exercice de 13 jours clos le 31 décembre 2022

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Crédit Agricole Castalie 
Société Anonyme 
RCS Nanterre 922 362 439  
Rapport des commissaires aux comptes sur les comptes annuels 
Exercice de 13 jours clos le 31 décembre 2022 
À l’assemblée générale de la société Crédit Agricole Castalie, 
Opinion 
En exécution de la mission qui nous a été confiée en application de l’article 43 des statuts constitutifs 
de la société, nous avons effectué l’audit des comptes annuels de Crédit Agricole Castalie relatifs à 
l’exercice de 13 jours clos le 31 décembre 2022, tels qu’ils sont joints au présent rapport. 
Nous certifions que les comptes annuels sont, au regard des règles et principes comptables français, 
réguliers et sincères et donnent une image fidèle du résultat des opérations de l’exercice écoulé ainsi 
que de la situation financière et du patrimoine de l’entité à la fin de cet exercice. 
 
Fondement de l’opinion 
Référentiel d’audit 
Nous avons effectué notre audit selon les normes d’exercice professionnel applicables en France. Nous 
estimons que les éléments que nous avons collectés sont suffisants et appropriés pour fonder notre 
opinion. 
Les responsabilités qui nous incombent en vertu de ces normes sont indiquées dans la partie 
« Responsabilités des commissaires aux comptes relatives à l’audit des comptes annuels » du présent 
rapport. 
Indépendance 
Nous avons réalisé notre mission d’audit dans le respect des règles d’indépendance prévues par le 
code de commerce et par le code de déontologie de la profession de commissaire aux comptes, sur la 
période du 19 décembre 2022 à la date d’émission de notre rapport.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Justification des appréciations  
En application des dispositions des articles L.823-9 et R.823-7 du code de commerce relatives à la 
justification de nos appréciations, nous vous informons que les appréciations les plus importantes 
auxquelles nous avons procédé, selon notre jugement professionnel, ont porté sur le caractère 
approprié des principes comptables appliqués et sur la présentation d’ensemble des comptes. 
Les appréciations ainsi portées s’inscrivent dans le contexte de l’audit des comptes annuels pris dans 
leur ensemble et de la formation de notre opinion exprimée ci-avant. Nous n’exprimons pas d’opinion 
sur des éléments de ces comptes annuels pris isolément. 
 
Vérifications spécifiques 
Nous avons également procédé, conformément aux normes d’exercice professionnel applicables en 
France, aux vérifications spécifiques prévues par les textes légaux et réglementaires. 
Informations données dans le rapport de gestion et dans les autres documents sur la 
situation financière et les comptes annuels adressés aux actionnaires  
Nous n'avons pas d'observation à formuler sur la sincérité et la concordance avec les comptes annuels 
des informations données dans le rapport de gestion du conseil d’administration et dans les autres 
documents sur la situation financière et les comptes annuels adressés aux actionnaires. 
Nous attestons de la sincérité et de la concordance avec les comptes annuels des informations relatives 
aux délais de paiement mentionnées à l'article D.441-6 du code de commerce. 
Rapport sur le gouvernement d’entreprise 
Nous attestons de l’existence, dans le rapport du conseil d’administration sur le gouvernement 
d’entreprise, des informations requises par l’article L.225-37-4 du code de commerce. 
 
Responsabilités de la direction et des personnes 
constituant le gouvernement d’entreprise relatives aux 
comptes annuels 
Il appartient à la direction d’établir des comptes annuels présentant une image fidèle conformément aux 
règles et principes comptables français ainsi que de mettre en place le contrôle interne qu'elle estime 
nécessaire à l'établissement de comptes annuels ne comportant pas d'anomalies significatives, que 
celles-ci proviennent de fraudes ou résultent d'erreurs. 
Lors de l’établissement des comptes annuels, il incombe à la direction d’évaluer la capacité de la société 
à poursuivre son exploitation, de présenter dans ces comptes, le cas échéant, les informations

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
nécessaires relatives à la continuité d’exploitation et d’appliquer la convention comptable de continuité 
d’exploitation, sauf s’il est prévu de liquider la société ou de cesser son activité.  
Les comptes annuels ont été arrêtés par le conseil d’administration. 
 
Responsabilités des commissaires aux comptes 
relatives à l’audit des comptes annuels 
Il nous appartient d’établir un rapport sur les comptes annuels. Notre objectif est d’obtenir l’assurance 
raisonnable que les comptes annuels pris dans leur ensemble ne comportent pas d’anomalies 
significatives. L’assurance raisonnable correspond à un niveau élevé d’assurance, sans toutefois 
garantir qu’un audit réalisé conformément aux normes d’exercice professionnel permet de 
systématiquement détecter toute anomalie significative. Les anomalies peuvent provenir de fraudes ou 
résulter d’erreurs et sont considérées comme significatives lorsque l’on peut raisonnablement s’attendre 
à ce qu’elles puissent, prises individuellement ou en cumulé, influencer les décisions économiques que 
les utilisateurs des comptes prennent en se fondant sur ceux-ci.  
Comme précisé par l’article L.823-10-1 du code de commerce, notre mission de certification des 
comptes ne consiste pas à garantir la viabilité ou la qualité de la gestion de votre société. 
Dans le cadre d’un audit réalisé conformément aux normes d’exercice professionnel applicables en 
France, le commissaire aux comptes exerce son jugement professionnel tout au long de cet audit. 
En outre : 
• 
il identifie et évalue les risques que les comptes annuels comportent des anomalies significatives, 
que celles-ci proviennent de fraudes ou résultent d’erreurs, définit et met en œuvre des procédures 
d’audit face à ces risques, et recueille des éléments qu’il estime suffisants et appropriés pour fonder 
son opinion. Le risque de non-détection d’une anomalie significative provenant d’une fraude est plus 
élevé que celui d’une anomalie significative résultant d’une erreur, car la fraude peut impliquer la 
collusion, la falsification, les omissions volontaires, les fausses déclarations ou le contournement 
du contrôle interne ; 
• 
il prend connaissance du contrôle interne pertinent pour l’audit afin de définir des procédures d’audit 
appropriées en la circonstance, et non dans le but d’exprimer une opinion sur l’efficacité du contrôle 
interne ; 
• 
il apprécie le caractère approprié des méthodes comptables retenues et le caractère raisonnable 
des estimations comptables faites par la direction, ainsi que les informations les concernant fournies 
dans les comptes annuels ; 
• 
il apprécie le caractère approprié de l’application par la direction de la convention comptable de 
continuité d’exploitation et, selon les éléments collectés, l’existence ou non d’une incertitude 
significative liée à des événements ou à des circonstances susceptibles de mettre en cause la 
capacité de la société à poursuivre son exploitation. Cette appréciation s’appuie sur les éléments 
collectés jusqu’à la date de son rapport, étant toutefois rappelé que des circonstances ou

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
événements ultérieurs pourraient mettre en cause la continuité d’exploitation. S’il conclut à 
l’existence d’une incertitude significative, il attire l’attention des lecteurs de son rapport sur les 
informations fournies dans les comptes annuels au sujet de cette incertitude ou, si ces informations 
ne sont pas fournies ou ne sont pas pertinentes, il formule une certification avec réserve ou un refus 
de certifier ; 
• 
il apprécie la présentation d’ensemble des comptes annuels et évalue si les comptes annuels 
reflètent les opérations et événements sous-jacents de manière à en donner une image fidèle. 
 
Les Commissaires aux comptes 
Paris La Défense, le 12 avril 2023 
 
Mazars 
 
 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
 
Jean Latorzeff  
Associé 
 
 
Charlotte Vandeputte 
Associée

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
MAIN FEATURES OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIETES DE 
FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to the Issuer as société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH) mainly results from the following provisions (as they may be amended from time 
to time) (the "SFH Legal Framework"): 
(i) 
Article L.513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(ii) 
Article R.513-1-A et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(iii) 
the Regulation (réglement) No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Comité de la Réglementation 
Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) (the "CRBF Regulation"); and 
(iv) 
various instructions of the French Resolution and Prudential Control Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR") applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
The recent amendments to the above-mentioned legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat (SFH), which entered into force on 8 July 2022, have been made by: 
- 
Decree-law (ordonnance) No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issuance of covered bonds and the 
public supervision of covered bonds (the "Covered Bond Directive"); 
- 
Decree (décret) No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 transposing the Covered Bond Directive; 
- 
Decrees (décrets) No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 and No. 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023 completing 
the transposition of the Covered Bond Directive; 
- 
Ministerial decrees (arrêtés) dated 7 July 2021 and 1 December 2022 amending the CRBF Regulation; 
- 
Instruction No. 2022-I-03 of ACPR on the coverage ratio of sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat and the regulatory statements mentioned in article 10 of the CRBF Regulation; 
- 
Instruction No. 2022-I-04 of ACPR on the publication by sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat of information related to the quality of the assets financed and respectively, their 
outstanding obligations foncières and obligations de financement de l'habitat; and 
- 
Instruction No. 2022-I-23 of ACPR on the information to be provided to ACPR by the sociétés de crédit 
foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat in the context of the granting of the "European Covered 
Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels, replacing Instruction No. 2022-I-05 of ACPR. 
This new regime also aims to take into account the amendments of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019. 
The main provisions of the SFH Legal Framework as of the date of this Base Prospectus are summarised below. 
The SFH Legal Framework applicable to the Issuer may be amended from time to time after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Exclusive legal purpose 
In accordance with the current SFH Legal Framework, sociétés de financement de l'habitat (SFH) may only: 
(i) 
grant or finance home loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold securities, exposures and deposits that comply with 
legal and regulatory eligibility criteria; 
(ii) 
grant to any credit institution loans guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of the receivables 
arising from eligible home loans;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(iii) 
acquire promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by credit institutions which represent receivables arising 
from eligible home loans; and 
(iv) 
issue obligations de financement de l'habitat (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the 
Privilège) in order to finance these assets and may also issue ordinary bonds or raise other sources of 
financing which do not benefit from the Privilège, including by issuing certain promissory notes (billets à 
ordre). 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may carry out temporary transfers of securities, pledge a securities account 
and pledge or transfer all or part of the receivables held by them in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code. The receivables or securities thus transferred or pledged are not included 
in the cover pool (assiette du Privilège) defined in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and are not taken into account for the calculation of the Overcollateralisation Ratio (as defined below). 
In order to hedge their interest and currency risks on loans, exposures, obligations de financement de l'habitat and 
other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège, or to manage or hedge the global risk on their assets, 
liabilities and off balance sheet exposures, sociétés de financement de l'habitat may use forward financial 
instruments that must comply with the provisions of Article R.513-6-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
notably in respect of the credit rating of the hedging counterparty. Pursuant to Articles L.513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, any amounts due by the Issuer pursuant to these forward financial instruments, after 
applicable netting, benefit from the Privilège. 
A société de financement de l'habitat is not allowed to hold equity participations or other forms of equity interest 
issued by other companies. 
Eligible assets 
(i) 
home loans (prêts à l'habitat) which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage or other real estate security 
interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage (within the meaning of Article L.513-3 I, 1. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code), or that are exclusively aimed for the acquisition of a property and 
guaranteed by a credit institution, a financing company (société de financement), or an insurance company 
qualifying for the credit quality step 2 (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) or above given by an external 
rating agency recognised by ACPR as provided in Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (within the meaning of Article L.513-3 I, 2. of the French Monetary and Financial Code). The property 
(x) brought as guarantee or (y) financed must be located in France or in any other member state of the 
European Union or the EEA or in a State that qualifies for the credit quality step 1 (meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit) given by an external rating agency recognised by ACPR as provided in Article L.511-44 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(ii) 
loans granted to any credit institutions which are secured by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of the 
receivables arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above pursuant to the provisions of Articles L.211-
36 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, provided that 
the provisions of Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are complied with; 
(iii) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and which represent receivables arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above, 
provided that the provisions of Article L.513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are complied 
with; and 
(iv) 
any asset (x) required so that the société de financement de l'habitat may pursue its purpose or (y) arising 
out of the collection the receivables it owns. 
In the case of the Issuer, the Eligible Assets are comprised of the Advances (each as defined in section entitled 
"Risk factors") which are loans referred to in (ii) above granted by the Issuer to the Borrower (as defined in section 
entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other 
members of the Group") in accordance with the provisions of the Facility Agreement and that are fully secured by 
transfers of full title by way of security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of eligible Home Loan 
Receivables as Collateral Security (each as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") pursuant to the provisions of

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the provisions of the Collateral Security 
Agreement (as defined in section entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other members of the Group").  
While the Issuer does not intend to acquire Eligible Assets which are promissory notes (billets à ordre) referred to 
in (iii) above, it is not precluded from holding any such assets and reserves the right to acquire such assets in the 
future as well as any other type of assets that may become eligible to sociétés de financement de habitat in the 
future. 
Pursuant to Article R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de financement de l'habitat 
must keep the record of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. This record must specify the type and value 
of the security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège. 
In accordance with Article L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat are not allowed to make any other investments, except investments in securities, exposures or deposits 
within the conditions and limits set out in Articles R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (the "Other Legally Eligible Assets"). Pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer shall 
dispose of a system for measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of 
the decree (Arrêté) dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not an intragroup pooled covered bond structure (as described in Article 8 
of Directive (EU) 2019/2162). Moreover, the Issuer shall not include in its cover pool unsecured debt instruments 
issued by an entity of the Group or any other entity closely linked to any such entity and fully guaranteed by one 
or several EEA public sector entities which have the right to levy taxes, within the meaning of Article 138 of 
Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014. 
Pursuant to Article 12 ter of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate matching (niveau de congruence) between the 
assets and the liabilities of the Issuer shall be verified by the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique). 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must publish and send to ACPR certain quarterly an annual information on 
their assets and liabilities the detail, content and form of which are set forth in the CRBF Regulation and the 
relevant ACPR instructions (as they may be amended from time to time). 
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to which Article R.513-19 of the same 
code expressly refers, a société de financement de l'habitat may only finance the home loans through issuance of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the Privilège up to the lowest of the 
following amounts: 
(i) 
the principal outstanding amount of the home loan; 
(ii) 
the product of (x) the value of the financed real estate by guaranteed home loans or of the charged residential 
real estate for mortgage home loan and (y) the applicable "financing portion'" (quotité de financement) 
referred to in Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (sixty per cent (60%) with respect 
to business property, eighty per cent (80%) with respect to housing acquisition and/or construction loans 
granted to natural persons, or one hundred per cent (100%) with respect to loans benefiting from certain 
French State guarantees). 
Hedging 
Pursuant to Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de l'habitat 
may enter into forward financial instruments (instruments financiers à terme) as defined in Article L.211-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, to hedge transactions for management (opérations de gestion) of the loans 
and exposures as referred to in Articles L.513-3 and L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
obligations de financement de l'habitat and other resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Any amounts payable pursuant to these forward financial instruments, after the applicable set-off as the case may 
be, benefit from the Privilège, unless such forward financial instruments were not concluded by the société de

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
financement de l'habitat to hedge items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, 
liabilities and off-balance sheet items. 
According to Article 12 of the 99-10 Regulation and Articles 85 and 86 of the decree (Arrêté) dated 
3 November 2014 with respect to the internal control of the banking sector companies, payment services and 
investment services providers subject to the supervision of ACPR, a société de financement de l'habitat shall 
implement a system for measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Article 134 to Article 
139 of the decree (Arrêté) of 3 November 2014. 
The Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) and legal derogation to bankruptcy laws 
Obligations de financement de l'habitat are specialised covered bonds products that can only be issued by 
specialised credit institutions licensed and regulated in France as sociétés de financement de l'habitat. Obligations 
de financement de l'habitat benefit from the legal Privilège under French law which provides a priority in right of 
payment over all the assets and revenues of the société de financement de l'habitat to the holders of obligations de 
financement de l'habitat and other privileged debt. 
The right of payment in principal and interest under the Notes benefits from the privilège (statutory priority in right 
of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Privilège"), and 
pursuant to which, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Book VI (Livre VI) of the French 
Commercial Code on insolvency proceedings): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities 
referred to in Articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, including any 
mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and forward financial instruments 
referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in each case after any applicable 
set-off, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, shall be 
allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
(such as the Notes) and any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article 
L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from 
time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Notes) or any other resources 
or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all 
other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, 
no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in 
principal or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result in the obligations 
de financement de l'habitat (such as the Notes) and the other debts benefiting from the Privilège becoming 
due and payable. 
With respect to the Issuer, the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège comprise amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer (including payments following an early termination of an Hedging Agreement (as defined in section 
entitled "Relationship between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH and Crédit Agricole S.A. and other 
members of the Group")), if any, under the Hedging Agreement(s) and after netting if applicable in accordance 
with the provisions of the SFH Legal Framework, amounts due under the Notes, certain administrative and tax 
costs and certain amounts of fees and expenses due to the Administrator under the Administrative Agreement. 
In addition:  
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of 
Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) are not 
applicable to contracts concluded by a société de financement de l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
or in favour of société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such contracts or transactions are directly related 
to the transactions referred to in Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the bankruptcy 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a shareholder of 
a société de financement de l'habitat cannot be extended to the société de financement de l'habitat itself; 
- 
in accordance with Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of bankruptcy 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a company to 
which a société de financement de l'habitat has delegated the management or the recovery of loans, 
exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, deposits, bonds or other sources of financing may be 
immediately terminated notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, including those of titles II to IV of 
the Book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial Code; in accordance with Article L.513-24 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, in case of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a société de financement de l'habitat, the specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique) will be responsible for filing claims on behalf of creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège; 
- 
Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code relating to financial guarantees, such as the 
Collateral Security, expressly provides that the provisions of Book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial 
Code shall not impede (ne font pas obstacle à) the application of Article L.211-36 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, which Book VI (Livre VI) of the French Commercial Code may include 
Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code, pursuant to which a creditor may be held liable towards a 
bankrupt debtor if the credit granted by it to such debtor entailed a damage and the security interest securing 
such credit is disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to that credit, save in case of fraud; and 
- 
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal or 
contractual provision to the contrary, no termination, suspension, set-off or amendment of an ongoing 
forward financial instrument entered into by the Issuer can result solely from safeguard (sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings 
or resolution proceedings (procedure de résolution) opened against the Issuer pursuant to Article L.613-49 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement 
de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio (ratio de couverture) between its Eligible Assets (as defined in 
section entitled "Risk factors") (including claims for payment attached to forward financial instruments benefiting 
from the Privilège as well as any collateral received in relation to such forward financial instruments) and its 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège (the "Overcollateralisation Ratio"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the minimum Overcollateralisation Ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework is of at least one hundred and five 
per cent. (105%) (the "Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio"). For that purpose, pursuant to Article 
R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral 
assets pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, which are not liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions, the société 
de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral rather than the secured 
receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets. 
Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Articles 7, 8 and 9 of the CRBF Regulation define 
the way the Overcollateralisation Ratio is calculated. 
Pursuant to Article R.513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code the specific controller (contrôleur 
spécifique) certifies that the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio is complied with every quarter and in case 
of issue of resources benefitting from the Privilège which unit value equals or exceeds €500,000,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency. 
Pursuant to Article 10 of the CRBF Regulation, Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must declare their 
Overcollateralisation Ratio on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Liquidity needs coverage 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat must ensure, at all times, the coverage of their cash requirements for the next one hundred and eighty 
(180) days by eligible liquid assets listed in Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, taking 
into account expected flows in principal and interests under their assets and net flows relating to forward financial 
instruments set forth in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. For that purpose, when the 
assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to 
L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not liquid assets or 
short term exposures to credit institutions, the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets 
received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security 
Assets. 
Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de financement de l'habitat must ensure that the average life of the 
Eligible Assets (as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") held by them, up to the minimum amount required to 
comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not 
exceed more than eighteen (18) months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. For that 
purpose, when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-
40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not 
securities, exposures or deposits that are sufficiently secure and liquid as defined in Article L.513-7 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received 
as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets. With 
respect to the Issuer, this requirement is taken into account in the Collateral Security Agreement and for each 
issuance of Notes. 
Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de financement de l'habitat as 
eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Pursuant to Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de l'habitat 
may subscribe to its own obligations de financement de l'habitat for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible 
collateral with the Banque de France in accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem, provided that the liquidity 
needs of the société de financement de l'habitat cannot be funded otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The 
obligations de financement de l'habitat thus subscribed by the société de financement de l'habitat must meet the 
following conditions: 
- 
their outstanding principal amount does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the outstanding principal amount 
of any liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat benefiting from the Privilège on the acquisition 
date of the obligations de financement de l'habitat by the société de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French Commercial 
Code for so long as they are held by the société de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are granted as collateral to the French central bank (Banque de France) or they are cancelled within 
the eight (8) days from their settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as 
applicable; and 
- 
they cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to ACPR. 
Extendable maturity structure 
In accordance with Article L.513-30 and Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société 
de financement de l'habitat may issue obligations de financement de l'habitat with extendable maturity structures, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant maturity extension trigger event (or at least one of the relevant maturity extension trigger 
events) is (are) mentioned in Article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(ii) 
the contractual terms and conditions of such obligations de financement de l'habitat specify the relevant 
maturity extension trigger event(s); 
(iii) 
the final maturity date of such obligations de financement de l'habitat is at all times determinable ; and 
(iv) 
in the event of the insolvency or resolution of the société de financement de l'habitat issuing such 
obligations de financement de l'habitat, the maturity extensions do not affect the ranking of the investors 
in such obligations de financement de l'habitat or invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule 
of such obligations de financement de l'habitat. 
With respect to the Issuer, the maturity of the Notes of a given Series may be extended in accordance with, and 
subject to, the provisions of Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption) of the Notes. 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L.513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de l'habitat 
may use: 
(i) 
the label "European Covered Bond" for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SFH Legal Framework; and 
(ii) 
the label "European Covered Bond (Premium)" for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat or 
other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SFH Legal Framework and 
the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
If a société de financement de l'habitat either (i) requests the use of, or (ii) benefits from, the "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code the 
specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 
no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended) are complied with. 
Pursuant to Article 16 of the CRBF Regulation, the ACPR is responsible for the granting and supervision of both 
"European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. The conditions and procedures for 
granting and monitoring these labels are detailed in Instruction No. 2022-I-23 issued by the ACPR on 9 December 
2022. In particular, ACPR publishes the list of obligations de financement de l'habitat that are entitled to use the 
label "European Covered Bond" and the list of obligations de financement de l'habitat that are entitled to use the 
label "European Covered Bond (Premium)". Subject to the aforementioned verification of the specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique) and approval and supervision of ACPR, the Issuer intends to issue Notes that are entitled 
to use the "European Covered Bonds (Premium)" label. 
On 17 July 2023, the Issuer received authorisation from the ACPR to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" 
label for its Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
Resolution procedures under the European Recovery and Resolution framework (BRRD)  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 provides for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
entered into force on 2 July 2014 (the "Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"). The BRRD 
provides authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.  
The BRRD has been implemented into French law in Article L.613-34 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, by an ordonnance dated 20 August 2015 adapting French law to EU Financial Law (Ordonnance n°2015-
1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la legislation au droit de l'Union européenne 
en matière financière) (the "Ordonnance") ratified by law No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (loi n°2016-
1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie 
économique) (the "Recovery Framework"). The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union 
adopted Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending 
the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II"), which was

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le 
secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020. 
The Recovery Framework contains several resolution tools and powers (the "Resolution Tools and Powers") 
which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution 
is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would 
prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the 
public interest. Among these, is the bail-in tool which gives resolution authorities the power to recapitalise or 
restore the viability of an institution under specific conditions, to write-down certain debt claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, to equity, which equity could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application of the bail-in tool. The BRRD also provides 
that the relevant resolution authority can modify the terms and conditions of debt instruments (including altering 
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments). 
Financial public support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
Article L.613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly provides that the relevant resolution 
authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities (such as the 
Borrower Debt (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes")), including covered bonds 
(such as the Notes). The SFH Legal Framework also specifically includes references to the resolution proceedings 
so as to extent the benefit of the Privilège as well as the extension of the maturity of soft bullet covered bonds to 
those proceedings. 
Article L.613-50-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (transposing article 68 of BRRD) provides that the 
sole existence of a resolution measure (mesure de résolution) within the meaning of Article L.613-50 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code cannot trigger the ability for the counterparty to terminate, suspend, modify 
or suspend the performance of a contract provided that the material obligations under such contract continue to be 
performed by the entity which is subject to such resolution measure. The BRRD Revision extends this requirement 
to the suspension of payment and delivery obligations decided by the relevant resolution authority. 
Article L.613-57-1-III of the French Monetary and Financial Code provides that, save for the protection of the 
availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French fonds de garantie des dépôts et de résolution as 
provided by Article L.613-57-1 V of the French Monetary and Financial Code, secured liabilities of an entity which 
is subject to a resolution measure cannot be transferred to another entity separately from the related collateral 
arrangements.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH AND 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. AND OTHER MEMBERS OF THE GROUP 
As mentioned and/or further described in sections entitled "Description of the Issuer " and "Risk factors", the Issuer 
has entered into several contracts with Crédit Agricole S.A., its parent company, and other members of the Group. 
The main contracts entered into between the Issuer and Crédit Agricole S.A. and such members of the Group, as 
amended from time to time, are further described below. 
Outsourcing and Services Agreement (convention d'externalisation de prestations de services)  
The Issuer having no employees and own resources, it has entered into an outsourcing and services agreement 
(convention d'externalisation de prestations de services) (the "Outsourcing and Services Agreement") (in 
compliance with the Decree (Arrêté) dated 3 November 2014 (as amended from time to time)) with Crédit Agricole 
S.A., setting out the conditions under which Crédit Agricole S.A. shall provide services for the fulfilment of the 
regulatory obligations of the Issuer in its capacity as specialised credit institution subject to the laws and regulations 
governing sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
The outsourced activities include in particular the accounting supervision (including regulatory reporting), the 
internal monitoring, the portfolio and assets/resources balance tracking, the disclosure duties, legal, tax, corporate 
and administrative assistance, the risks control, the permanent control (including compliance and fight against 
money laundering) and the periodic control. 
Administrative Agreement 
Under Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the administration or recovery of the loans, 
exposures, similar receivables, securities and deposits, bonds or other facilities must be carried out by a credit 
institution bound by contract to the société de financement de l'habitat. 
For such purpose, the Issuer has entered into an administrative agreement (the "Administrative Agreement") with 
Crédit Agricole S.A. setting out the conditions under which Crédit Agricole S.A. shall provide services in 
connection with (i) the management and recovery of the Advances (as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") 
and the Eligible Assets transferred as Collateral Security (as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") under the 
Collateral Security Agreement (as defined below), and (ii) the implementation of the asset-liability management 
policy of the Issuer in compliance with any laws and regulations relating to the sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
Issuer Accounts Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into an accounts and cash management agreement (the "Issuer Accounts Agreement") 
with Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and Crédit Agricole S.A., which sets forth (i) the terms and 
conditions under which Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank opens and operates the bank accounts of 
the Issuer and (ii) the cash management services provided by Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank and 
Crédit Agricole S.A. to the Issuer. 
Facility Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a €82,000,000,000 facility agreement (the "Facility Agreement") with Crédit Agricole 
S.A., which sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the proceeds of each issuance of Notes will be made 
available by the Issuer to Crédit Agricole S.A., as borrower (the "Borrower")). 
Collateral Security Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a collateral security agreement (the "Collateral Security Agreement") executed 
between (i) the Issuer, as issuer and lender, (ii) the Collateral Providers (as defined in section entitled "Risk 
factors"), (iii) Crédit Agricole S.A., as administrator, borrower, collateral providers agent, issuer calculation agent, 
cash collateral provider and (iv) Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as issuer accounts bank. 
The Collateral Security Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which the Collateral Providers, 
represented by Crédit Agricole S.A., will transfer to the Issuer by way of security the full title (remettre en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) of financial assets as collateral security pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code in order to secure, as they become due and payable, the payments of all

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
and any amounts owed by the Borrower under the Facility Agreement. 
Cash Collateral Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a cash collateral agreement (the "Cash Collateral Agreement") executed between (i) 
the Issuer and (ii) Crédit Agricole S.A., as issuer calculation agent, administrator and cash collateral provider. 
The Cash Collateral Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which Crédit Agricole S.A. shall fund 
certain amounts as cash collateral (gage-espèces) in order to secure, as they become due and payable, the payments 
of all and any amounts owed by the borrower under the Facility Agreement. 
Calculation Services Agreement 
The Issuer has entered into a calculation services agreement (the "Calculation Services Agreement") executed 
between (i) the Issuer and (ii) Crédit Agricole S.A., as administrator and issuer calculation agent. 
The Calculation Services Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which Crédit Agricole S.A. shall 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other in connection with the 
calculation services to be provided by Crédit Agricole S.A. under the Programme Documents. 
Hedging Agreements 
The Issuer may enter into certain hedging agreements (the "Hedging Agreements") (and related hedging 
transactions) and/or other contractual arrangements with Crédit Agricole S.A. (or any relevant third party) in order 
to mitigate the potential mismatch of the interest rates applicable to the Notes and to the Collateral Security Assets 
(as defined in section entitled "Risk factors") and the potential mismatch of currencies of denomination of the 
Notes and the Collateral Security Assets. 
Master Definitions and Construction Agreement  
The Issuer has entered into a master definitions and construction agreement (the "Master Definitions and 
Construction Agreement") with Crédit Agricole S.A. and the Collateral Providers (as defined in section entitled 
"Risk factors"), setting out the definitions and construction rules applicable to most of the above-mentioned 
agreements.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
SUBCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 20 July 2023 between the Issuer, 
and the Permanent Dealer (the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent 
Dealer. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not 
Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of 
such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through Dealers 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer may pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealer(s) for certain expenses incurred in connection with the 
Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. Each Dealer will be required to agree to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that 
they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be out in the Final Terms used in 
respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer 
nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable", 
the Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii), as applicable, not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Public offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retails Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", the Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms to 
the public in a member state of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such Base Prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Base 
Prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
member state of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
France 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
Non-exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it 
has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except 
(a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Notes and provided that the Final Terms 
have been duly published and specify that such Non-exempt offers in France may be made to the public, all as 
defined in and in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and regulation; or 
Exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it 
has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except 
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from the obligation to publish a

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L.411-
2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
United Kingdom 
The Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in the United Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act nor with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S). The Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in offshore 
transactions in reliance on Regulation S. The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory 
authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering the Notes 
or the accuracy or the adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense 
in the United States. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any time and 
(ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after the completion of the distribution of all the Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Until forty (40) 
days after the commencement of the offering of any Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by 
any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base 
Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the 
United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents 
to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000) 
[PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 26 November 2014 on key 
information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 20183 has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]4 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or (ii) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition 
of sales to EEA retail investors" in Part B, item 10(vi) should also be specified as being "Applicable". 
3 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be 
in October 2023. 
4 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (or item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023).

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500DDQOQPU5PDGB36 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €82,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Series No.: [●] 
Tranche No.: [●] 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 July 2023 which received approval no. 23-326 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 20 July 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement dated [●] which 
received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / the Prospectus 
Regulation]. References below to a numbered "Condition" is to the corresponding numbered paragraph of section 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the Base Prospectus. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]5 [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the websites of (i) the Issuer (https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations and (ii) the AMF (www.amf-france.org)[, and copies may be obtained, upon 
request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer]. [In addition6, the 
Base Prospectus[, the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] 
[●].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
become 
 
fungible: 
 
[The 
Notes 
will 
be 
assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series and 
be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] (insert description of the 
relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") on 
[●] / Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro ("€")] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
(insert amount or, in the case of a public 
offer, manner in which and date and time 
in which such amount is to be made 
public) 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
5 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
6 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus an amount corresponding 
to accrued interest at a rate of [●] per cent. 
of such Aggregate Nominal Amount for 
the period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the Issue Date (only applicable 
in the case of assimilated Notes)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
(the rules and procedures of the Relevant 
Regulated 
Market(s) 
and 
clearing 
system(s) shall be taken into account 
where 
choosing 
a 
Specified 
Denomination)  
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] (specify) / Issue Date / Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[●]  
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) / Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis / Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR or other] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[Floating/Fixed Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified in 
paragraphs [14/15/16/17]) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be,] at [100 per cent. / [●] per 
cent.] of their Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
[Instalment]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [18/19]) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
/ Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate / Applicable 
– 
Floating/Floating 
Rate / Floating/Fixed Rate / Not 
Applicable] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 16)] 
12. 
Put / Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [20/21])] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding / following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on 
an Interest Payment Date) / Applicable to 
the Interest Periods [preceding the 
Interest Period including / up to the end of 
the Interest Period including / from the 
Interest Period including / following the 
Interest Period including] the Switch Date 
(if the Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date) / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum [payable [annually 
/ semi-annually / quarterly / monthly / [●]] 
in arrear]  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and 
up to and including the Final Maturity 
Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as the case may be] 
(also specify the Interest Payment Dates 
if paragraph 8 above is applicable) 
(this may need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupon) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
[subject to the Broken Amount(s) referred 
to in sub-paragraph (iv) below]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (insert particulars 
of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF] 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-FBF] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F] 
[Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] in each year] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Final Maturity 
Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
15. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding / following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on 
an Interest Payment Date) / Applicable to 
the Interest Periods [preceding the 
Interest Period including / up to the end of 
the Interest Period including / from the 
Interest Period including / following the 
Interest Period including] the Switch Date 
(if the Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date) / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Payable [●] in arrear on [●] / [●]] 
(subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below) 
(also specify the Specified Interest 
Payment Dates if paragraph 8 above is 
applicable)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date 
[Specified Interest Payment Date / [●] 
(specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of 
the relevant business day convention is 
not intended to affect the Interest Amount) 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF 
Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
 
[[●] (specify) / Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
- 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify [EURIBOR or other] and 
months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of the first 
and/or last long or short interest accrual 
period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination) 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) / [●]] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
- 
Primary Source: 
[[●] (specify relevant screen page) / 
ISDAFIX2 / Reference Banks 
 
- 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[[●] (specify four) / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Paris / [●] (specify the financial centre 
most 
closely 
connected 
to 
the 
Benchmark)] 
 
- 
Representative Amount: 
[[●] (specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional 
amount) / Not Applicable]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[●] (specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement 
of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
- 
Specified Duration: 
[●] (specify period for quotation if not 
duration of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR or other] and months 
[e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of the first 
and/or last long or short interest accrual 
period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates 
used for such determination) 
(additional information if necessary) 
 
- 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR or other] and months 
[e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(a Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
 
delete) 
 
- 
[Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [●]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
- 
Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)b. / [●] 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number 
of days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five 
(5) days)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
- 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(if no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(if no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
- 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify 
the relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(if no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout 
will be five (5)) 
 
- 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable 
(specify 
the 
Shorter 
Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity, each as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0 / [●]] per cent. per annum]  
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable / [●] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-FBF] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F] 
[Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions, Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Notes Provisions, Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions or Floating/Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding the Switch Date (excluded) 
(if the Switch Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [preceding the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date / up to the end of the 
Interest Period including the Switch Date (if 
the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes), as though the Notes were Fixed 
Rate Notes / Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), as though the Notes 
were Floating Rate Notes] with further 
variables set out in paragraph [14/15] of 
these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [following the Switch Date (excluded) 
(if the Switch Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [from the Interest Period including the 
Switch Date / following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (if the Switch Date 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes), as though the Notes were Fixed 
Rate Notes / Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), as though the Notes 
were Floating Rate Notes], with further 
variables set out in paragraph [14/15] of 
these Final Terms

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch 
Date / Not Applicable (in the case of 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF] 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-FBF] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F] 
[Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
/ Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Maturity Extension Trigger Events: 
As per Condition 6(a) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period of any Maturity Extension 
 
Trigger Event:  
[●] 
19. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of each Note: 
[●] 
20. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:  [Optional Redemption Amount = [●]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Y = [●] per cent.] / [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
- 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
21. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:  [Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●] per cent.] / [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
early redemption as set out in the Conditions: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes:  
 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer form / administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) / fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name and 
address)] 
(note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to fully registered 
Notes only) 
24. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions relating 
to payment dates for the purposes of Condition [7(d)] 
(Business Days for Payment): 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give details. Note 
that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
period for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 14(ii) and 15(ii) relate)] 
25. 
Adjusted Payment Date: 
[The next following Business Day / The 
next following Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding 
Business 
Day 
/ 
The 
immediately preceding Business Day]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
26. 
Masse (Condition 10 (Representation of Noteholders)): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 (Representation of 
Noteholders) / [●] (Insert name and 
address of the Representative) / No 
Representative has been appointed in 
relation to the Notes as at the Issue Date] 
 
(ii)  
Alternate Representative: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (Insert name and 
address of the alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●] 
 
(iv)  
Issue outside France: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [●] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]7 
Signed on behalf of CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH: 
___________________________________ 
By: 
[●] 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
7 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[[Euronext Paris / [●] (specify other relevant 
regulated market)] with effect from [●] / Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] / [●] (specify 
relevant regulated market) with effect from 
[●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [●] 
(specify relevant regulated market)] with 
effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading 
on [●] / Not Applicable] 
(where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading)  
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
2. 
RATING[S] 
Rating[s]: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes to be issued 
[have been/are expected to be] rated]:  
[Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"): [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[[Each of] [Moody's] [and [●]] is established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). 
[Each 
of] 
[Moody's] [and [●]] is appearing on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on 
the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/cr

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
edit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation / the 
rating[s] given by [●] [has been / will be] 
endorsed by [●] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [●] may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the European 
Union in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if it has previously 
been published by rating provider) 
3. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating 
to the borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying that the value of the assets of the 
Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège with respect to 
such quarterly borrowing programme [and (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of the Notes 
certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of this issue and of the issues which have been the 
subject of previous attestations]8. 
4. 
OTHER ADVISORS 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, include a declaration which specifies the capacity 
in which the advisors have acted) 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: "Save for any fees paid to the Dealers in connection with the issue of the 
Notes and save as disclosed in section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer". When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
 
 
 
8 Only applicable if the amount of Notes issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
6. 
USE OF AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[See section entitled "Use of Proceeds" of the 
Base Prospectus / [●] (Give details)] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if the reasons for the offer are 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]  
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use, split out and present in order of priority. 
If proceeds are insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses, state amount and sources of 
other funding) 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – BENCHMARK  
Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment 
funds, as amended (the "Benchmark 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[●] is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation] / 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmark Regulation apply], such that 
[●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
FISN Code: 
[●] 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[●] 
(v) 
Depositaries:

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
- Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
- Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.: 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
 
[Yes / No] 
(vi) 
Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ix) 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
- 
Names of Managers: 
[●] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
TEFRA Not Applicable 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000) 
[PRIIPS REGULATION–PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, 
as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]9  
[10[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 201811 has led to the conclusion that: 
(i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels].12 
OR 
 
 
 
 
 
9 Legend to be included if (i) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or (ii) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the "Prohibition 
of sales to EEA retail investors" in Part B, item 11(xii) should also be specified as being "Applicable". 
10 This legend is applicable if following the "ICMA1" (professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only) target 
market approach. 
11 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be 
in October 2023. 
12 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (or item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
[13[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 201814 has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments ("MiFID II") / MiFID II]; EITHER 15[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]16] OR 17[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]18.] 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 This legend is applicable if following the "ICMA2" retail approach which would only be the case in relation to a low 
denomination issue and for bonds which are not ESMA complex or certain ESMA complex bonds only (as explained in the 
"ICMA2” paper available on the ICMA MiFID II/R in primary markets webpage: https://www. icmagroup.org/Regulatory-
Policy-and-Market-Practice/Primary-Markets/primary-market-topics/mifid-ii-r-in-primary-markets/). 
14 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be 
in October 2023. 
15 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
16 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be 
appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
17 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed 
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
18 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of 
suitability will be necessary. 
19 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (or item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500DDQOQPU5PDGB36 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €82,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Series No.: [●] 
Tranche No.: [●] 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 July 2023 which received approval no. 23-326 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 20 July 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement dated [●] which 
received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / the Prospectus 
Regulation]. References below to a numbered "Condition" is to the corresponding numbered paragraph of section 
entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the Base Prospectus. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]20 [is] [are] available for viewing 
on the websites of (i) the Issuer (https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations and (ii) the AMF (www.amf-france.org)[, and copies may be obtained, upon 
request and free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer]. [In addition21, the 
Base Prospectus[, the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] 
[●].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
Notes 
become 
 
fungible: 
 
[The 
Notes 
will 
be 
assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series and 
be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [●] (insert description of the 
relevant Series) (the "Existing Notes") on 
[●] / Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro ("€")] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
(insert amount or, in the case of a public 
offer, manner in which and date and time 
in which such amount is to be made 
public) 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
 
 
 
 
20 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
21 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus an amount corresponding 
to accrued interest at a rate of [●] per cent. 
of such Aggregate Nominal Amount for 
the period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the Issue Date (only applicable 
in the case of assimilated Notes)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
(the rules and procedures of the Relevant 
Regulated 
Market(s) 
and 
clearing 
system(s) shall be taken into account 
where 
choosing 
a 
Specified 
Denomination)  
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] (specify) / Issue Date / Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[●]  
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for 
Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) / Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis / Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR or other] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[Floating/Fixed Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [14/15/16/17]) 
10. 
Redemption / Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be,] at [100 per cent. / [●] per 
cent.] of their Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
[Instalment]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [18/19]) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
/ Applicable 
– 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate / Applicable 
– 
Floating/Floating 
Rate / Applicable – Floating/Fixed Rate / 
Not Applicable] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 16)] 
12. 
Put / Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraphs [20/21])] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding / following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on 
an Interest Payment Date) / Applicable to 
the Interest Periods [preceding the 
Interest Period including / up to the end of 
the Interest Period including / from the 
Interest Period including / following the 
Interest Period including] the Switch Date 
(if the Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date) / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum [payable [annually 
/ semi-annually / quarterly / monthly / [●]] 
in arrear]  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year commencing on [●] and 
up to and including the Final Maturity 
Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as the case may be] 
(also specify the Interest Payment Dates 
if paragraph 8 above is applicable) 
(this may need to be amended in the case 
of long or short coupon) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
[subject to the Broken Amount(s) referred 
to in sub-paragraph (iv) below]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (insert particulars 
of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF] 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-FBF] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F] 
[Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] in each year] 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date or Final Maturity 
Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA) 
15. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding / following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on 
an Interest Payment Date) / Applicable to 
the Interest Periods [preceding the 
Interest Period including / up to the end of 
the Interest Period including / from the 
Interest Period including / following the 
Interest Period including] the Switch Date 
(if the Switch Date does not fall on an 
Interest Payment Date) / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Payable [●] in arrear on [●] / [●]] 
(subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below) 
(also specify the Specified Interest 
Payment Dates if paragraph 8 above is 
applicable)

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date 
[Specified Interest Payment Date / [●] 
(specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention / Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(insert "unadjusted" if the application of 
the relevant business day convention is 
not intended to affect the Interest Amount) 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination / FBF 
Determination / ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent):  
 
 
[[●] (specify) / Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
- 
Benchmark: 
[●] (specify [EURIBOR or other] and 
months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of the first 
and/or last long or short interest accrual 
period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used 
for such determination) 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) / [●]] 
 
- 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
- 
Primary Source: 
[[●] (specify relevant screen page) / 
ISDAFIX2 / Reference Banks 
 
- 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[[●] (specify four) / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Paris / [●] (specify the financial centre 
most 
closely 
connected 
to 
the 
Benchmark)] 
 
- 
Representative Amount: 
[[●] (specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional 
amount) / Not Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[●] (specify if quotations are not to be 
obtained with effect from commencement 
of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
- 
Specified Duration: 
[●] (specify period for quotation if not 
duration of Interest Accrual Period) 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR or other] and months 
[e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of the first 
and/or last long or short interest accrual 
period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two (2) rates 
used for such determination) 
(additional information if necessary) 
 
- 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(specify [EURIBOR or other] and months 
[e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))  
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(a Designated Maturity period is not 
relevant where the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
(sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected – otherwise, 
 
delete) 
 
- 
[Calculation Period: 
[●] 
 
- 
Fixing Day: 
[●] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
Interest Commencement Date / [●]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
- 
Termination Date: 
As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)b. / [●] 
 
- 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number 
of days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five 
(5) days)] / [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(only applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is an overnight rate) 
 
- 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(if no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(if no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5)) 
 
- 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
 
[●] 
 
- 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify 
the relevant financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(if no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout 
will be five (5)) 
 
- 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
 
[Applicable 
(specify 
the 
Shorter 
Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity, each as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0 / [●]] per cent. per annum]  
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable / [●] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-FBF] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F] 
[Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes Provisions, Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Notes Provisions, Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions or Floating/Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding the Switch Date (excluded) 
(if the Switch Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [preceding the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date / up to the end of the 
Interest Period including the Switch Date (if 
the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes), as though the Notes were Fixed 
Rate Notes / Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), as though the Notes 
were Floating Rate Notes] with further 
variables set out in paragraph [14/15] of 
these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [following the Switch Date (excluded) 
(if the Switch Date falls on an Interest Payment 
Date)] / [from the Interest Period including the 
Switch Date / following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (if the Switch Date 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes), as though the Notes were Fixed 
Rate Notes / Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes), as though the Notes 
were Floating Rate Notes], with further 
variables set out in paragraph [14/15] of 
these Final Terms

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch 
Date / Not Applicable (in the case of 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365-FBF] 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / Act/Act-
ISDA] 
[Actual/Actual-FBF] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / 
A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F] 
[Actual/360 / Act/360 / A/360] 
[30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
/ Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Maturity Extension Trigger Events: 
As per Condition 6(a) 
 
(ii) 
Notice period of any Maturity Extension 
 
Trigger Event:  
[●] 
19. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of each Note: 
[●] 
20. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:  [Optional Redemption Amount = [●]

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Y = [●] per cent.] / [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
- 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
21. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note:  [Optional Redemption Amount = [●] 
Y = [●] per cent.] / [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
early redemption as set out in the Conditions: 
 
[[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes:  
 
 
(i) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer form / administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) / fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name and 
address)] 
(note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to fully registered 
Notes only) 
24. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions relating 
to payment dates for the purposes of Condition 7(d) 
(Business Days for Payment): 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give details. Note 
that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the end dates of interest 
period for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 14(ii) and 15(ii) relate)] 
25. 
Adjusted Payment Date: 
[The next following Business Day / The 
next following Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately 
preceding 
Business 
Day 
/ 
The 
immediately preceding Business Day]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
26. 
Masse (Condition 10 (Representation of Noteholders)): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 (Representation of 
Noteholders) / [●] (Insert name and 
address of the Representative) / No 
Representative has been appointed in 
relation to the Notes as at the Issue Date] 
 
(ii)  
Alternate Representative: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (Insert name and 
address of the alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●] 
 
(iv)  
Issue outside France: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [●] (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]22 
Signed on behalf of CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH: 
___________________________________ 
By: 
[●] 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
22 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[[Euronext Paris / [●] (specify other relevant 
regulated market)] with effect from [●] / Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Paris] / [●] (specify 
relevant regulated market) with effect from 
[●].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / [●] 
(specify relevant regulated market)] with 
effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading 
on [●] / Not Applicable] 
(where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading)  
2. 
RATING[S] 
Rating[s]: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes to be issued 
[have been/are expected to be] rated]:  
[Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"): [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]]]  
[[Each of] [Moody's] [and [●]] is established 
in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"). 
[Each 
of] 
[Moody's] [and [●]] is appearing on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on 
the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/cr
edit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.] 
[[●] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation / the 
rating[s] given by [●] [has been / will be] 
endorsed by [●] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [●] may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the European 
Union in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if it has previously 
been published by rating provider) 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The AMF [has been requested to provide / has provided [●] (include names of competent 
authorities of host member states) with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [as supplemented] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has delivered [(i)] a certificate relating 
to the borrowing programme for the current quarter certifying that the value of the assets of the 
Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège with respect to 
such quarterly borrowing programme [and (ii) a certificate relating to the issue of the Notes 
certifying that the value of the assets of the Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège after settlement of this issue and of the issues which have been the 
subject of previous attestations]23. 
5. 
OTHER ADVISORS 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, include a declaration which specifies the capacity 
in which the advisors have acted) 
6. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(Include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: "Save for any fees paid to the Dealers in connection with the issue of the 
Notes and save as disclosed in section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of the Base Prospectus, so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer". When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
 
 
 
 
23 Only applicable if the amount of Notes issued equals or exceeds €500,000,000.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds: 
[See section entitled "Use of Proceeds" of the 
Base Prospectus / [●] (Give details)] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if the reasons for the offer are 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use, split out and present in order of priority. 
If proceeds are insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses, state amount and sources of 
other funding) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
(Include breakdown of expenses) 
8. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
9. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
(i) 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR / [●] 
(insert any other reference rate)] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [●]. 
(ii) 
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
pursuant 
to 
Article 
36 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment 
funds, as amended (the "Benchmark 
Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[[●] is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation] / 
[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmark Regulation apply], such that 
[●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(ii) 
FISN Code: 
[●] 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[●] 
(v) 
Depositaries: 
- Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
- Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes / No] 
 
 
[Yes / No] 
(vi) 
Name(s) and address(es) of any clearing 
system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ix) 
Name and address of Calculation Agent 
(if any): 
 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
 
- 
Names of Managers: 
[●] 
 
- 
Date 
of 
[subscription] 
agreement: 
 
[●] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(v) 
Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission: 
 
 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Tranche 
(vi) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Not Applicable / An offer of the Notes may 
be made by the Dealer(s) other than pursuant 
to Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[●] (specify state(s) – which must be France 
and/or a member state of the EEA to which 
the AMF has provided a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus 
(and, if applicable, any supplement related

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
thereto) has been drawn up in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation) (the "Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions") during the 
period from [●] (specify date) to [●] (specify 
date) (the "Offer Period").] 
(viii) 
Authorised Offeror(s) granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the conditions in it: 
 
 
Not Applicable 
(ix) 
General consent: 
Not Applicable 
(x) 
Other Authorised Offeror(s) terms: 
Not Applicable 
(xi) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
TEFRA Not Applicable 
(xii) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
12. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price / [●] (specify)] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give details)] 
Description of the application process: 
[●] 
Description 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
 
 
[●] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount 
of the application (whether in number of securities 
or aggregate amount to invest): 
 
 
[●] 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up 
and delivery of the Notes: 
 
[●] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer are 
to be made public: 
 
[●] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
 
 
[●] 
Whether one or more Tranches are reserved for 
some countries: 
 
[●] 
Procedure for notifying applicants of the allocated 
amount and indication whether the dealing may 
begin before the notification is made: 
 
 
[●] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[●] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
PRIIPs such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, 
also include that information) 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are known by the 
Issuer, of the dealers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place: 
 
 
[●] 
[Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of their 
commitment:] 
 
 
 
 
[None / [●] (give details)]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Issue specific summary 
[Insert issue specific summary]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
"AMF") in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and has received approval number 23-326 on 20 July 2023. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 20 July 2024, provided that the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus in no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 
twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris. 
Application may also be made to the competent authority of any other member state of the EEA for Notes 
to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of any member state of the EEA or any other stock 
exchange. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme.  
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under 
French law, requires the prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. 
The board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer may delegate to any person, the power to 
decide on the issue of such Notes within a period of one (1) year. 
For this purpose, on 15 June 2023, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer has 
(i) authorised the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat under the Programme for maximum 
nominal amount of €82,000,000,000 for a period of one year and (ii) delegated to the chief executive officer 
(directeur général) and the vice chief executive officers (directeur généraux délégués) the power to issue 
such Notes.  
(3) 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's"). The rating of the relevant Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer is 
not rated. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
Moody's is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") and appearing on the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation published by the ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk). 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022. 
(5) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
(6) 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the period of 
twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of the Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(7) 
Save as disclosed in section entitled "Relationship Between Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
and Crédit Agricole SA and other members of the Group" on pages 90 to 91 of this Base Prospectus, there 
are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued under the Programme. 
(8) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de la 
Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and 
Clearstream (42, avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) Code, the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
Code and/or the Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) Code or the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(9) 
The Issuer's statutory auditors are: 
- 
Deloitte & Associés, 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris La Défense Cedex, France ; and 
- 
Mazars, 61, rue Henri Régnault, 92400 Courbevoie, France, 
both entities being registered with the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (official 
statutory auditors' representative body) and subject to the authority of the Haut Conseil du Commissariat 
aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors).  
(10) 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23 to L.513-24 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique), and a substitute specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are appointed by 
the board of directors of the Issuer with the approval of the French Resolution and Prudential Control 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR"). 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) ensures that the Issuer complies with the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (in particular, verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the cover 
ratios). He also monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and 
maturity (cash flow adequacy) and notifies the board of directors of the Issuer and ACPR if he considers 
such balance to be unsatisfactory. The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) attends all shareholders' 
meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of directors (Article L.513-23 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code). 
Pursuant to Article L.513-12 and R.513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the specific 
controller (contrôleur spécifique) certifies that the rule providing that the amount of Eligible Assets (as 
defined in section entitled "Risk factors") of the Issuer is greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue of notes 
or debts benefiting from the Privilège in a principal amount equal to or above €500,000,000. 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique titulaire) of the Issuer is Cailliau Dedouit et Associés, 19 
rue Clément Marot, 75008 Paris, France, represented by Mr. Laurent Brun. The substitute specific 
controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant) is Mr. Rémi Savournin. 
(11) 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms relating to any Notes listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt 
offer in any member state of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published on 
the websites of (i) the Issuer (https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings) in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations and (ii) the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other 
than Euronext Paris or, the relevant Final Terms will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms will be published on the websites of (i) the relevant Regulated Market and/or (ii) 
the relevant competent authority.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(12) 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will also be available for 
inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours, on any weekday at 
the registered office of the Issuer (12, place des Etats-Unis, 92120 Montrouge, France) and, except for the 
documents referred to in sub-paragraph (c) below, on the website of the Issuer (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/en/finance/debt-and-ratings):  
(a) 
the up to date by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the most recently published audited non-consolidated financial statements and (if any) interim 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which notably includes the form of the lettre comptable attached as a 
schedule thereto); 
(d) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any other Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer 
in any member state of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time or further Base Prospectus and any document incorporated therein; and 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus or in any supplement to the Base Prospectus, including the certificate of the specific 
controller (contrôleur spécifique) in respect of each issue of Notes in a principal amount equal to or 
above €500,000,000. 
(13) 
The yield of the Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield will be 
calculated at the time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(14) 
Amounts payable under the Notes bearing floating rates of interest are calculated by reference to 
benchmarks such as EURIBOR or any other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Benchmarks"). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes bearing floating rates of interest 
will specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant Benchmark administrator and whether such Benchmark 
administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or 
the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
(15) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500DDQOQPU5PDGB36. 
(16) 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/dette-et-notations/emissions-
marche/ca-financement-de-l-habitat-sfh-covered-bonds. The information contained on such website and 
on any other website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I, to the best of my knowledge, declare that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Montrouge, 20 July 2023 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Financement de l'Habitat SFH 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92120 Montrouge 
France 
duly represented by Mr. Jean-Marc Pinaud 
in his capacity as chief executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes described 
in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the opportunity of investing in such 
Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 20 July 2023 and is valid until 20 July 2024 and shall be within that 
period pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in 
the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has received the following 
approval number: 23-326.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
 
€ 
€ ............................................................................. 97, 115 
1 
1988 Guarantee ............................................................ 57 
3 
30/360 ............................................................................ 36 
30E/360 ......................................................................... 36 
360/360 .......................................................................... 36 
A 
A/360 ............................................................................. 36 
A/365 (Fixed) ................................................................ 36 
A/365 F ......................................................................... 36 
Account Holder ............................................................ 33 
Accrual Period ............................................................. 36 
ACPR .......................................................... 1, 55, 82, 134 
Act/360 .......................................................................... 36 
Act/365 (Fixed) ............................................................. 36 
Act/Act .......................................................................... 35 
Act/Act-ICMA ............................................................. 35 
Act/Act-ISDA ............................................................... 35 
Actual/360 .................................................................... 36 
Actual/365 .................................................................... 35 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................................... 36 
Actual/365-FBF ............................................................ 35 
Actual/Actual ............................................................... 35 
Actual/Actual-FBF ...................................................... 35 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ................................................... 35 
Actual/Actual-ISDA .................................................... 35 
Adjusted Payment Date .............................................. 51 
Adjustment Spread ...................................................... 43 
Administrative Agreement.......................................... 90 
Administrator .............................................................. 18 
Administrator/Benchmark Event............................... 43 
Advance ........................................................................ 16 
Agency Agreement ...................................................... 33 
Alternative Rate ........................................................... 44 
AMF .............................................. 1, 10, 33, 97, 115, 133 
Amortisation Yield ...................................................... 48 
Amortised Nominal Amount....................................... 48 
Arrangers ....................................................................... 7 
Asset Cover Ratio ........................................................ 25 
Asset Cover Test .......................................................... 14 
Auto-held Notes ........................................................... 49 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ........................... 45 
B 
Bank .............................................................................. 51 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive .................. 24 
Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive ............ 88 
Base Prospectus .................................... 1, 31, 33, 97, 115 
Benchmark .................................................................. 35 
Benchmark Regulation ............ 21, 27, 44, 110, 128, 135 
Benchmarks .............................................................. 135 
Bond Basis ................................................................... 36 
Borrower .................................................................49, 90 
Borrower Debt ............................................................. 49 
Broken Amount ........................................................... 38 
BRRD ......................................................................24, 88 
BRRD II ....................................................................... 88 
BRRD Revision ........................................................... 88 
Business Centre(s) ....................................................... 35 
Business Day ...........................................................35, 51 
C 
Calculation Agent............................................. 39, 40, 41 
Calculation Agent(s) ................................................... 33 
Calculation Period ...................................................... 35 
Calculation Services Agreement ................................ 91 
Cash Collateral ............................................................ 14 
Cash Collateral Provider ............................................ 14 
Change of Interest Basis ............................................. 44 
Clearstream ..............................................................1, 33 
CNCA ........................................................................... 55 
Collateral Providers .................................................... 15 
Collateral Providers Agent ......................................... 15 
Collateral Security ...................................................... 16 
Collateral Security Agreement ..............................90, 91 
Collateral Security Assets ........................................... 15 
Collective Decisions ..................................................... 51 
Compounding with Lockout ...................................... 41 
Compounding with Lookback .................................... 41 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift .......... 41 
Conditions ................................................... 7, 33, 97, 115 
Covered Bond Directive.........................................58, 82 
Covered Bond Regulation .......................................... 58 
CRA Regulation ............... 1, 11, 108, 109, 126, 127, 133 
CRBF Regulation ........................................................ 82 
Crédit Agricole Entities .............................................. 15 
Crédit Agricole Group ...........................................37, 55 
D 
D1 .................................................................................. 36 
D2 .................................................................................. 36 
Day Count Fraction .................................................... 35 
Dealer ........................................................................... 33 
Dealer Agreement ....................................................... 92 
Dealers ........................................................................... 7 
Delayed Payment ......................................................... 41 
Designated Maturity ..............................................40, 41 
Determination Date ..................................................... 36 
Determination Period ................................................. 36

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
distributor ................................................ 5, 95, 112, 113 
E 
Early Redemption Amount ......................................... 45 
ECB Ineligibility Event ............................................... 49 
EEA ............................................................ 1, 10, 95, 112 
Effective Date ......................................................... 37, 41 
Electronic Consent ...................................................... 52 
Eligible Assets .............................................................. 25 
ESMA ....................................................................... 1, 11 
EURIBOR .................................................................... 35 
Euro Zone .................................................................... 37 
Eurobond Basis ............................................................ 36 
Euroclear .................................................................. 1, 33 
Event of Default ........................................................... 15 
Exercise Notice ............................................................. 48 
Existing Notes ...................................................... 97, 115 
Extended Final Maturity Date .................................... 46 
F 
Facility Agreement ................................................ 49, 90 
FBF Definitions ............................................................ 37 
FBF Rate ...................................................................... 39 
Final Maturity Date ................................................. 8, 46 
Final Redemption Amount ..................................... 8, 46 
Final Terms ............................................ 1, 8, 33, 97, 115 
Financial Centre(s) ...................................................... 51 
Fiscal Agent .................................................................. 33 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................................ 38 
Fixed Rate .................................................................... 26 
Fixed Rate Notes .......................................................... 33 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes ............................................... 33 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes ........................................... 33 
Floating Rate .................................................... 39, 40, 41 
Floating Rate Determination Date ............................. 39 
Floating Rate Notes ..................................................... 33 
Floating Rate Option ............................................. 40, 41 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes ...................................... 33 
Following Business Day Convention .................... 37, 39 
French Commercial Code ........................................... 34 
French Consumer Code .............................................. 17 
French Monetary and Financial Code ............. 1, 33, 57 
G 
General Meeting .......................................................... 52 
Group ........................................................................... 37 
H 
Hedging Agreements ................................................... 91 
holder of any Notes ...................................................... 34 
Home Loan Guarantee ................................................ 18 
Home Loan Receivables .............................................. 16 
Home Loan Security .................................................... 15 
Home Loans ................................................................. 14 
I 
Insurance Distribution Directive .................... 4, 95, 112 
Interest Accrual Period .............................................. 37 
Interest Amount .......................................................... 37 
Interest Commencement Date .................................... 37 
Interest Determination Date....................................... 37 
Interest Payment Date ................................................ 37 
Interest Period ............................................................. 37 
Interest Period Date .................................................... 37 
ISDA Definitions ....................................................35, 37 
ISDA Rate ...............................................................39, 40 
Issuer .........................................................................1, 33 
Issuer Accounts Agreement ........................................ 90 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis .................................. 45 
L 
LEI ................................................................................. 7 
local time ...................................................................... 38 
Lockout ........................................................................ 41 
Lockout Period Business Day ..................................... 41 
Lookback ..................................................................... 41 
M 
M1 ................................................................................. 36 
M2 ................................................................................. 36 
Market Interest Rate .................................................. 26 
Masse .......................................................................10, 51 
Master Definitions and Construction Agreement..... 91 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event ............................ 47 
Maximum Rate of Interest ......................................... 37 
Maximum Redemption Amount ................................ 37 
Members of the Crédit Agricole Network ................. 56 
MiFID II ............................................. 1, 92, 95, 112, 113 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .............................. 5 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio ............ 86 
Minimum Rate of Interest .......................................... 37 
Minimum Redemption Amount ................................. 37 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ....37, 39 
Moody's ....................................................... 108, 126, 133 
Mortgage ...................................................................... 15 
N 
Non-exempt offer ........................................................ 93 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions .............................. 130 
Noteholder ................................................................... 34 
Noteholders .................................................................. 15 
Notes .................................................. 1, 7, 33, 53, 97, 115 
O 
Observation Period Shift ............................................ 41 
offer .............................................................................. 92 
offer of Notes to the public ......................................... 93 
Offer Period ............................................................... 130 
OIS Compounding ...................................................... 41

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Optional Redemption Amount ................................... 49 
Ordonnance.................................................................. 88 
Original Reference Rate .............................................. 44 
Other Legally Eligible Assets ...................................... 84 
Outsourcing and Services Agreement ........................ 90 
outstanding ................................................................... 37 
Overcollateralisation Ratio ......................................... 86 
Overnight Floating Rate Option................................. 41 
P 
Page .............................................................................. 37 
Paying Agent ................................................................ 33 
Period End Date........................................................... 41 
Permanent Dealers ........................................................ 7 
Permitted Investments ................................................ 18 
Preceding Business Day Convention .................... 38, 39 
PRIIPs Regulation ........................................... 4, 95, 112 
Primary Source ............................................................ 38 
Principal Financial Centre .......................................... 42 
Privilège .............................................................. 7, 34, 85 
Programme ................................................................ 1, 7 
Prospectus Regulation ..........1, 31, 92, 97, 112, 115, 133 
R 
Rate of Interest ............................................................ 38 
Recovery Framework .................................................. 88 
Reference Banks .......................................................... 38 
Regional Banks ............................................................ 55 
Registration Agent ....................................................... 33 
Regulated Market .............................................. 1, 11, 46 
Regulation S ................................................................. 11 
Relevant Date ............................................................... 38 
Relevant Financial Centre .......................................... 38 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................................... 44 
Relevant Rate ............................................................... 38 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent .......................... 38 
Relevant State .............................................................. 93 
Relevant Time .............................................................. 38 
Replacement Relevant Rate .................................. 38, 42 
Representative ............................................................. 51 
Representative Amount ............................................... 38 
Reset Date .............................................................. 40, 41 
Resolution Authority ................................................... 24 
Resolution Tools and Powers ...................................... 89 
RGAMF ....................................................................... 48 
Risk Factors ................................................................... 1 
S 
Series .........................................................................8, 34 
Set in Advance ............................................................. 41 
SFH Legal Framework ............................................... 82 
Specified Currency...................................................... 38 
Specified Denomination .............................................. 33 
Specified Duration ...................................................... 38 
SRB .............................................................................. 24 
SRM Regulation .......................................................... 24 
Successor Rate ............................................................. 44 
Supplement .................................................................. 31 
Swap Transaction...................................................40, 41 
Switch Date .................................................................. 44 
T 
T2 ................................................................................. 35 
TARGET Business Day .............................................. 35 
Terms and Conditions .................................................. 33 
Tranche .......................................................................... 8 
Transaction .................................................................. 39 
U 
unit ............................................................................... 45 
United States .................................................................. 2 
W 
Written Majority Decision ......................................... 52 
Written Majority Decision Date ................................ 52 
Written Unanimous Decision ..................................... 52 
Y 
Y ................................................................................... 49 
Y1 .................................................................................. 36 
Y2 .................................................................................. 36 
Z 
Zero Coupon Notes ..................................................... 33

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Issuer 
CREDIT AGRICOLE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT SFH 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92120 Montrouge 
France 
Arrangers 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Permanent Dealer 
CREDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
UPTEVIA 
89-91, rue Gabriel Péri 
92120 Montrouge 
France 
Auditors to the Issuer 
DELOITTE & ASSOCIES 
6, place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
MAZARS 
61, rue Henri Régnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
Specific controller and substitute specific controller to the Issuer 
LAURENT BRUN (CAILLIAU DEDOUIT ET  
ASSOCIES)  
19, rue Clément Marot  
75008 Paris  
France 
REMI SAVOURIN  
19, rue Clément Marot  
75008 Paris  
France 
Legal Advisers to the Arrangers and to the Permanent Dealer 
CMS FRANCIS LEFEBVRE AVOCATS 
2, rue Ancelle  
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France