--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 16 February 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(duly licensed French specialised credit institution) 
€40,000,000,000 COVERED BOND PROGRAM 
for the issue of Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat 
 
Under the Covered Bond Program described in this Base Prospectus (the "Program"), Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with 
all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue covered bonds (known as "obligations de financement de l'habitat") to be governed by 
French law or German law (respectively, the "French law Covered Bonds" and the "German law Covered Bonds" and together, the "Covered Bonds"). The 
German law Covered Bonds are subject to terms and conditions not included in and are not offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer is licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of a société de financement de l'habitat ("SFH") by the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR"), governed by Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as they may be 
amended from time to time, in particular as they will be amended by the entry into force of the relevant provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 
dated 30 June 2021 which transposes under French law Directive (EU) No. 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on 
the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Covered Bonds Directive”). All Covered 
Bonds will benefit from the statutory priority in right of payment over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (the "Privilège"), as more fully described herein. 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding will not at any time exceed €40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue). 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the base prospectus dated 17 February 2021 and shall be in force for a period of one year as of 16 February 2022. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in any member state of the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") (a "Member State") in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) will be 
€ 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary 
authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds – Interest 
and other Calculations"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France as competent authority in France under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus is only relevant for the French law Covered Bonds. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the French law Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the French law Covered Bonds.  
Application may be made for the French law Covered Bonds issued under the Program during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. The regulated market of Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014, as amended from time to time ("MiFID II"), within the EEA, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the 
European Securities Market Authority (the "ESMA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). French law Covered Bonds issued under the Program may 
also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other Regulated Market in any Member State. The relevant final terms (a form 
of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any French law Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not such French law Covered 
Bonds will be listed and admitted to trading on any market and, if so, the relevant market. The German law Covered Bonds will not be admitted to trading nor listed 
on any market or stock exchange. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") or any state securities 
laws, and are being offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
The Covered Bonds will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and (except in respect of the first payment of 
interest) on terms otherwise identical, the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on different issue dates. The specific terms of each Series will be set forth in the Final Terms.  
The Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS ("Moody’s"), AAA by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P") and AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") (together, the "Rating Agencies"). The rating of the relevant French law Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by 
the ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/page/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
After the entry into force of the relevant provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 on 8 July 2022 transposing the Covered 
Bonds Directive, the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program are intended to be eligible for being included on the list of obligations de financement 
de l’habitat that are entitled to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label to be published by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution, 
subject to verification by the Specific Controller that the conditions are satisfied and prior approval and supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de resolution. However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Covered Bond to be issued under the Program will actually be and remain 
allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be (i) available on the Issuer section of the website of Crédit Agricole 
S.A. (www.credit-agricole.com) and (ii) filed with the AMF. 
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the French law Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base 
Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the French law Covered Bonds described in this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the opportunity of investing in such French law Covered Bonds. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 16 February 2022 and is valid until 16 February 2023 and shall be within that period pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has 
received the following approval number: 22-036. 
 
 
The approval number 22-036 granted by the AMF on 16 February 2022 to this Base Prospectus is only applicable for French law Covered Bonds, and is not relevant, 
in any case, for German law Covered Bonds. 
 
 
ARRANGERS  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
PERMANENT DEALER 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB

--- Page 3 ---
3 
None of the Covered Bonds have been or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Covered Bonds 
may include Covered Bonds in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold or, in the case of bearer Covered Bonds, delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
The Covered Bonds are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). For a description of these and certain further restrictions 
on offers, sales and transfers of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Plan of Distribution". 
French law Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Covered Bonds") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-3 et 
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds. Dematerialised Covered Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from 
the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders 
(as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") 
including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream") or (ii) in registered 
form (au nominatif) and, in such a latter case, at the option of the relevant Bondholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of 
the French law Covered Bonds - Definitions"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders 
designated by the relevant Bondholder. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France, Australia and the 
United States. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") 
will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Covered Bonds. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be 
exchanged for definitive Materialised Covered Bonds with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds"), on or after the fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Covered Bonds (subject to postponement 
as described in "Temporary Global Certificates in respect of French law Covered Bonds which are Materialised Covered 
Bonds") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will 
(a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream be deposited on the issue date with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system 
other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement(s) thereto that may be published from time to time), which contains or 
incorporates by reference all relevant information required, inter alias, pursuant to Annexes VI, VII, XIV, XV, XXII and 
XXVIII of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 dated 14 March 2019, concerning the Issuer as well as the base 
terms and conditions of the French law Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program, constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by reference all relevant information 
concerning the Issuer which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
profit and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, as well as the rights attaching to the French law Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Program. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche not contained herein (including, 
without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, the issue price, the redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable 
thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any document and/or information which is 
incorporated herein by reference in the form provided for by the European Commission Delegated Regulation no. 2019/979 
dated 14 March 2019 and the European Commission Delegated Regulation no. 2019/980 dated 14 March 2019 (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), as well as in relation to any Tranche of French law Covered Bonds, with 
the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement(s) thereto that may be published from time 
to time) may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.  
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. Neither any of the Arrangers nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with 
the Program (including any information incorporated by reference therein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or 
other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Program should purchase the 
Covered Bonds. Each prospective investor in the Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information

--- Page 4 ---
4 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary.  
None of the Arrangers nor any of the Dealers undertake to review the financial or general condition of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or prospective investor in the 
Covered Bonds of any information that may come to the attention of the Dealers or the Arrangers. None of the Arrangers, 
the Dealers nor the Issuer make any representation to any prospective investor on the Covered Bonds regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the Covered Bonds should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an indefinite period of time. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arrangers 
or the Dealers (as defined in "Overview of the Program"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arrangers and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arrangers or the 
Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Accordingly, no Covered Bond may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered 
Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States of America, Japan, the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), 
the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Covered Bonds are transferred or other 
jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from 
the Covered Bonds. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Covered Bonds. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained 
in the section “Taxation” of this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation 
with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Covered Bonds. Only these advisors are in a position to 
duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial transactions tax 
("FTT") in the scope of which transactions in the Covered Bonds may fall. The scope of any such tax is still uncertain as well 
as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the 
Covered Bonds would be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for the Covered Bonds may be diminished. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Covered Bonds 
and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Covered Bonds as an investment 
in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Covered Bonds involve a high degree of risk and potential 
investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Covered Bonds. In particular, each 
prospective investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, and weigh the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds. The prospective investor should have sufficient knowledge in experience 
for the purpose of properly evaluating the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 5 ---
5 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact the relevant Covered Bonds will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, including 
Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one (1) or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or 
interest payments is different from the prospective investor's currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets and with the regulatory framework applicable to the Issuer; 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and 
other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; and 
(vi) be aware, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, of the applicable restrictions (if 
any) on its ability to invest in Covered Bonds generally and in any particular type of Covered Bonds. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to overall portfolios. A prospective investor should 
not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of such Covered Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the investor's overall investment portfolio. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any French law Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the French law 
Covered Bonds are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the French law Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the French law Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any French law Covered Bonds 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the French law Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the French law Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the French law Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any French law Covered 
Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the French law Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the French law Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the French law Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the French law Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
French law Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such French law Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any French law Covered 
Bonds may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the French law Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the French law Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the French law Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the French law Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any French law Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such French law Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Covered Bonds and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see "Plan of Distribution". 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", "euro" and 
"EUR" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that have adopted the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union and as 
amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to the lawful currency of the United 
States of America, references "£", "Pound Sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, 
references to "¥", "JPY" and to "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to "CHF" and 
"Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. In this Base Prospectus, any references to "euro equivalent" 
means the euro equivalent amount of the relevant amount denominated in the Specified Currency (as defined in Section 
"Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds"), provided that, if any Borrower Advance is denominated in a 
Specified Currency and the Issuer and the Borrower have agreed in advance the foreign exchange rate that will be applicable, 
in the final terms for the related Borrower Advance, then the Eligible Assets transferred by the Collateral Providers in 
accordance with the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement, as security for the repayment of such Borrower 
Advance shall secure the "euro equivalent" amount of such Borrower Advance and shall be calculated using the above 
mentioned pre-agreed foreign exchange rate if an Issuer Hedging Agreement is entered into by the Issuer in relation to the 
corresponding Covered Bonds issue hedging the currency at the same pre-agreed exchange rate.  
The information on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM ........................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 14 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE BASE PROSPECTUS38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 40 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ......................................................................................................... 45 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................. 46 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................... 47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW COVERED BONDS ............................................. 49 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF FRENCH LAW COVERED BONDS WHICH ARE 
MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS ............................................................................................................. 98 
THE ISSUER...................................................................................................................................................... 100 
SUMMARY OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER SELECTED LEGAL ASPECTS ... 117 
THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS ........................................................................................................ 125 
ASSET MONITORING .................................................................................................................................... 164 
CASH FLOW ..................................................................................................................................................... 173 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS ..................................................................................................... 178 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 181 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION .............................................................................................................................. 184 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ........................................................................................................................... 193 
[ANNEX - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] .................................................................................................... 215 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 ........................................................................................................................... 216 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 235 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............ 239

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
 
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder 
of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of French law Covered Bonds, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Program for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds” below and in the relevant Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings in this General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
 
Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH, a limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under French law and duly licensed in France as a 
specialized credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the 
status of société de financement de l'habitat delivered by the ACPR 
 
LEI of the Issuer: 
 
969500C9913Z7PKUGB44 
Description: 
 
Covered Bond Program for the issue of Obligations de Financement de 
l’Habitat 
 
Program Size: 
 
Up to €40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Program. 
 
Risk Factors: 
 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks which should 
be assessed prior to making any investment decision. 
For any information on the risks relating to the Issuer and the French law 
Covered Bonds, investors and/or Bondholders should refer to section 
“Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Arrangers: 
 
 
Crédit Agricole S.A. and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Dealers: 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank as Permanent Dealer and 
any additional permanent dealer appointed in respect of the Program in 
accordance with the Dealer Agreement (and whose appointment has not 
been terminated). 
 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent in 
respect of French law Covered Bonds: 
 
CACEIS Corporate Trust 
Rating Agencies: 
Moody's France SAS, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited 
 
Specific Controller: 
Stéphane Massa (Fides Audit) 
 
Substitute Specific Controller: 
Martine Leconte – Cabinet RSM 
 
Rating: 
 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program are expected on issue to 
be rated Aaa by Moody's France SAS, AAA by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (together, the 
"Rating Agencies"). The rating of the French law Covered Bonds will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Issuer is not rated. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is 
established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). A rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject

--- Page 9 ---
9 
to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
 
Distribution: 
 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis.  
 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one 
or more issue dates (each an "Issue Date") and on terms otherwise 
identical. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on 
the same or different Issue Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche will 
be set out in the relevant final terms to this Base Prospectus (the "Final 
Terms"). 
 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
 
French law Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Covered 
Bonds") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Covered Bonds"). 
 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder, in either fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer form only. A temporary 
global certificate will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Covered Bonds. Materialised Covered Bonds may only be 
issued outside of France. 
 
Settlement: 
 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in bearer form (au porteur) will be 
inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders. Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form (au nominatif) may, at the option 
of the relevant holder, be inscribed in the books of an Account Holder 
designated by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds or inscribed in an 
account maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the 
relevant 
Final 
Terms) 
acting 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
Issuer. 
"Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme. 
 
Currency: 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Covered Bonds may be issued in Euros, U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen, 
Swiss Francs and, subject to prior Rating Affirmation (as defined below) 
(of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited only), in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
"Rating Affirmation" means, with respect to any specified action, 
determination or appointment and except as otherwise specified herein 
and/or in any Program documents, notification by the Issuer (or the 
relevant Representative (as defined hereafter in item C.9)) for so long as 
any Covered Bonds are rated by them (i) to Fitch of such specified action, 
determination or appointment and (ii) to the relevant Rating Agencies 
other than Fitch of such specified action, determination or appointment 
which does not result in the downgrading, or withdrawal, of the ratings 
then assigned to the Covered Bonds. 
 
Issue Price: 
 
The Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount. 
The issue price will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Denomination: 
 
The French law Covered Bonds will be issued in the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all

--- Page 10 ---
10 
French law Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU dated 15 May 2014, as amended 
and appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the ESMA (each 
such market being a "Regulated Market") in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
will have a minimum denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency at the time of issue) or such higher amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time in relation to the relevant Specified 
Currency. Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued in one (1) 
Specified Denomination only. 
 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders (as defined below), the Covered 
Bonds, and, where appropriate, any related coupons and receipts will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
privileged 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. The Covered Bonds are issued under Articles 
L. 513-28 to L. 513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Any 
holder of Covered Bonds (a "Bondholder") benefit from the privilège 
(priority in right of payment) provided for in Article L. 513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code over all the assets and revenues of 
the Issuer.  
 
"Priority Payment Orders" means that payments to the Bondholders by 
the Issuer are subject to priority payment orders applicable to the Issuer. 
 
Negative Pledge: 
 
Except as otherwise permitted according to the Program Documents for 
the purpose of the refinancing tool provided for in the SFH Legal 
Framework, the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any privilege, 
mortgage, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) 
upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant 
Undertaking (as defined below) of, or guaranteed by, the Issuer; 
 
where "Relevant Undertaking" means any present or future (i) 
indebtedness for borrowed money and/or (ii) undertaking in relation to 
interest or currency swap transactions. 
 
Events of Default: 
 
Subject to the legal framework applicable to a société de financement de 
l'habitat, if an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) occurs in respect 
of any Series of French law Covered Bonds, the Representative (as defined 
hereafter in item C.9) (i) may, at its discretion, or (ii) shall, if so directed 
by the Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer Event of Default is a 
Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event (as defined below), upon 
written notice (an "Issuer Enforcement Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer (with copy to the administrator and to the Rating Agencies) 
given before all defaults have been cured, cause the principal amount of 
all Covered Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but subject 
to the relevant Payment Priority Order (as defined below)), together with 
any accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for 
payment is received by the Fiscal Agent. 
 
For the purpose of this paragraph: 
 
"Issuer Event of Default" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
 
(a) 
at any relevant time following the service of a borrower 
enforcement notice, a breach of amortisation test occurs; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest 
on, any Covered Bond when due and payable, unless such 
default has arisen by reason of technical default or error and 
payment is made within five (5) business days of the due date 
thereof; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance or observance of any 
of its other material obligations under any Covered Bond

--- Page 11 ---
11 
(including German law Covered Bonds) and such default has 
not been cured within thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt 
by the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer and, when 
applicable, to the specific controller) of the written notice of 
such default by (i) in the case of any French law Covered Bond, 
the Representative, and (ii) in the case of German law Covered 
Bonds, a Bondholder, requiring such default to be remedied 
and indicating that this provision may be invoked if it is not so 
remedied; or  
(d) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer 
(including any Covered Bonds of any other Series (including 
French law Covered Bonds and German law Covered Bonds)) 
becomes or becomes capable of being declared due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default 
thereunder, or any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, 
as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace 
period (a "Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event"); or 
(e) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business 
(except in the case of a cessation for the purpose of a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or following the 
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, in 
each case the terms of which have previously been approved 
by the Majority Bondholders of all Series for which Covered 
Bonds (including German law Covered Bonds) or, if 
applicable, any receipts or coupons relating to them, are 
outstanding and such case of cessation being subject to prior 
Rating Affirmation). 
  
"Majority Bondholders" means in relation to any Series of French law 
Covered Bonds, a decision of the General Meeting or consultation by way 
of a Written Resolution (each as defined hereafter in item C.9) of such 
Series. 
 
Further Issues: 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders 
or holders of receipts or coupons create and issue further Covered Bonds 
to be assimilated (assimilables for the purpose of French law) with 
outstanding Covered Bonds provided such Covered Bonds and the further 
Covered Bonds carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all 
respects save as to the principal amount thereof, the issue price and the 
first payment of interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that 
the terms of such Covered Bonds provide for such assimilation. 
 
Taxation: 
 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
 
Nominal interest rate: 
 
The Covered Bonds may or may not bear interest. The interest, if any, may 
be fixed interest or floating interest, or at a rate which varies during the 
duration of the relevant Tranche. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, INC. 
(“ISDA”) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions

--- Page 12 ---
12 
published by ISDA, in each case as amended and updated as at the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series; or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service (including EURIBOR, SARON, 
or any other reference rate that might replace them or any other 
reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated 
and payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum 
rate of interest or both. 
 
The minimum rate of interest (which shall refer to the relevant rate plus 
any relevant margin) shall be deemed to be zero.  
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds for which a change of interest basis 
is specified to be applicable may be issued by the Issuer. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not pay periodic interests. 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent may determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. 
 
Maturity: 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
the Covered Bonds may have any maturity as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date"), subject to such minimum 
maturity as may be required by the applicable legal and/or regulatory 
requirements. 
 
An extended final maturity date (the "Extended Final Maturity Date") 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of a Series of Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the applicable Conditions, each such Covered Bonds 
being referred to as "Soft Bullet Covered Bonds". 
 
Redemption and Purchase: 
 
Redemption at the maturity date  
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable 
calculated on the basis of the applicable Conditions. 
 
Optional redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such 
Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Bondholders, 
and if so the terms applicable to such redemption in accordance with the 
provisions of the Conditions.  
 
Representation of Bondholders: 
 
French law Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests 
in a masse (the "Masse"). The Final Terms issued in respect of each 
Tranche will specify whether the Masse will be governed by (i) the 
provisions of article L.228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code 
("Full Masse") or (ii) the provisions of the French Commercial Code with 
certain exceptions and as modified and/or supplemented by the provisions 
of the Conditions ("Contractual Masse").  
 
The Masse will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through a general meeting of the French law Bondholders (the 
"General Meeting"). The Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of the holding of 
a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution by way of a written 
resolution (the "Written Resolution").

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
As long as the French law Covered Bonds are held by a single Bondholder, 
the relevant Bondholder will exercise directly the powers delegated to the 
Representative and the General Meetings under the Conditions of the 
French law Covered Bonds. A Representative shall only be appointed if 
the French law Covered Bonds of a Series are held by more than one 
Bondholder. 
 
The names and addresses of the initial Representative and its alternate will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Tranche of any Series of French law Covered Bonds 
will be the representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such 
Series. 
 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, the Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of each Series of French law 
Covered Bonds will be F&S Financial Services, Vincent Fabié, 8 rue du 
Mont-Thabor, 75001 Paris, France, the alternate representative shall be 
Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 75008 Paris, France. 
 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
 
Application may be made for French law Covered Bonds to be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and/or any other market as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Covered 
Bonds may be unlisted. 
 
Governing Law: 
 
The French law Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds 
in various jurisdictions, in particular, those of the European Economic 
Area, the United States of America, Germany, the United Kingdom, The 
Netherlands, the Republic of Italy, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong and 
Australia see “Plan of Distribution”. 
 
United States Selling Restrictions/TEFRA: 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Final Terms will specify whether 
TEFRA rules are applicable and, in this case, whether TEFRA C or 
TEFRA D is applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations related to French law 
Covered Bonds issued under the Program. All of these factors are specific to the Issuer and/or the French law 
Covered Bonds. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur but are material for an 
informed decision with respect to investing in the French law Covered Bonds.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out the material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the negative 
impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks has been assessed based 
on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact on the Issuer. They are 
classified by importance (decreasing in magnitude). Investors must be aware that the list of factors set out below 
is not intended to be exhaustive and that other risks and uncertainties which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
are not known of by the Issuer, or are considered irrelevant, may have a significant impact on the Issuer, its 
activities, its financial condition and the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein) and make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors 
should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition 
and the issued Covered Bonds and consult their own financial or legal advisers about the risks associated with 
investment in a particular Series of Covered Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds in light 
of their particular circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning when used below. 
1. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND THE COVER POOL 
1.1. 
The issuer is exposed to credit and structural risks  
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of other parties to the Program Documents 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
mainly depend on the ability of Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Cash Collateral Provider, Issuer 
Account Bank and hedging counterparty (if any) to perform its payment obligations towards the Issuer 
under the Program Documents and the value of the Collateral Security will depend on the ability of the 
Collateral Providers to transfer additional Home Loan Receivables as Collateral Security under the 
Collateral Security Agreement up to the required amount to meet with the Asset Cover Test. At the date of 
this Base Prospectus, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) has assigned long and short-term Issuer 
Credit Ratings of A+/ Stable outlook/A-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Moody's France S.A.S assigned an Issuer 
Rating of Aa3/Stable outlook/P-1 to Crédit Agricole S.A., Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited assigns long and 
short-term Issuer Default Ratings of A+/Stable outlook/F1+ to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
The SFH Legal Framework (see section entitled “Summary of the SFH Legal Framework”) and the Program 
Documents provide for mitigants or for substitution and/or constitution of cash collateral upon certain 
triggers (most notably, the Asset Cover Test and several triggers based upon long or short term ratings of 
Crédit Agricole S.A., as further described under the paragraph “The Cash Collateral Agreement” in the 
section entitled “The main Program Documents”). Delay or inability to implement those mitigants may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds up to the required amount and/or 
on the relevant due date.  
In addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a 
transfer as expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and 
interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be high. 
Conflicts of interest may arise between the parties to the Program  
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Program as a result of various factors involving certain 
parties to the Program Documents. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because Crédit Agricole 
S.A. acts in several capacities under the Program Documents, although its rights and obligations under the 
Program Documents are not contractually conflicting and are independent from one another. Also during 
the course of their business activities, the parties to the Program Documents and/or any respective affiliates 
may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, which are in the 
same markets as the Home Loans. In such cases, the interest of any of those parties or their affiliates or the 
interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ from, and compete with, the 
interest of the Issuer or of the holders of the Covered Bonds.  
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a major bank, an independent financial adviser, a broker-dealer, 
including, as the case may be, a company within the Crédit Agricole Group (with the exception of the Issuer 
itself) as Reference Rate Determination Agent in respect of an issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme. In such a case the Reference Rate Determination Agent is likely to be a member of an 
international financial group, including as the case may be, a company within the Crédit Agricole Group, 
with the exception of the Issuer itself, that is involved in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst they will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures 
in place to manage conflicts of interest, they may in their other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Bondholders during the term and on the maturity of the Covered Bonds or the market price, liquidity or 
value of the Covered Bonds and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Bondholders. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be high. 
The Issuer is sole liable and has limited assets 
The Issuer is the only entity liable to pay principal and interests with respect to the Covered Bonds and its 
ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds will exclusively depend on its assets which shall be 
allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds together with any 
hedging agreement (including termination amounts) or other resources benefiting from the same Privilège 
(see section entitled “Summary of the SFH Legal Framework”) and the applicable Priority Payments Order 
as set forth in the section "Cash Flow". 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds will firstly mainly depend on the ability 
of Crédit Agricole S.A. to meet its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement. 
In case of failure to pay by Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as Borrower or more generally upon the 
occurrence of any other Borrower Event of Default, including if such non-payment is due to any resolution 
procedure on Credit Agricole S.A or the Credit Agricole Group, the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds will thereafter mainly depend on sums and proceeds received under the Collateral 
Security Assets which totalled €46.836 billion and consisted of 717,496 loans as of 31 December 2021, i.e. 
the Home Loan Receivables and their related Home Loan Security or the sale proceeds thereof, as well as 
under any Cash Collateral (if any) provided by Crédit Agricole S.A. as Cash Collateral Provider under the 
Cash Collateral Agreement before the occurrence of the Borrower Event of Default. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no Cash Collateral has been funded pursuant to the Cash Collateral Agreement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
If such amounts are not sufficient for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
will not have any further source of funds available other than the claim against Crédit Agricole S.A. in 
respect of the remaining unpaid amounts of the Borrower Debt, which would only be an unsecured claim.  
If the double recourse against Crédit Agricole S.A. and the Collateral Security Assets proves to be 
insufficient to support payments under the Covered Bonds until their maturity (for further development on 
specific risks relating to the cover pool in case of Borrower Event of Default, see section "Risk Factors – 
Risks related to the cover pool" below), this may have a significant negative impact on the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. As a result, Bondholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be very high. 
The Issuer is exposed to performance risk on third parties service providers 
The Issuer does not have its own means or employees. As a result, the Issuer has entered into agreements 
with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for the Issuer, which all belong to the 
Crédit Agricole Group. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Crédit Agricole S.A. is Administrator, Issuer 
Calculation Agent, Collateral Providers Agent and Secondary Lender and the Crédit Agricole Entities, as 
Collateral Providers under the Program Documents. The Collateral Providers Agent shall keep an updated 
list of the Collateral Providers, containing sufficient details of such Collateral Providers and any other 
material events affecting the legal and financial situation of the Collateral Providers and such Collateral 
Providers may include LCL (Crédit Lyonnais) and any Caisse de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (within the 
meaning of Articles L. 512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code), to the exclusion of the 
Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel referred to in Articles L. 512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, which is affiliated to Crédit Agricole S.A.  
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by the 
failure of such parties to perform their respective obligations under the Program Documents, including in 
case of any resolution procedure on Crédit Agricole S.A or the Credit Agricole Group. 
The Program Documents provide for the ability of the Issuer under certain circumstances to terminate the 
appointment of any relevant third party service provider under the relevant Program Documents and to 
replace it. However, there is a risk that no suitable successor will be found in a timely manner or with 
sufficient experience or ability to serve on the same or similar terms as provided by the relevant Program 
Documents or as to the financial terms on which they would agree to be appointed. The ability of a substitute 
entity to perform the required services fully would also depend, among other things, on the information, 
software and records available at the time of the appointment.  
Furthermore, the Covid-19 pandemic have led the Crédit Agricole Group entities to massively implement 
remote working arrangements which could lead to new types of operational incidents or increase the risk 
of cyber-attacks faced by the Crédit Agricole Group entities. 
Any bad or delayed performance by a third party service provider as well as any delay or inability to appoint 
a substitute entity may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds up to the 
required amount and/or on the relevant due date. As a result, Bondholders could lose all or a substantial 
part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
1.2. 
The issuer is exposed to market risks 
The Issuer may be exposed to liquidity risk 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
shall be made available in the same maturity (except extension of maturity) and conditions of redemption 
to those applicable to the Covered Bonds funding such advance. As a consequence, as long as no Borrower 
Event of Default has occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any liquidity risk regarding the Borrower 
Debt and the Covered Bonds.  
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the 
Issuer's Available Funds will arise from the Home Loan Receivables comprised in the Collateral Security 
and related Home Loans Security. There is a risk that the Home Loan Receivables forming part of the 
Collateral Security have a maturity and amortisation profile which does not match the repayment profile 
and maturities of the Covered Bonds. Such mismatch would create a potential need for liquidity at the level 
of the Issuer. As of 31 December 2021, Collateral Security Assets consisted of 717,496 loans with an 
average seasoning of 93 months and a weighted average remaining term of 166 months. As of 12 February 
2022, the outstanding amount of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer is EUR 31,173 million net principal 
amount and such Covered Bonds are scheduled to mature no later than September 2038.   
Although the Issuer is legally bound (see section entitled “Summary of the SFH Legal Framework - 
Liquidity needs coverage”) to ensure at any time adequate coverage of its liquidity needs with several tools 
such as, without limitation, pre-maturity cash collateral, legal liquidity reserve, soft bullet maturity and sale 
of all or part of its Home Loan Receivables, there is a remaining risk that these mitigants would not suffice. 
If the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be negatively affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high. 
The Issuer may be exposed to interest rate and currency risks 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
shall be made available in the same currency and according to the same interest conditions to those 
applicable to the Covered Bonds funding such advance. As a consequence, as long as no Borrower Event 
of Default has occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any currency and interest risk in relation to the 
Borrower Debt and the Covered Bonds.  
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the 
Issuer's Available Funds will arise from the Home Loan Receivables comprised in the Collateral Security 
and related Home Loans Security. Home Loan Receivables that are part of the Collateral Security may not 
bear interest by way of the same conditions as those of the Covered Bonds and may not be denominated in 
the same currency as the Covered Bonds.  
In order to mitigate or hedge such potential interest rate or currency risks, the Issuer may use different 
mechanisms which may include, without limitation, hedging agreements and/or any obligation of the 
Collateral Providers Agent to select the Home Loan Receivables to be transferred in full title as security 
(remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) under the Collateral Security Agreement so as to limit such 
risk and/or any obligation of the Cash Collateral Provider to fund any relevant additional Cash Collateral 
into the Cash Collateral Account. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into the 
Hedging Agreements with Crédit Agricole S.A. as Hedging Provider.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk and performance risk of such counterparties to any of those 
mitigant mechanisms and failure by any such counterparty may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
principal and interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds up to the required amount. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low. 
1.3. 
Risks related to the Cover Pool  
Risks related to the cover pool creditworthiness, credit risk and market value 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Collateral Providers may affect the creditworthiness of the Home 
Loans 
Each of the Home Loans originated by the Collateral Providers will have been originated in accordance 
with its lending criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that each Collateral Provider's lending 
criteria will generally consider the type of financed property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-
value ratio, the status of applicants and their credit history. One of the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria 
requires that, prior to the date upon which the Home Loan has been made available to the borrower thereof, 
and all lending criteria and preconditions as applied by the originator of the Home Loan pursuant to its 
customary lending procedures be satisfied. Each of the Collateral Providers retains the right to revise its 
lending criteria from time to time. If the lending criteria changes in a manner that affects the 
creditworthiness of the Home Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers thereof and may 
affect the realisable value of the Collateral Security Assets or a part thereof, and may significantly affect 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds upon the service of a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice. As of 31 December 2021, Collateral Security Assets consisted of 717,496 loans with 
an average loan balance of €65,277 and a weighted average loan to value ratio of 61.3% (54.8% indexed). 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
and the impact of such risk could be very high. 
Credit risk related to the debtors of the Home Loan Receivables may affect the Issuer 
After the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer 
will be exposed to the credit risk of the debtors under the Home Loans which are individuals having 
borrowed money in order to finance the acquisition of real estate residential property.  
Furthermore, the debtors under the Home Loans may benefit from the favourable legal and statutory 
provisions of the French Consumer Code, pursuant to which any individual may, under certain 
circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from a French specialized committee 
(Commission de surendettement des particuliers) a grace period, a reduction of the amount of all and any 
of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the case may be, a full or partial extinguishment 
of its indebtedness against a credit institution.  
Pursuant to article L. 711-1 of the French Consumer Code, a situation of over-indebtedness is characterised 
by the manifest impossibility (impossibilité manifeste), for an individual, to satisfy all its non-professional 
debts, whether due and payable or unmatured. The benefit of the over-indebtedness treatment process is 
granted to any individual, provided that such individual acts in good faith. An individual will not be 
considered to be acting in good faith if he has organised his own insolvency or has dissipated his assets. 
The over-indebtedness process may lead inter alia to a suspension of on-going enforcement procedures 
(procédures d’exécution forcée), a suspension of the due date of the debts of the over-indebted individual, 
a rescheduling of such debts, a reduction or a cancellation of such debts, a reduction or a cancellation of the 
interest rates applicable thereto, a liquidation of the individual’s assets or the total cancellation of all

--- Page 19 ---
19 
personal debts of the over-indebted individual. Upon the application of such measures in favour of any 
debtor under a Home Loan, the Issuer may suffer a principal loss and/or a reduction in the yield of the Home 
Loans, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The ability of a debtor under the Home Loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such Home 
Loans will mainly depend on his assets and his liabilities as well as his ability to generate sufficient income 
to make payments under the relevant Home Loans. His ability to generate income may be adversely affected 
by a large number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the debtor himself (including but not 
limited to his age and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or 
(ii) are more general in nature (such as changes in France on governmental regulations, fiscal policy, 
economic environment, etc.). As a result, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
may be adversely affected. As of 31 December 2021, Collateral Security Assets totalled €46.836 billion, 
and consisted of 717,496 loans with an average loan balance of €65,277, a weighted average loan to value 
ratio of 61.3% (54.8% indexed), an average seasoning of 93 months and a weighted average remaining term 
of 166 months. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
but the impact of such risk could be low. 
After a Borrower Event of Default, for Home Loans guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee, the Issuer is 
exposed to the credit risk of the Home Loan Guarantee provider 
After the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer 
will be exposed to the credit risk of the Home Loan Guarantee providers in relation to Home Loan which 
are secured by a Home Loan Guarantee, in case of default of the debtor of the relevant Home Loan. As of 
31 December 2021, the Home Loans underlying the Collateral Security Assets at such date include 
mortgage loans with a mortgage lien (64.2% in value) (including 15.4% of the Home Loans have a mortgage 
lien bearing an additional guarantee of the French State), a guarantee by Crédit Logement (23.6%), an 
independent home loan guarantee company licensed as a French société de financement, or a home-loan 
guarantee by CAMCA Assurance (12.3%), a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg 
which belongs to the Crédit Agricole Group. 
If the Home Loan Guarantee provider does not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant 
Home Loan Guarantee for whatever reason or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
but the impact of such risk could be low. 
For Home Loans secured by a Mortgage, the Issuer is exposed to the decrease of the value of the 
mortgaged property  
In any event, the value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number 
of factors, including the national or international economic environment, regional economic or housing 
conditions, changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on 
alternative investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments and 
government policies. As the properties securing the Home Loans are located in France, the value of such 
properties may therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in France. As 
of 31 December 2021, 64.2% of the Home Loans underlying the Collateral Security Assets (in value) are 
mortgage loans with a mortgage lien (including 15.4% of the Home Loans having a mortgage lien bearing 
an additional guarantee of the French State).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Such decrease may accordingly affect the Issuer's ability to obtain an amount of enforcement proceeds 
which is sufficient to cover any unpaid amount due by the underlying debtor and as a result, this may affect 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds in full. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
but that the impact of such risk could be low. 
There is no guarantee on the market value of the Permitted Investments or Legal Substitution Assets 
Any available funds in the Issuer Accounts (prior to their allocation and distribution) may be invested by 
the Administrator in Permitted Investments or Legal Substitution Assets that comply with the SFH Legal 
Framework (as it may be amended from time to time). The value of the Permitted Investments or Legal 
Substitution Assets may fluctuate depending on the financial markets and the Issuer may be exposed to a 
credit risk or an interest risk in relation to such investments. The market value of the Permitted Investments 
or Legal Substitution Assets may fluctuate and decrease which might in turn decrease the amount of 
available funds of the Issuer.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high. 
Prepayment and renegotiation of interest rates under the Home Loans may affect the yield of the 
Collateral Security Assets  
The rate of prepayment of Home Loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other factors, 
including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to amendments to 
home loan interest tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions, as well as changes in the 
debtor's behaviour (including but not limited to home-owner mobility). In addition, debtors under the Home 
Loans may renegotiate periodically the interest rate prevailing on their loan and such renegotiation may be 
accepted by the lender.  
While such occurrences may happen at any time and are difficult to quantify beforehand, the likeliness of 
such prepayments and renegotiations is currently high due to the ongoing prevailing of low market interest 
rates.  
A high level of prepayment and renegotiation of interest rate will reduce the yield of the Collateral Security 
Assets and therefore, may affect the ability of the Issuer to have sufficient funds to make payments under 
the Covered Bonds after the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely but the impact of such risk could be limited. 
Operational and structural risks related to the cover pool 
After a Borrower Event of Default, notification of the debtors of the Home Loan Receivables may take 
time 
The Collateral Security Agreement provides that the Home Loan Receivables are transferred in full title as 
security (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 211-38 et 
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, without notification or information of the underlying 
debtors of the Home Loans. As long as no such notification has taken place, any payments made by any 
debtor under the relevant Home Loan Receivables will continue to be validly made by such debtors to the 
relevant Collateral Provider.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Debtors of the Home Loan Receivables shall only be notified by the Issuer in case of occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security. 
As of 31 December 2021, Collateral Security Assets totalled €46.836 billion, and consisted of 717,496 
loans. As a consequence, notification to the debtors under the relevant Home Loans may take time and even 
after such notification being made, there can be delay for the Issuer to obtain effective direct payment from 
such debtors. This may affect the timely payments under the Covered Bonds and may even result in a 
shortfall in distributions of interest or repayment of principal under the Covered Bonds. 
In order to mitigate such delays and shortfall, the Issuer will benefit from the period of extension under the 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds and from the Collection Loss Reserve if such cash collateral has been actually 
funded by the Cash Collateral Provider before the occurrence of the Borrower Event of Default (if any) (see 
section entitled “The main Program Documents –The Cash Collateral Agreement”).  
However, these mitigants may not suffice to cover in full these risks of delay and shortfall. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely but the impact of such risk could be low. 
The Collateral Security Assets value may not be sufficient and the Borrower Debt may not be repaid in a 
timely manner and in full 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer would be entitled to accelerate the payment 
of the Borrower Debt and then immediately enforce the Collateral Security and the Cash Collateral 
(including upon and following the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Borrower). Failure 
by Crédit Agricole S.A. as Cash Collateral Provider to fund such Cash Collateral in accordance with the 
Cash Collateral Agreement and any Crédit Agricole Entity, as Collateral Providers, to transfer any 
additional eligible Home Loan Receivable in accordance with the Collateral Security Agreement in order 
to maintain the Collateral Security up to the relevant required amount to satisfy the Asset Cover Test and/or 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio or the decrease of the market value of the Home Loan 
Receivables (due to ineligibility, losses or value decrease of property, home loan market illiquidity, etc.) 
may result in the Issuer having insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds after the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the minimum Overcollateralisation Ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework is 
of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%). As of 31 December 2021, the Overcollateralisation Ratio 
of the Issuer was at 152.4%.  
If after the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Collateral Security Assets and the Cash Collateral 
are not sufficient to cover the payment in full of the amounts due under the Covered Bonds until maturity, 
the Issuer will still have a claim against Crédit Agricole S.A. in respect of the remaining unpaid amounts 
of the Borrower Debt but this claim would only be an unsecured claim, i.e. shall be paid after secured and 
privileged creditors. There is therefore a risk that such remaining unsecured claim will not be paid in a 
timely manner and in full. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be high. 
After a Borrower Event of Default, for Home Loans secured by a Mortgage, the Issuer may have 
difficulties to enforce the Mortgages and liquidate the properties in a satisfactory manner 
After the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer 
will be exposed, in case of default of the debtor of a Home Loan, to the French legal procedures to be 
followed in relation to the enforcement of Mortgages and related expenses, and the ability of the Issuer to

--- Page 22 ---
22 
liquidate the properties under such mortgages efficiently and to obtain payment of the enforcement proceeds 
in a timely manner may be adversely affected. As of 31 December 2021, 64.2% of the Home Loans 
underlying the Collateral Security Assets (in value) are mortgage loans with a mortgage lien (including 
15.4% of the Home Loans having a mortgage lien bearing an additional guarantee of the French State).  
Foreclosure is subject to strict enforcement rules under French law. Specific rules are provided for lender’s 
privileges and mortgages registered in the French departments of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle. These 
specific rules do not substantially change the outline of the procedures set out below.  
Foreclosure on property located in France by secured creditors may require the sale of the property at a 
public auction if the sale cannot be made voluntarily by the debtor (conversion en vente volontaire or à 
l’amiable). The foreclosure procedure may take up to one and a half (1.5) years in normal circumstances.  
Pursuant to Article R. 321-1 and seq. of French Code of Enforcement Procedures (Code des procédures 
d’exécution), the first step in the foreclosure procedure consists in delivering a foreclosure notice to the 
debtor by a bailiff or process server (commandement de saisie immobilière). This notice is filed at the 
French Land and Charges Registry (known since 1st January 2013 as the fichier immobilier) having 
jurisdiction in the district where the real property is located.  
The next step is to instruct a local lawyer to prepare the terms of the sale of the property at auction, including 
the reserve price of the relevant real property (such instruction is not mandatory in the departments of Haut-
Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle).  
Finally, a number of legal notices must be given prior to the sale. The debtor may file objections against 
such foreclosure (including the reserve price), the validity of which will be decided by a competent court. 
If no bid is made at the public auction, and provided there is only one (1) foreclosing creditor, such 
foreclosing creditor is declared the highest bidder and is thus obliged to purchase the property at the reserve 
price specified in the terms of the sale.  
If no agreement is reached (for instance if the sale price of the property is substantially below the amount 
of the secured debt), the third party will still be entitled to offer to pay the sale price to the secured creditors 
in order to clear all privileges and mortgages granted over the relevant property (purge judiciaire, Articles 
2476 et seq. of the French Civil Code). Secured creditors may refuse this offer if they believe that the sale 
price has been underestimated by the debtor and the third party. In this case, an auction will be ordered with 
a minimum bid corresponding to the price offered by the relevant third party to the secured creditor, plus 
ten per cent (10%). 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Mortgages efficiently and in 
a timely manner may be adversely affected by the initiation of an insolvency proceedings against the debtor 
of the relevant Home Loan being an over-indebtedness proceedings (procédure de surrendettement) if the 
debtor is a physical person, which would result in a stay of proceedings against the debtor, including 
foreclosure which therefore would result in further delay for the Issuer to obtain enforcement proceeds of 
the Mortgages in a timely manner. Such delays may accordingly affect the Issuer's ability to make payments 
under the Covered Bonds and in particular, affect the timely payments in favour of the Bondholders. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
but the impact of such risk could be low. 
Debtors may be entitled to invoke set-off against the Issuer under the Home Loans in certain limited 
occurrences 
Set-off under French law can operate by statute (compensation légale) or be agreed by contract 
(compensation contractuelle) or be ordered by court (compensation judiciaire).

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Statutory set-off operates as of right between two reciprocal debts (dettes réciproques) provided that such 
debts are, at the same time, fungible (fongibles), certain (certaines), liquid (liquides) as well as due and 
payable (exigibles). A contract or a court may expand statutory set-off possibilities where, with respect to 
two reciprocal and fungible debts, such debts are not at the same time certain, liquid and due and payable. 
In particular, set-off may not be refused by a court if requested between debts that are deemed mutual (dettes 
connexes) by contract or on an economic standpoint. 
No provision under the Home Loan agreements expressly allows a debtor to expand statutory set-off 
possibilities nor expressly provides for a mutuality (connexité) between claims owed by a debtor to a 
Collateral Provider under a Home Loan and claims that such debtor may as the case may be have against 
such Collateral Provider under other contracts, such as a bank account or a deposit contract, etc. but, at the 
same time, no provision under the Home Loan agreements expressly provides for a waiver of set-off. As a 
result, a debtor under a Home Loan is entitled to invoke either (i) a statutory or a judicial set-off, or (ii) a 
set-off based on a mutuality of claims (connexité) should such mutuality be provided for by another contract 
than the Home Loan agreement or the global economic relationship which would exist between a debtor 
under a Home Loan and a Collateral Provider. 
A set-off such as referred to in (i) or (ii) above may become a risk for the Issuer only after the occurrence 
of a Borrower Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security. 
However, after notification of the transfer, a debtor under a Home Loan would only still be entitled to 
invoke set-off against the Issuer if prior to the notification of the transfer, the conditions for statutory set-
off were satisfied or if set off is invoked between inter-related debts (dettes connexes). Inter-relation of 
claims will be determined on a case by case basis, depending on the factual circumstances then existing. 
The most likely circumstance where set-off for inter-related claims could be considered is when 
counterclaims resulting from a current account relationship allow a debtor to set-off such counterclaims 
against sums due under a Home Loan. In this situation however, French case law states that there is no 
inter-relation of claims, notwithstanding the fact that instalment under the Home Loan was to be paid by 
way of direct debit from the funds standing to the credit of the relevant current account since the parties did 
not intend to interrelate their current account relationship and the lending transaction from an economic 
standpoint. 
As a result of the set-off of amounts due and payable by a debtor to the Borrower with amounts the Borrower 
owes in respect of the Home Loans, the Home Loans will, partially or fully, be extinguished. Such extinction 
may affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations towards the Bondholders under the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low. 
Home Loans bearing floating rates of interest may be affected by regulatory reforms relating to 
“benchmarks” 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as “benchmarks” in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (as amended, the 
“Benchmark Regulation”) applies to so-called “critical benchmark” indices, including indices such as 
EURIBOR, which are used for the purposes of determining the interest rate under the Home Loans bearing 
floating rate of interests. The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on such Home Loans in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of EURIBOR are changed or if EURIBOR are discontinued.  
Home Loans bearing floating rate of interests represent a low portion of the Home Loans composing the 
Collateral Security. As of 31 December 2021, approximately 96% of the Home Loans underlying the 
Collateral Security Assets were fixed rate loans and 4% were floating rate loans with caps.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Certain of such Home Loans may not contain any fallback provisions, in which case, a new agreement has 
to be reached with the debtor with the risk that no agreement may be reached or that the newly applicable 
floating rate of interest will be changed in ways that are uncertain.  
For those of such Home Loans which contain specific fallback provisions, these fallback provisions may 
apply and the interest rate provisions may be amended in the event the relevant “benchmark” materially 
changes or ceases to be provided. The fallback provisions may also not operate as intended at the relevant 
time and the successor or alternative rate (as applicable) may perform differently from the discontinued 
“benchmark”.  
After a Borrower Event of Default, such mismatch or changes could have the effect of reducing or otherwise 
affecting the interest rate of the Home Loans bearing floating rates of interest and result in lower interest 
amounts available to cover payments due under the Covered Bonds by the Issuer.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
and the impact of such risk could be limited. 
1.4. 
Risks related to the global economic environment  
Uncertainties regarding the changing public health situation in Europe were not entirely resolved, due to 
difficulties in achieving sufficient levels of vaccination of the population and the development of more 
infectious variants (particularly the Delta variant or the Omicron variant). The possibility that further 
restrictive measures could be imposed in some European countries (maximum capacities, curfews, closure 
of borders, further lockdowns, etc.), which could curb economic activity and negatively impact consumer 
confidence, cannot be ruled out. Furthermore, there are still major uncertainties surrounding the actual 
damage caused by the crisis on the productive capacity (corporate insolvencies) and the labour market 
(unemployment), which are currently limited by budgetary and monetary economic support measures. How 
governments (particularly the French and Italian governments) and the central banks (particularly the 
European Central Bank) manage and set targets for withdrawing these measures will be crucial. 
Furthermore, the development of the epidemic and vaccination programmes vary greatly throughout the 
world, particularly in some emerging countries that are struggling to control the virus, resulting in restrictive 
government measures being maintained, which continue to disrupt global trade and supply chains as well 
as international travel. This could weaken some countries and weigh more heavily on certain sectors 
(tourism and air transport), thereby curbing global economic activity.  
Against this backdrop, the European Commission revised its growth outlook upwards in July 2021 for the 
year 2021, to 4.8% for the Eurozone and 6% for France (versus 4.3% and 5.7% predicted in May 2021), 
but did not revise its outlook for global growth outside the European Union. It stressed that uncertainties 
and risks remain high, mainly due to concerns about variants of the virus. 
The pandemic and its impact on the global economy and financial markets have had and are likely to 
continue to have a material adverse impact on the results of operations and financial position of the 
Borrower, Crédit Agricole S.A. The cost of risk of Crédit Agricole S.A. may continue to be affected in 2022 
by the deterioration in the repayment capacity of companies (fragile companies, frauds revealed by the 
crisis) and consumers, the downgrading of ratings of counterparties whose receivables were downgraded 
from “Stage 1” to “Stage 2”, and the sensitivity of certain sectors, particularly (i) as a result of ongoing 
restrictions on travel or gatherings of people, i.e. for air transportation, cruises, restaurants, international 
tourism and events; (ii) in which levels of demand are expected to remain below normal in the long term or 
finally; (iii) which remain fragile due to structural changes in consumer habits caused by the health crisis, 
for example in non-food retail sectors. Moreover, the commercial property sector is a sector to watch, as 
the health crisis has accelerated pre-existing conditions in some segments, such as shopping malls being 
undermined by online shopping and the office building segment facing structural change if teleworking

--- Page 25 ---
25 
trends continue. At 31 December 2021, Crédit Agricole S.A.’s exposure to sectors considered “sensitive” 
was as follows: (a) aviation, with exposure at default (EAD) of €14.9 billion, of which 4.7% in default, (b) 
tourism, hotels, restaurants, with EAD of €8 billion, of which 5.5% in default, (c) non-food retail, with EAD 
of €13.2 billion, of which 1.9% in default, (d) automotive, with EAD of €21.4 billion, of which 0.3% in 
default, (e) shipping, with EAD of €13.7 billion, of which 4.3% in default, and (f) Oil & Gas, with EAD of 
€24.7 billion, of which 1.3% in default. Lastly, in terms of solvency, the main impact of the crisis on 
Crédit Agricole S.A.’s Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, in addition to a more modest level of retained earnings, 
was an increase in risk-weighted assets due to rating downgrades, mainly in corporate and investment 
banking (€1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2021 and €0.5 billion in the second quarter of 2021). Crédit 
Agricole S.A. Group’s fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was 11.6% as at 31 December 2021 versus 
12.9% as at 31 December 2020. There is still great uncertainty regarding the unemployment rate, the use of 
accumulated savings, the health scenario and the timetable of the deployment and then withdrawal of 
government measures, and, more generally, about the consequences of the economic growth trend on 
retained earnings, risk-weighted assets and regulatory decisions. 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds may 
be materially affected by the results of operations and financial position of Crédit Agricole S.A. which may 
not be in the position to perform its duties as Borrower (see also risk factor “The Issuer is exposed to 
performance risk on third parties service providers”).  
There are still uncertainties on when the Covid-19 crisis will be contained and what negative impacts the 
crisis may have on the debtors under the Collateral Security Assets. Should the crisis deepen despite the 
various public supporting measures, the credit quality of the debtors under the Collateral Security Assets 
could deteriorate and/or more debtors could be in default leading to the related Assets to be pulled out of 
the Collateral Security Assets. A challenging economic environment may also affect the production of new 
home loans and the residential property values. Beyond the overall impact on Crédit Agricole S.A., the 
crisis may have consequences for the Issuer, including on its financial position and prospects, that cannot 
yet be measured. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
2.1. 
Risks related to the market of the covered Bonds and Ratings 
The market value of the Covered Bonds may fluctuate and an active trading market for the Covered 
Bonds may not develop 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on Euronext Paris 
or any other market as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The market value of the Covered Bonds will 
be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and of the Borrower, the volatility of the market interest 
and yield rates, the time remaining to the maturity date and the liquidity in the covered bond market. The 
value of the Covered Bonds on Euronext Paris or any other market also depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events in France, in Europe or elsewhere and factors 
affecting capital markets generally.  
Covered bonds constitute a specific class of assets, especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks. Covered bonds are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. The covered bond purchase 
programme of the European Central Bank may impact the value of Covered Bonds on both the primary and 
secondary debt markets. Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. If a market does develop, it may not be liquid depending on the prevailing and widely

--- Page 26 ---
26 
reported global credit market conditions. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there may be a general lack 
of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Covered Bonds. Such lack of liquidity 
may result in investors suffering losses on the Covered Bonds in secondary resales even if there is no decline 
in the credit strength of the Issuer or the performance of the Collateral Security Assets. In circumstances 
where Covered Bonds are not admitted to trading on any market and/or are distributed on a non-syndicated 
basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the risk that no active trading market develops is 
significantly accrued. 
As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily (in particular if some of the 
holders of the Covered Bonds would have exercised a Put Option, in case such an option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. The price at which a Bondholder will be able to sell the Covered Bonds 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such investor. This could have a material adverse impact on the Bondholders and, 
as a result, investors could lose all or part of their investment in the Covered Bonds and receive significantly 
less than the total amount of capital invested. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely and the impact of such risk could be very high. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds may evolve and the Covered Bonds can be subject to Rating Affirmation 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France 
SAS, AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. The rating 
of the Covered Bonds is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies are based on the SFH Legal Framework, 
the Privilège, the Collateral Security, the Home Loans and Home Loan Security, any Cash Collateral and 
the other relevant structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the Program Documents, 
including, among other things, the short-term and/or long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt ratings of the parties to the Program Documents.  
The ratings address the likelihood of full and timely receipt by any of the relevant Bondholders of interest 
on the Covered Bonds and the likelihood of receipt by any of the relevant Bondholders of principal of the 
Covered Bonds by the relevant Final Maturity Date and the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date, if 
applicable. The Moody's ratings address the expected loss posed to investors (Moody's ratings address only 
the credit risks associated with the transaction. Other non-credit risks have not been addressed, but may 
have a significant effect on yield to investors). Ratings may be discontinued for any period of time or may 
be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by any of the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgment of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned above may affect both the value 
of the Covered Bonds or their marketability in secondary market transactions. 
Where a particular matter such as the substitution of Crédit Agricole S.A. or of any of the Crédit Agricoles 
Entities to perform the required services pursuant to the terms of the Program Documents or if the making 
or sanctioning of any modifications, alterations or supplements to any Program Document or for any other 
matter involves the Rating Agencies being requested a prior Rating Affirmation, the Rating Agencies, at 
their sole discretion, may or may not give such affirmation. The Rating Agencies will be notified of the 
exercise of certain discretions exercised by or on behalf of the Issuer under the Program Documents. 
However, the Rating Agencies are under no obligation to revert to the Issuer (or any of its agents) regarding 
the impact of the exercise of such discretion on the ratings of the Covered Bonds and any decision as to 
whether or not to confirm, downgrade, withdraw or qualify the ratings of all classes or any class of Covered

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Bonds based on such notification may be made at the sole discretion of the Rating Agencies at any time, 
including after the relevant action has been taken. 
Any absence or untimely delivery of a Rating Affirmation as well as any decline of the credit rating of the 
Covered Bonds may adversely affect the value of the outstanding Covered Bonds, increase the Issuer's cost 
of borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Covered Bonds. As a result, investors 
could lose part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. As of 12 February 2022, the outstanding amount 
of the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer is EUR 31,173 million net principal amount. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be very high. 
2.2. 
Risks for Bondholders as creditors of the Issuer 
Certain modifications, alterations or amendments can be made without Bondholder prior consent or 
taken by decisions of Majority Bondholders of a single Series of Covered Bonds  
The Issuer may in certain circumstances concur with any person in making or sanctioning any 
modifications, alterations or supplements to any Program Document to which it is a party without the prior 
consent or sanction of any of the Bondholders. Such modifications, alterations or supplements to any 
Program Document to which the Issuer is a party can be made with (a) prior Rating Affirmation or (b) 
without prior Rating Affirmation if such modifications, alterations or supplements to any Program 
Document to which it is a party are in order to (i) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, 
(ii) to evidence or effect the transition of any party to any Program Document to which it is a party to any 
successor, (iii) to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under any 
Program Document to which it is a party, or (iv) to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable 
laws and regulations. Such modifications, alterations or supplements to the Program Documents may 
impact the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds including in circumstances where Bondholders were 
not consulted prior to the changes. Therefore, the rights of the Bondholders may be negatively affected as 
they may be bound by changes to which they have not agreed. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 12 and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the French Law 
Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse and a General Meeting can be held or a Written Resolution may be taken to 
consult the masse. The Terms and Conditions applicable to French law Covered Bonds permit, in certain 
circumstances, defined majorities to bind all holders of a Series of French law Covered Bonds, including 
Bondholders of such Series who did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting and also Bondholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and Bondholders who did not respond to, or rejected a 
Written Resolution. If the Terms and Conditions applicable to French law Covered Bonds would need to 
be amended by way of a General Meeting or written consultation during the life of the Covered Bonds, if 
such a General Meeting were to take place or such a Written Resolution were to be taken, it is possible that 
a majority of French law Bondholders could adopt a decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to French law Covered Bonds in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the French law 
Bondholders. However, the probability of occurrence of a majority of French law Bondholders adopting a 
decision that would have significant adverse effect on the French law Bondholders should not be 
overplayed. In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of 
modifications made without Bondholders’ prior consent or imposed by decisions of majority Bondholders 
of a single Series of Covered Bonds to all Bondholders of such Series is likely and the impact of such risk 
could be high.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Resolution procedures under the European recovery and resolution framework may have a limited 
impact on the Covered Bonds 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive" or the "BRRD"), which was implemented in France by a decree-law 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne 
en matière financière) dated 20 August 2015, as modified by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms (and furher amending Directive 98/26/EC) (the "BRRD 
Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II"), which was implemented in France by a decree-
law (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 
December 2020, establishes a resolution regime with respect to credit institutions that are failing or likely 
to fail, or that require extraordinary financial public support. This resolution regime does not affect the 
statutory financial support mechanism provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, as applied to the  institutions that are part of the Crédit Agricole Network (as defined in 
article R.512-18 of the same code,  i.e. the Regional Banks, the Local Banks, Crédit Agricole S.A. itself (as 
the central body) and its affiliates members which are, as of the date hereof, Credit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank and BforBank). Credit Agricole S.A. believes that, in practice, this statutory financial 
support mechanism would be exercised prior to the implementation of any resolution measures and that the 
commencement of a resolution procedure with respect to the Crédit Agricole Group would thus imply that 
the statutory financial support mechanism was insufficient to address the failure of one or more members 
of the Crédit Agricole Network, and hence of the Crédit Agricole Network as a whole. However, the 
application of the resolution regime to Crédit Agricole Group is likely to limit the cases in which a demand 
for payment may be made under the 1988 Guarantee, insofar as the statutory financial support mechanism 
would be applied before a resolution procedure is commenced and resolution measures would diminish the 
risk of liquidation or dissolution of the Credit Agricole Group. 
The recovery framework contains several resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to 
fail (on the basis of objective elements), (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest. Among these, is the bail-in tool which gives resolution 
authorities the power to recapitalise or restore the viability of an institution under specific conditions, to 
write-down certain debt claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims, to equity, which equity could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or 
dilution by application of the bail-in tool. The BRRD also provides that the relevant resolution authority 
can modify the terms and conditions of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments). Financial public support should 
only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum extent practicable, the 
resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
Article L.613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly provides that the relevant 
resolution authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities 
(such as the Borrower Debt), including covered bonds (such as Covered Bonds), save for the portion of the 
secured liabilities exceeding the value of the collateral granted as security. Relevant claims for the purposes 
of the recovery framework could still include the claims of the Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Program but only if and to the extent that the covered bond liabilities exceeded the value 
of the cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In this respect it is worth noting that the value of the 
collateral granted as security exceeds the portion of the secured liabilities, the Overcollateralisation Ratio 
of the Issuer being at 152.4% as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Moreover, it results from the provisions of Article L.613-50-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
provides that the sole existence of a resolution measure taken over the Borrower, a prevention or crisis 
management measure or a suspension of payment set forth in Article L. 613-56-8 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, cannot trigger the termination of the Borrower Facility and the enforcement of the 
Collateral Security as long as its material obligations under the Borrower Facility Agreement continue to 
be performed by the Borrower. Moreover, save for the protection of the availability of funds benefiting 
from the guarantee of the French fonds de garantie des dépôts et des résolution as provided by Article 
L.613-57-1 V of the French Monetary and Financial Code, pursuant to Article L.613-57-1 III of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, the secured liabilities cannot be transferred to another entity separately from 
the related collateral arrangements. The exercise of any power under the BRRD II as implemented under 
French Law or any suggestion of such exercise would have a limited impact on the rights of the holders of 
Covered Bonds as well as on the price value of their investment in any Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low. 
2.3. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Program will either be fungible with an existing Series or have different 
terms to an existing Series (in which case they will constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from 
time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects.  
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Program. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for prospective investors. Set out below is a description of such 
material features. 
Risks related to the interest rate applicable to the Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Condition 6 (b) allows the Issuer to issue Covered Bonds that pay a fixed rate of interest to Bondholders. 
Investment in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that interest rates 
prevailing in the covered bond market for comparable fixed rate covered bonds increase above the rate paid 
on the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, which may adversely affect the value of such Tranche of 
Covered Bonds.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely and the impact of such risk could be high. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Condition 6 (c) allows the Issuer to issue Covered Bonds that pay a floating rate of interest to Bondholders. 
A key difference between Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Covered Bonds cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds at the time they purchase them, 
so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest 
periods and this will adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  
If the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. It is difficult to anticipate 
future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the yield of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds and give rise to reinvestment risk.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
likely but the impact of such risk could be low. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Condition 6 (d), the Issuer may issue Fixed/Floating Covered Bonds with a change of 
interest basis as specified in the relevant applicable Final Terms. Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may 
bear interest at a rate (i) that will automatically convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate (including in relation to Soft Bullet Covered Bonds for which the Final Maturity Date 
may be extended automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date, prior to 8 July 2022, if the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Soft Bullet Covered Bonds is not paid by the Issuer on the Final 
Maturity Date or, as from 8 July 2022, upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event) or (ii) 
that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate, 
in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread 
on the Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Covered Bonds. If a floating rate is converted to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on the covered bond market for a comparable bond of the same maturity 
and credit rating. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may 
have a significant adverse effect on the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Investors should also refer to the risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
but the impact of such risk could be high.  
The value of and yield on Covered Bonds bearing floating rates of interest may be affected by regulatory 
reforms relating to EURIBOR and other “benchmarks” 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds specify that the Rate of Interest for such 
Covered Bonds will be determined by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the 
Swiss Average rate Overnight (“SARON”) or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
which constitute “benchmarks” for the purpose of the Benchmark Regulation, investors should be aware 
that EURIBOR and certain other “benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national, international, regulatory 
guidance and other proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequences could have an effect on the liquidity and market value of and return 
on any Covered Bonds linked to such a “benchmark”. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Covered 
Bonds issued under the Program are only linked to a benchmark when issued as Soft Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds issued under the Program bear a fixed rate of interest until the Final Maturity 
Date, and provide for an automatic extension of the maturity to the Extended Final Maturity Date (i) prior 
to 8 July 2022, if the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Soft Bullet Covered Bonds is not paid by 
the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date or, (ii) as from 8 July 2022, upon the occurrence of a Maturity 
Extension Trigger Event. After such extension, the applicable rate of interest from the Final Maturity Date 
until the Extended Final Maturity Date, the rate of interest is a floating rate linked to a “benchmark”. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the extension of the maturity of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds that have been 
issued under the Program has never been trigerred.  
 
In the European Union, the Benchmark Regulation provides, among other things, that administrators of 
“benchmarks” in the European Union (such as the European Money Market Institute which currently 
administers EURIBOR) must be authorised by or registered with the relevant regulators and that they must 
comply with a code of conduct designed primarily to ensure reliability of input data, governing issues such

--- Page 31 ---
31 
as conflicts of interest, internal controls and “benchmark” methodologies. The Benchmark Regulation could 
have a negative impact on the value of and return on Covered Bonds with a floating rate of interest, in 
particular, if the terms of any applicable “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the Benchmark Regulation. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmark Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 
February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised 
approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain Benchmarks by conferring on the European 
Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such 
benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before 
the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called 
“fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or 
competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmark Regulation). These provisions could have a 
negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Covered Bonds issued under the Program 
linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions included in the Condition 
6(c)(iii)(B)c. of the Terms and Conditions are deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties 
about the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European 
Commission. In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-
country benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to further extend this 
transitional period 30 until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty 
regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated 
regulations. 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. which seek to address the potential 
discontinuation of a “benchmark”, the Benchmark Regulation could have an impact on any Covered Bonds 
linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the 
“benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark” and, as a consequence, Bondholders could lose 
part of their investment.  
 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or any enhanced regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the effect of (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
“benchmarks”, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or the methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or 
(iii) leading to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives 
or investigations, could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, could have a negative 
effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a “benchmark”. 
 
To alleviate the consequences of the potential unavailability of those indices, working groups under the 
supervision of their respective central banks have been working on defining alternative overnight risk-free 
rates, based mainly on transactional data and therefore less prone to critics as to their calculation 
methodologies. These new overnight risk-free rates are still however in very early stages of development 
and there can be no assurance that they will be widely adopted by market users. The Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Covered Bonds may provide that the Rate of Interest for such Covered Bonds will be 
determined by reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as SARON. Currently, the market continues

--- Page 32 ---
32 
to develop in relation to the adoption of overnight risk-free rates. Investors should be aware that the market 
may adopt an application of such overnight risk-free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and used in relation to Covered Bonds with a floating rate of 
interest that reference an overnight risk-free rate. Interest on Covered Bonds which reference an overnight 
risk-free rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be difficult for investors to estimate in 
advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Covered Bonds. Since the initial publication of 
certain overnight risk-free rates, daily changes in the rates have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other “benchmarks” or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of SARON-linked 
Covered Bonds may fluctuate more than Covered Bonds that are linked to less volatile rates. Since overnight 
risk-free rates are relatively new market indexes, the Covered Bonds will likely have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Investors in the Covered Bonds may not be able to sell the Covered Bonds at all or may not be able to sell 
the Covered Bonds at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk in relation 
to the Covered Bonds is unlikely and the impact of such risk on the Covered Bonds could be low.  
“Benchmark” discontinuation  
Pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iii)(B) applying to Covered Bonds for which the Rate of Interest is determined 
by reference to a “benchmark” and where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, in certain situations, if the relevant 
reference rate has been discontinued, the fallback arrangements referenced in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B) will 
include the possibility that: 
 
A. the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate (as applicable) determined by a reference 
rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer; and 
 
B. such successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if required) by the relevant 
reference rate determination agent, 
 
in each such case, with the reference rate determination agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, as more fully described in the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds. The reference 
rate determination agent may be a major bank, an independent financial adviser, a broker-dealer, as 
appointed by the Issuer, including, as the case may be, a company within the Crédit Agricole Group, with 
the exception of the Issuer itself. 
 
No consent of the Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable). In addition, no consent of the Bondholders shall be required in connection 
with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds 
(or any other document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable). 
 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no successor 
rate or alternative rate (as applicable) is determined, may be equal to the last available setting of such 
“benchmark” (plus or minus the Margin, as applicable, if any), effectively converting such Covered Bonds 
into fixed rate Covered Bonds. Holders may in such circumstances be materially affected and receive a 
lower interest as they would have expected if a reference rate determination agent had been appointed by

--- Page 33 ---
33 
the Issuer in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Conditions or if such reference rate 
determination agent had not failed to make a determination. 
 
It is possible that, if a “benchmark” is discontinued, it will take some time before a clear successor rate or 
alternative rate is established in the market. Accordingly, the terms and conditions of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds or Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds provide in certain circumstances as an ultimate fallback that, 
following the designation of a replacement reference rate, if the reference rate determination agent 
appointed by the Issuer considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer substantially comparable 
to the “benchmark” or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer will re-appoint a 
reference rate determination agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original reference rate 
determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the replacement reference rate or determining a 
substitute replacement reference rate (despite the continued existence of the initial replacement reference 
rate). If the re-appointed reference rate determination agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute replacement reference rate, then the replacement reference rate determined by the initial reference 
rate determination agent will remain unchanged despite the fact that it may no longer be substantially 
comparable to the original reference rate or that it may no longer constitute an industry accepted rate, which 
may have a negative effect on the value and yield of the Covered Bonds.  
 
The successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable) may have no or a very limited trading history and 
accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be 
difficult to determine or measure. In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor 
or alternative rates and the involvement of a reference rate determination agent, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the replacement reference rate may perform 
differently from the discontinued “benchmark”. 
 
There can be no assurance that any change or adjustment applied to any Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds or Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds will adequately compensate for this impact. Investors should 
note that, the reference rate determination agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor rate or 
alternative rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Bondholder, any such adjustment will be favorable to each Bondholder. This could 
in turn impact the Rate of Interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Covered Bonds or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as the case may be). Moreover, any holders of such Covered Bonds 
that enter into hedging instruments based on the Relevant Rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and 
they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the successor 
or alternative rate. 
 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and yield on, any such 
Covered Bonds or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely 
and the impact of such risk could be low. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
In accordance with Condition 6 (e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Covered Bonds. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds than on the 
prices of ordinary Covered Bonds because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds can suffer higher price losses than other Covered Bonds 
having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds are a 
type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the 
holders of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the 
holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
but the impact of such risk could be limited. 
Risks related to the specific use of proceeds of the Covered Bonds 
Green Covered Bonds and Social Covered Bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Covered Bonds may provide that such Covered Bonds 
will constitute Green Covered Bonds or Social Covered Bonds. In such case, it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of such Covered Bonds to finance and/or re-
finance, in whole or in part, new or existing (i) Eligible Green Assets, which are generally new or existing 
loans or investments to finance new or existing residential buildings aligned with current environmental 
regulation or (ii) Eligible Social Assets, which are generally new or existing loans relating to the financing 
of social housing, including housing construction or purchase for people with low income (under the scheme 
Prêt d'Accession Sociale - PAS) and social housing landlords (under the scheme Prêt Locatif Social - PLS). 
The terms “Green Covered Bonds”, “Eligible Green Assets”, “Social Covered Bonds” and “Eligible Social 
Assets” are defined under section “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.  
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a “sustainable,” “green”, “social” or “equivalently-labelled project” or 
a loan that may finance such a project, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus 
with respect to such projects or loans will develop in the future. 
The European Union adopted on 18 June 2020 Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 (the “Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Taxonomy”), establishing the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as 
environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is 
environmentally sustainable. The Taxonomy Regulation establishes six environmental objectives : (i) 
climate change mitigation, (ii) climate change adaptation, (iii) the sustainable use and protection of water 
and marine resources, (iv) the transition to a circular economy, (v) pollution prevention and control and (vi) 
the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Under the Taxonomy Regulation, the 
European Commission had to come up with the actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by 
defining technical screening criteria for each environmental objective. The EU Taxonomy is subject to 
further development through delegated regulations. The first delegated act concerning the technical 
screening criteria for economic activities with significant contribution to climate change mitigation and 
adaptation was adopted on 4 June 2021. Another delegated act concerning the technical screening criteria 
for the remaining four environmental objectives will be developed and adopted later. In addition, a 
delegated act specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by certain 
undertakings concerning environmentally sustainable economic activities, and specifying the methodology 
to comply with that disclosure obligation has been adopted on 6 July 2021. The European Commission 
launched on 12 June 2020 a public consultation on the creation of an EU green bond standard (the 
“EUGBS”). On 6 July 2021 the Commission published its proposal for a regulation on the EUGBS. In light 
of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
social market, there is a risk that the use of proceeds of any Green Covered Bonds or Social Covered Bonds 
will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which 
any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any 
Green Covered Bonds or Social Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described under the 
section entitled “Use of Proceeds”, the application of such amount to finance and/or refinance, in whole or 
in part, the relevant Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets, as the case may be, may not be capable

--- Page 35 ---
35 
of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, or that 
such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned. Green Covered Bonds or Social Covered 
Bonds or the assets they finance (or refinance) may not have the results or outcome (whether or not related 
to environmental or other objectives) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. In addition, Crédit 
Agricole Group may change its Green Bond Framework and/or its Social Bond Framework and/or the 
selection criteria it uses to select Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets at any time. In particular, 
these frameworks and definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt to any update that may be made 
to the ICMA’s Green Bond Principles on which the Green Bond Framework of Crédit Agricole Group is 
based and/or the ICMA’s Social Bond Principles on which the Social Bond Framework is based. Such 
changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Covered Bonds or 
Social Covered Bonds issued prior to their implementation. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Green Covered Bonds or Social Covered Bonds. Similarly, 
while the Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of proceeds of its Green Covered Bonds 
or Social Covered Bonds and to publish related audit reports, it is under no obligation to do so, and its 
failure to do so will not constitute an Issuer Event of Default in respect of any Green Covered Bonds or 
Social Covered Bonds in any manner whatsoever.  
Any failure to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Covered Bonds 
or Social Covered Bonds as intended, any withdrawal of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion 
or certification to the effect that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements 
covered by such opinion or certification or any change to the Green Bond Framework and/or Social Bond 
Framework of Crédit Agricole Group and/or selection criteria may affect the market value of the Covered 
Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
or social assets and consequently, Bondholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Covered 
Bonds.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely 
but the impact of such risk could be low.  
Risks related to issue price and redemption of Covered Bonds 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds 
Until 8 July 2022, the Final Maturity Date of the Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be extended automatically 
to the Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a)) if the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Soft Bullet Covered Bonds is not paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms). As from 8 July 2022, the Final Maturity Date of the Soft Bullet Covered Bonds 
may be extended automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a)) upon the 
occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event. 
The payment of the Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and 
payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all 
or part of the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on 
any Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the 
relevant newly applicable Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable on each 
Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. In addition, the situation of the Issuer might 
adversely change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date. As a result, 
investors may not be repaid in full at the Final Maturity Date but at the Extended Final Maturity Date and 
the market value of the Covered Bonds between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity 
Date might be significantly affected.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of Covered Bonds will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount.  
The market value of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. If market interest rates increase, such Covered Bonds can suffer higher price losses than other 
conventional interest-bearing Covered bonds having the same maturity and credit rating.  
The market value of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate less in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. If market interest rates decrease, such Covered Bonds market price may increase less than other 
conventional interest-bearing Covered Bonds having the same maturity and credit rating. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds. Therefore, holders of Covered Bonds issued at a 
substantial discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk happening 
is unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low.  
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Covered Bonds may provide for a Call Option allowing to proceed 
to an early redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7(c). Such right of 
redemption is often provided for securities issued in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest 
rates decrease, the risk that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases for the Bondholders. 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. As a consequence of early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be 
lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Covered Bonds may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Covered Bonds paid by the Bondholder, especially if the investors acquired the Covered Bonds 
when they were trading above par. In such case, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. This could have an effect on the 
Bondholders who could lose part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low.  
Redemption for taxation reasons or due to illegality 
If, as contemplated by, and further detailed in, Condition 7(f)(i), by reason of any change in French law, or 
any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, 
the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts, the Issuer may, at its

--- Page 37 ---
37 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to 
having given an irrevocable notice to the Bondholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds. 
If, as contemplated by, and further detailed in, Condition 7(f)(ii), the Issuer would, on the next payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, be prevented by French law from making payment to 
the Bondholders, or, if applicable, Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, the Issuer shall 
upon giving notice to the Bondholders, redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding. 
Additionnally, as contemplated by, and further detailed in, Condition 7(g), the Covered Bonds of all Series 
shall be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to compliance by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving irrevocable notice if it becomes 
unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any Borrower Advance made by it to 
the Borrower or to comply with any other of its obligations under the Covered Bonds of that Series, as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations. 
As contemplated by Conditions 7(f) and 7(g), the Issuer may redeem the Covered Bonds by anticipation for 
taxation reasons, or for illegality.  
Such early redemption features may adversely affect the holders of Covered Bonds. Therefore, an investor 
may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from the early redemption of any 
Covered Bond. As a consequence, Bondholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very 
unlikely and the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
In the context of any offer of French law Covered Bonds from time to time in France (the “Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction”) that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-exempt Offer”), the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus as 
so supplemented in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of any French law Covered Bonds during the offer 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period”) and in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
(1) 
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary designated 
in such Final Terms; or 
 
(2) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the 
following conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), from time to time including, 
without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of 
any investment in the French law Covered Bonds by any person and disclosure to any potential 
investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under “Plan of Distribution” in the Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) complies with the target market and 
distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II Product Governance” legend set out in the 
relevant Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the French law 
Covered Bonds is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all 
licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the French law Covered Bonds under the Rules; (f) retains 
investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, 
and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer 
or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” rules applying to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or 
consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (in each case an “Authorised Offeror”). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the 
Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies 
with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) in such Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
to whom an offer of any French law Covered Bonds is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is 
made during the period for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law 
requirements in relation to such offer. 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of the 
approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF. 
 
In the event the relevant Final Terms designate Authorised Offeror(s) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to 
use the Base Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional financial 
intermediary(ies) (also an “Authorised Offeror”) after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it

--- Page 39 ---
39 
will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time of the 
approval of the Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms on its website (www.credit-agricole.com). 
 
If the Final Terms specify that any Authorised Offeror may use the Base Prospectus during the Offer Period, 
any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website that 
it is using the Base Prospectus for the relevant Non-exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in 
accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Base Prospectus in connection 
with its offer of any French law Covered Bonds. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of 
the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any French law Covered Bonds from an Authorised Offeror will do 
so, and offers and sales of the French law Covered Bonds to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, 
in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer”). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection 
with the offer or sale of the French law Covered Bonds and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
will not contain such information.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised 
Offeror at the time of the Non-exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised 
Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the information mentioned in the 
correspondence table below and contained in the documents listed below (refer to the links below), which have 
been previously or simultaneously published and filed with the AMF and which are incorporated in, and shall be 
deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
• 
the annual financial report of Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH for the year ended 31 December 2019 (in 
the French language), which contains the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2019, including the audited cash flow statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, together with statutory auditors' review report thereon 
(the “2019 Annual Financial Report”); 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/181247 
• 
the annual financial report of Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH for the year ended 31 December 2020 (in 
the French language), which contains the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020, including the audited cash flow statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, together with statutory auditors' review report thereon 
(the “2020 Annual Financial Report”); and 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/188193 
• 
the semi-annual financial report of Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH for the six-month period ended 30 
June 2021 (in the French language), which contains the unaudited interim non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, including the cash flow statements 
of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021, together with statutory auditors' review report 
thereon (the "2021 Half-Year Financial Report"). 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/190035 
For the purposes only of further issues of French law Covered Bonds to be assimilated and form a single Series 
with Covered Bonds already issued under the relevant Covered Bonds Previous Conditions listed below: 
- 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds contained in the following base prospectuses of the Issuer: 
o base prospectus dated 7 April 2010 approved by the CSSF (pages 41 to 71) (the "April 2010 Covered 
Bonds Conditions"),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105962 
o base prospectus dated 30 July 2010 approved by the AMF (pages 40 to 69) (the "July 2010 Covered 
Bonds Conditions"),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105964 
o base prospectus dated 13 April 2011 approved by the AMF (pages 60 to 96) (the "2011 Covered Bonds 
Conditions"),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105966

--- Page 41 ---
41 
o base prospectus dated 18 April 2012 approved by the AMF (pages 61 to 98) (the "2012 Covered Bonds 
Conditions"),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105975 
o base prospectus dated 5 July 2013 approved by the AMF (pages 58 to 95) (the "2013 Covered Bonds 
Conditions"),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105981 
o base prospectus dated 17 September 2014 approved by the AMF (pages 72 to 104) (the "2014 Covered 
Bonds Conditions"),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105984 
o base prospectus dated 26 November 2015 approved by the AMF (pages 75 to 107) (the “2015 Covered 
Bonds Conditions”),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/105081 
o base prospectus dated 23 January 2017 approved by the AMF (pages 75 to 106) (the “2017 Covered 
Bonds Conditions”),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/123012 
o base prospectus dated 7 February 2018 approved by the AMF (pages 69 to 105) (the “2018 Covered 
Bonds Conditions”),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/142717  
o base prospectus dated 13 February 2019 approved by the AMF (pages 73 to 115) (the “2019 Covered 
Bonds Conditions”),  
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/172770 
o base prospectus dated 17 February 2020 approved by the AMF (pages 45 to 90) (the “2020 Covered 
Bonds Conditions”), 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/179710 
o base prospectus dated 17 February 2021 approved by the AMF (pages 49 to 103) (the “2021 Covered 
Bonds Conditions” 
https://www.credit-agricole.com/pdfPreview/186658  
and, together with the April 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions, the July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions, 
the 2011 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2012 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2013 Covered Bonds 
Conditions, the 2014 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2015 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2017 
Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2018 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2019 Covered Bonds Conditions 
and the 2020 Covered Bonds Conditions, the "Covered Bonds Previous Conditions"). 
The Base Prospectus and all documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without 
charge on request, at the principal office of the Issuer during normal business hours so long as any of the Covered

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Bonds are outstanding, on the Issuer section of the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/). 
The 2019 Annual Financial Report, the 2020 Annual Financial Report and the 2021 Half-Year Financial Report 
(together, the "Financial Reports") are published on the investors section of the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
(https://www.credit-agricole.com/en/finance/finance/debt/wholesale-bonds-issues/ca-home-loan-sfhcovered-
bonds). For the avoidance of doubt no information or documents available at such website, other than the Issuer 
Financial Reports, shall be incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, the information contained in the websites of the Issuer 
shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross-
reference list below. Any information not listed in the cross-reference list but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference is either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Cross-reference list  
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING CREDIT AGRICOLE HOME LOAN SFH'S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
2019 Annual Financial Report 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 85 of the 2019 Annual Financial Report 
Balance sheet 
Pages 82 to 84 of the 2019 Annual Financial 
Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 86 of the 2019 Annual Financial 
Report 
Summary of Financial Principles applied by Crédit Agricole Home 
Loan SFH 
Pages 88 to 92 of the 2019 Annual Financial 
Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 87 to 101 of the 2019 Annual Financial 
Report 
Statutory Auditors' Report 
Pages 75 to 79 of the 2019 Annual 
Financial Report 
2020 Annual Financial Report 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 85 of the 2020 Annual Financial 
Report 
Balance sheet 
Pages 82 to 84 of the 2020 Annual Financial 
Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 86 of the 2020 Annual Financial Report 
Summary of Financial Principles applied by Crédit Agricole Home 
Loan SFH 
Pages 88 to 92 of the 2020 Annual Financial 
Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 87 to 101 of the 2020 Annual Financial 
Report 
Statutory Auditors' Report 
Pages 75 to 79 of the 2020 Annual Financial 
Report 
2021 Half-Year Financial Report 
Profit and Loss Account 
Page 29 of the 2021 Half-Year Financial 
Report 
Balance sheet 
Pages 26 to 28 of the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Cash Flow Statements 
Page 30 of the 2021 Half-Year Financial 
Report

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Summary of Financial Principles applied by Crédit Agricole Home 
Loan SFH 
Pages 32 to 36 of the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Notes (Annexes) 
Pages 31 to 45 of the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
Statutory Auditors' Limited Review Report 
Pages 20 to 23 of the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report 
 
 
The Covered Bonds Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Covered Bonds to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with Covered 
Bonds already issued under the relevant Covered Bonds Previous Conditions. 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Covered Bonds Previous Conditions 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
 
REFERENCE 
April 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 41 to 71 
July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 40 to 69 
2011 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 60 to 96 
2012 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 61 to 98 
2013 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 58 to 95 
2014 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 75 to 104 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 75 to 107 
2017 Covered Bonds Conditions  
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 75 to 106 
2018 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 69 to 105 
2019 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 73 to 115 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 45 to 90 
2021 Covered Bonds Conditions 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 49 to 103 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 April 2010 approved by the CSSF, the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 July 2010 approved by the AMF, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
13 April 2011 approved by the AMF, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 18 April 2012 approved by the AMF, 
the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 5 July 2013 approved by the AMF, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
17 September 2014, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 26 November 2015 approved by the AMF, the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 23 January 2017 approved by the AMF, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 
February 2018 approved by the AMF, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 February 2019, the base prospectus 
dated 17 February 2020 approved by the AMF and the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 17 February 2021 
approved by the AMF are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. Such statements can be generally identified by the use 
of terms such as "anticipates", "believes", "could", "expects", "may", "plans", "should", "will" and "would", or by 
comparable terms and the negatives of such terms. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and 
uncertainty, and the factors described in the context of such forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus 
could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. We have based forward-looking statements on our current expectations and 
projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions about the Issuer, including, among other things:  
● 
the ability of the Issuer to maintain high credit ratings;  
● 
lower revenue generated from brokerage and other commission- and fee-based businesses during market 
downturns;  
● 
substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions with 
respect to counterparty credit risk; and  
● 
other factors described under "Risk Factors".

--- Page 46 ---
46 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 16 February 2023, a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the French law Covered Bonds arises or is noted, the Issuer shall 
be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus (each a “Supplement”) 
pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer will prepare and make available 
an appropriate Supplement, which in respect of any subsequent issue of French law Covered Bonds to be listed 
and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or offer to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area, 
shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation.The Issuer shall submit such Supplement to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer, with such 
number of copies of such Supplement as may reasonably be requested. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the French law Covered 
Bonds are offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for French law Covered 
Bonds before any Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication 
of this Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing 
of the offer to the public or the delivery of the French law Covered Bonds, whichever occurs first. That period may 
be extended by the Issuer. The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the Supplement. On 16 
February 2023, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of French law Covered Bonds will be used to fund:  
(a) the Borrower Advances that the Issuer (as Lender) will make available to Crédit Agricole S.A. (as 
Borrower) under the Borrower Facility Agreement;  
(b) the purchase by the Issuer in the future of eligible assets other than the Borrower advances and the Home 
Loan receivables provided that such assets are eligible to the Issuer pursuant to the SFH Legal Framework.  
In accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above, if in respect of any particular issue of French law Covered Bonds, it 
is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the issuance proceeds, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible green assets included or to be included in the SFH cover 
pool composed of the Collateral Security Assets originated globally by the collateral providers (the “Eligible 
Green Assets”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms and as described in the Crédit Agricole Group green bond 
framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time including the appendix (the “Appendix”) to the green 
bond framework “Eligibility criteria for Green Residential Real Estate” (the “Green Bond Framework”), such 
French law Covered Bonds shall be referred to as “Green Covered Bonds”.  
In accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above, if in respect of any particular issue of French law Covered Bonds, it 
is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the issuance proceeds, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing eligible social assets included or to be included in the SFH cover 
pool composed of the Collateral Security Assets originated globally by the collateral providers (the “Eligible 
Social Assets”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms and as described in the Crédit Agricole Group social bond 
framework, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Social Bond Framework”), such French law 
Covered Bonds shall be referred to as “Social Covered Bonds”.  
In relation to Green Covered Bonds, the Green Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles published 
by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2018 edition (the “Green Bond Principles”) and is 
available on the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. (https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-
notation). It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the Green Bond Principles and evolutions in 
the activities of the Crédit Agricole Group. The Green Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Green 
Assets which have been identified by the Crédit Agricole Group as part of priority activity sectors within the 
context of climate change mitigation.  
In relation to Social Covered Bonds, the Social Bond Framework is based on the Social Bond Principles published 
by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2020 edition (the “Social Bond Principles”) and is available 
on the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. (https://www.credit-agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-notation). It may 
be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the Social Bond Principles and evolutions in the activities of 
the Crédit Agricole Group. The Social Bond Framework sets out categories of Eligible Social Assets which have 
been identified by the Crédit Agricole Group as part of priority activity sectors to achieve positive social impacts 
especially for target populations.  
Crédit Agricole S.A. has appointed Vigeo Eiris (“Vigeo”) to provide second party opinions (the “Second Party 
Opinions”) on the Green Bond Framework, on the Appendix and on the Social Bond Framework assessing their 
respective added value and alignment with the Green Bond Principles or the Social Bond Principles as applicable. 
These Second Party Opinions are available on the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. (https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette-et-notation).  
Crédit Agricole Group will publish annual reports on the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. detailing:  
- the allocation of Green Covered Bonds proceeds and the environmental impact of the Eligible Green Assets 
included in the SFH cover pool;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
- the allocation of Social Covered Bonds proceeds and the social impact of the Eligible Social Assets included in 
the SFH cover pool. 
In addition, Crédit Agricole Group may communicate publicly in the event of substantial changes in the green 
portfolio or in the social portfolio. Crédit Agricole S.A. will also have an external auditor providing limited 
assurance reports on the main features of the Green Covered Bonds and the Social Covered Bonds reportings for 
the purposes of the preparation of the Crédit Agricole S.A. universal registration document.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that, as completed in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the French law Covered Bonds. The form of the 
terms and conditions applicable to the German law Covered Bonds are contained in the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below).  
In this section, "Covered Bonds" refers only to French law Covered Bonds, except as otherwise provided. In the 
case of French law Covered Bonds which are Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the text of the terms and conditions 
will not be attached to any physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of French law Covered Bonds which are Materialised Covered Bonds, either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions, together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject 
to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed 
shall, in each case, be attached to the relevant Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Temporary Global 
Certificate and Permanent Global Certificate, as the case may be.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, or defined or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings when used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail. References in the Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to the Covered 
Bonds of one (1) Series only and not to all Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Program. 
The Covered Bonds are issued by Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer"). The Issuer is licensed as a 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of a société de financement de 
l'habitat ("SFH") by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR"), governed by Articles L. 
513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as they may be amended from time to time, in particular 
as they will be amended by the entry into force of the relevant provisions of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-
858 dated 30 June 2021 which transposes under French law Directive (EU) No. 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU.  
The Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") having one (1) or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest), the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, 
the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the final terms 
of such Tranche (the "Final Terms") in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
The Covered Bonds are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on or before 
the date of this Base Prospectus (the "Agency Agreement"), governed by French law and entered into between 
the Issuer, CACEIS Corporate Trust as fiscal agent and principal paying agent with respect to French law Covered 
Bonds (the "Fiscal Agent") and the other agents named therein. The paying agents, the registrar, the registration 
agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Registrar", the "Registration Agent" and the 
"Calculation Agent(s)". CACEIS Corporate Trust and/or any other agent(s) appointed pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of their fees or any other amounts that might be due 
to them by the Issuer under the Agency Agreement. 
The Bondholders (as defined below) and, where applicable, the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") 
relating to interest bearing Covered Bonds and, where applicable in the case of such Covered Bonds, talons (the 
"Talons") for further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the 
"Receipts") relating to Covered Bonds of which the principal is redeemable in instalments are respectively referred

--- Page 50 ---
50 
to below as the "Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders" and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  
Copies of the Final Terms applicable to a series of Covered Bonds may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, 
from the registered office of the Issuer provided that, if such Series of Covered Bonds is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where 
a Base Prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Bondholder holding one or more Covered 
Bonds and such Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, "French law Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by French law. 
1. 
Definitions  
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus, dated 16 February 2022 of the Issuer, in the form in which it is on 
file with the Autorité des marchés financiers in France and granted approval no. 22-036 on 16 February 2022, 
together with any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Base Prospectus, as the case 
may be. 
"Bondholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Covered Bond" means in the case of French law Covered 
Bonds, (i) if Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the 
relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such 
Covered Bonds, (ii) if Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bond and the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it and (iii) if Materialised Covered Bonds in respect of which 
a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) 
who appears as the holder of such Covered Bonds or of a particular nominal amount of interests in such Covered 
Bonds, in  accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and procedures of any 
relevant clearing institution, including, without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as 
appropriate. 
"Borrower Debt" means the Borrower's indebtedness outstanding from time to time under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement. 
"Closing Date" means the date of the issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds by the Issuer. 
"Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event" has the meaning ascribed to such term in paragraph (d) of the 
definition of Issuer Event of Default below. 
"Crédit Agricole S.A. Group" means Crédit Agricole S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the 
Regional Bank of Corsica – Caisse regionale de Credit Agricole Mutuel de la Corse). 
"Group" or "Crédit Agricole Group" means the “Crédit Agricole S.A. Group”, the Regional Banks (within the 
meaning of Articles L. 512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code), the Caisses Locales de Crédit 
Agricole (the “Local Banks”) and their respective subsidiaries. 
"Issuer Enforcement Notice" in respect of French law Covered Bonds, has the meaning given in Condition 10. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means the occurrence of any of the following events:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(a) 
at any relevant time following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in the section 
"THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS – The Borrower Facility Agreement" of the Base 
Prospectus), a Breach of Amortisation Test (as defined in the section "ASSET MONITORING" of the 
Base Prospectus) occurs; or  
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Covered Bond (including the 
payment of any additional amounts mentioned in Condition 9) when due and payable, unless such 
default has arisen by reason of technical default or error and payment is made within five (5) Business 
Days of the due date thereof; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance or observance of any of its other material obligations under 
any Covered Bond (including German law Covered Bonds) and such default has not been cured within 
thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer and, when 
applicable, to the Specific Controller) of the written notice of such default by (i) in the case of any 
French law Covered Bond, the Representative, and (ii) in the case of German law Covered Bonds, a 
Bondholder, requiring such default to be remedied and indicating that this provision may be invoked if 
it is not so remedied; or  
(d) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer (including French law Covered Bonds and German 
law Covered Bonds) becomes or becomes capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the 
case may be, within any originally applicable grace period (a "Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration 
Event"); or 
(e) 
the Issuer ceases to carry on all or a material part of its business (except in the case of a cessation for 
the purpose of a reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or following the transfer of all or substantially 
all of the assets of the Issuer, in each case the terms of which have previously been approved by the 
Majority Bondholders of all Series for which Covered Bonds (including German law Covered Bonds) 
or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, are outstanding and such case of cessation 
being subject to prior Rating Affirmation). 
"Majority Bondholders" means in relation to any Series of French law Covered Bonds, a decision of the General 
Meeting or a consultation by way of a Written Resolution (each, as defined in Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions) of such Series taken in accordance with Condition 12 (d) or 12 (e) of the Terms and Conditions, as the 
case may be. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to Covered Bonds of any Series (including German law Covered Bonds), all the 
Covered Bonds issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, 
(b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all 
interest accrued on such Covered Bonds to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) 
have been duly paid as provided in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions, (c) those which have become void 
or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as 
provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds (i) those mutilated or 
defaced Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate or Permanent 
Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one (1) or more Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds pursuant to its provisions.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
"Payment Date" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the payment date of any principal 
or interest amount applicable to the Issuer and specified as such in the relevant Final Terms for such Covered 
Bonds. 
"Program Date" means the date of approval by the AMF of the Base Prospectus applicable to the Program. 
"Program Documents" means: 
(a) 
the Administrative Agreement (as defined in the section "The Issuer – The Administrative 
Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
the Convention d'externalisation de prestations de services (as defined in the section "The Issuer – 
Issuer Risk Management" of the Base Prospectus); 
(c) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement (as defined in the section "THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS 
– The Issuer Accounts Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(e) 
the Agency Agreement (including the Terms and Conditions of the German law Covered Bonds); 
(f) 
the Dealer Agreement; 
(g) 
the Borrower Facility Agreement (as defined in the section "THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS 
– The Borrower Facility Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(h) 
the Collateral Security Agreement (as defined in the section "THE MAIN PROGAM DOCUMENTS 
– The Collateral Security Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(i) 
the Cash Collateral Agreement (as defined in the section "THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS – 
The Cash Collateral Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(j) 
the Calculation Services Agreement (as defined in the section "THE MAIN PROGRAM 
DOCUMENTS – The Calculation Services Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(k) 
the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement, providing for the definitions of defined terms and 
incorporated by reference into certain of the Program Documents; and 
(l) 
as the case may be, any Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) and the Borrower Hedging Agreement(s). 
"Rating Affirmation" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment and except as 
otherwise specified herein and/or in any Program Documents, notification by the Issuer (or the relevant 
Representative) for so long as any Covered Bonds are rated by them (i) to Fitch of such specified action, 
determination or appointment and (ii) to the relevant Rating Agencies other than Fitch of such specified action, 
determination or appointment which does not result in the downgrading, or withdrawal, of the ratings then assigned 
to the Covered Bonds. 
"Rating Agency" means each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody’s"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"), or any of their respective successors. 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014, as amended from time to time, within the EEA and appearing 
on the list of regulated markets issued by the ESMA.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
"Representative Consent" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment, receipt by 
the Issuer of in relation to any Series of French law Covered Bonds, written confirmation of consent of the 
Representative (acting upon instructions of the Majority Bondholders of the relevant Series of outstanding French 
law Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them). 
2. 
Form, Type, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
French law Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds") or in materialised form ("Materialised Covered Bonds"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 
et seq. and R. 211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code) will be issued in respect 
of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, 
in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form 
(nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant 
holder of Covered Bonds or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account 
maintained by the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting 
on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary 
identification information of holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au 
porteur) such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation 
and mail address or, as the case may be, email address of such holders as well as the quantity of 
Covered Bonds held by each of them and any restrictions applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, 
and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream"). 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form only. Materialised Covered Bonds in 
definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds") will be serially numbered and 
issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Final Maturity Date or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Covered Bonds are issued with one (1) 
or more Receipts attached. In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, securities (such as Covered Bonds constituting obligations under French 
law) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside of the French 
territory.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
(b) 
Type 
The Covered Bonds may be "Fixed Rate Covered Bonds", "Floating Rate Covered Bonds", 
"Fixed/Floating Covered Bonds", "Zero Coupon Covered Bonds" or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the relevant Final 
Terms on the basis of the applicable Conditions. 
(c) 
Denomination 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided that all Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum 
denomination of €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the time of issue) or such higher 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time in relation to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
(d) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Covered Bonds may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Covered Bonds may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Covered Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(e) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of the 
holder of any Covered Bond, Coupon, Receipt or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 18 and on or after the date on which the European Member State 
in whose national currency the Covered Bonds are denominated has become a participating Member 
State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")) or events have 
occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), redenominate all, but not 
some only, of the Covered Bonds of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and 
the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as more fully described 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Method of Issue 
The Covered Bonds will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Covered Bonds will be 
issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest), the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on

--- Page 55 ---
55 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
3. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the holder of such Covered Bonds, be converted into Covered Bonds in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by 
such holder shall be made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Covered Bonds 
Materialised Covered Bonds of one (1) Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status and Privilège 
(a) 
Status 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, the principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, and, where 
applicable, any related Coupons and Receipts are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 4(b), privileged obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present and 
future obligations (including the French and German law Covered Bonds of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège described in Condition 4(b). 
(b) 
Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) 
The principal and interest to be paid under the Covered Bonds will benefit from the privilège (statutory 
priority in right of payment) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(the "Privilège"). 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the French 
Commercial Code), pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code: 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and 
securities referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 and L. 513-29 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, including, as from 8 July 2022, any mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or 
indemnity relating thereto, and forward financial instruments referred to in Article L. 513-10 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, in each case after any applicable set-off, together with 
the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, shall be allocated in

--- Page 56 ---
56 
priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
(such as the Covered Bonds) and any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from 
the Privilège; 
(ii) 
prior to 8 July 2022, in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), and as 
from 8 July 2022, in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under the 
obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) or any other resources or 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority 
to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège 
have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and 
rights of the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; 
(iii) 
prior to 8 July 2022, the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer will not, and as 
from 8 July 2022, neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code against the Issuer  will result in the obligations de financement de l'habitat (such 
as the Covered Bonds) and the other debts benefiting from the Privilège becoming due and 
payable. 
5. 
Covenants 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, is 
outstanding:  
(a) 
Negative Pledge  
Except as otherwise permitted according to the Program Documents for the purpose of the refinancing 
tool provided for in the SFH Legal Framework, the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any 
privilege, mortgage, charge, pledge or other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) upon any of its 
assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Undertaking (as defined below) of, or 
guaranteed by, the Issuer; 
where "Relevant Undertaking" means any present or future (i) indebtedness for borrowed money 
and/or (ii) undertaking in relation to interest or currency swap transactions. 
(b) 
Limitation on Indebtedness 
The Issuer undertakes not to incur any indebtedness other than as contemplated by the Program 
Documents unless: 
(i) 
such indebtedness is fully subordinated to the outstanding indebtedness incurred in relation to 
the Covered Bonds, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
prior Rating Affirmation has been delivered in relation to such indebtedness.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(c) 
Restrictions on mergers or reorganisations 
The Issuer undertakes not to enter into any merger, re-organisation or similar transaction without prior 
Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation of S&P, and notification of Moody's and Fitch. 
(d) 
Separateness covenants 
The Issuer undertakes (except as permitted under the Program Documents or the Issuer's by-laws): 
(i) 
to maintain books and records separate from any other person or entity; 
(ii) 
to maintain its accounts separate from those of any other person or entity; 
(iii) 
not to commingle assets with those of any other entity; 
(iv) 
to conduct its own business in its own name; 
(v) 
to maintain separate financial statements; 
(vi) 
to pay its own liabilities out of its own funds; 
(vii) 
to observe all corporate, partnership or other formalities required by its constituting documents; 
(viii) not to guarantee or to become obligated for the debts of any other entity or to hold out its credit 
as being available to satisfy the obligations of others;  
(ix) 
not to acquire capital shares of its partners or shareholders; 
(x) 
to use its own separate stationery, invoices and cheques; 
(xi) 
to hold itself out as a separate entity; 
(xii) 
not to have any employees; 
(xiii) not to voluntarily wind up; and  
(xiv) to correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity. 
(e) 
Amortisation Test 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the 
Amortisation Test. For the purposes hereof, the terms of the section "ASSET MONITORING" of the 
Base Prospectus are incorporated by reference in this Condition 5 (e).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(f) 
Program Documents 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Program Document(s) to which it is a party, the 
Issuer undertakes that no amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to any 
Program Document to which it is a party without prior Rating Affirmation if the same materially and 
adversely affects the interests of the Issuer or the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may amend, modify, alter or supplement any Program Document 
to which it is a party without prior Rating Affirmation: 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to any Program Document to which it is a party to any 
successor; 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under any Program 
Document to which it is a party; or 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
In addition, the Issuer undertakes that: 
(i) 
each Program Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will include limited 
recourse language pursuant to which the creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of the 
Covered Bonds) will agree that their recourse will be limited to the funds that are available to 
the Issuer at any relevant date; and 
(ii) 
each Program Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will also include non-
petition language, whereby the creditors of the Issuer (including the holders of the Covered 
Bonds) will agree not to commence or to join any proceedings for the insolvency of the Issuer 
prior to the end of an eighteen (18) month period after all Covered Bonds have been paid and 
discharged in full. 
(g) 
Notification of Issuer Events of Default 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer undertakes to promptly inform the Rating Agencies, the 
Representative and the Administrator of the occurrence of any Issuer Event of Default. Upon receipt of 
a written request from the Rating Agencies, the Representative or the Administrator, the Issuer will 
confirm to the Rating Agencies, the Representative and the Administrator that, save as previously 
notified to the Rating Agencies, the Representative and the Administrator or as notified in such 
confirmation, no Issuer Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
(h) 
No further Issuance 
The Issuer undertakes not to issue any further Covered Bonds (including German law Covered Bonds) 
under the Program: 
(i) 
as from the date a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in the section "THE MAIN 
PROGRAM DOCUMENTS - The Borrower Facility Agreement" of the Base Prospectus) 
has been served, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 20; 
(ii) 
as from the date an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(iii) 
for so long as a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test (as defined in the section "ASSET 
MONITORING" of the Base Prospectus) has occurred and is not remedied, except for the 
purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 
20;  
(iv) 
for so long as a Non Compliance with Amortisation Test (as defined in the section "ASSET 
MONITORING" of the Base Prospectus) has occurred and is not remedied, except for the 
purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 
20; or 
(v) 
for so long as, regarding the Pre-Maturity Test (as defined in the section "ASSET 
MONITORING" of the Base Prospectus), a Cash Collateral Funding Notice (as defined in the 
section "ASSET MONITORING" of the Base Prospectus) has been delivered and the required 
Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount (CCRFA) has not been funded within the required 
time frame, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in 
accordance with Condition 20. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., in their updated versions applicable as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., in their updated versions applicable as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series, as may be supplemented, amended or superseded. 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Bondholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (i) above 
does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, formula

--- Page 60 ---
60 
or methodology in customary market usage, the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and as 
independent expert in the performance of its duty, determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of a Successor Rate, an alternative Benchmark which the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(ii) and 
which is customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period 
and in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
"Automatic Change of Interest Basis" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 6(d)(ii). 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either, 
EURIBOR, SARON or any other reference rate that might replace them or any other reference rate as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iv). 
"Benchmark Event" means, in the determination of the Issuer, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or will, on or before a specified 
date, cease to provide the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor of the 
Original Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Original Reference 
Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Original Reference Rate, or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (provided that, at that time, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to the Original Reference Rate); and/or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means (a) the Original Reference 
Rate is no longer or will no longer be representative of the underying market and 
such representativness will not be restored or (b) its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences (generally or with respect to securities such as 
the Covered Bonds); and/or 
(iv) 
it has become or will become prohibited or unlawful for any Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Bondholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmark Regulation, if applicable); and/or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(v) 
a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmark Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted. 
Provided that, in case of subparagraphs (i), and (ii), the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Benchmark, in the case of 
subparagraphs (iv), (v) and (vi), the Benchmark Event shall occur, respectively, on 
the date of such non-representativeness, prohibition, restrictions or adverse 
consequences of use of the Benchmark or, the date of withdrawal of the 
authorization or registration of the relevant administrator, and not, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the date of the relevant public statement. 
"Benchmark Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real 
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (TARGET2) or any successor thereto 
(the "TARGET System") is operating (a "TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one (1) or more additional business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in 
the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres 
so specified. 
"Business Day Convention" means in relation to an Interest Payment Date, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day, or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day, 
as further specified in Condition 6(b) in relation to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and in Condition 6(c) in 
relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"):

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-
five (365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 
three hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360). 
(v) 
when "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
when "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1)]+ (D2 –D1) 
360 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
"Effective Date" means, as the context requires: 
(i) 
with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; or 
(ii) 
with respect to the Collateral Security Agreement and the Cash Collateral Agreement, the date 
upon which a first Borrower Advance shall have been made available by the Lender to the 
Borrower subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility 
Agreement; 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the EU that have adopted or adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from 
time to time. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date.  
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the issue date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) 
the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Issuer Change of Interest Basis" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 6(d)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Benchmark used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
"Page" means the display page on the relevant financial information service designated in the relevant 
Final Terms, that displays the Relevant Rate or Relevant Rates, any successor page thereto or such other 
page as may replace it on that financial information service, or on such other equivalent financial 
information service as may be determined by the Calculation Agent or, in connection with the 
determination of the Replacement Rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent, for the purpose of 
displaying equivalent or comparable rates to the Relevant Rate. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
(4) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark 
(which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro Zone). 
"Reference Rate Determination Agent" means:  
i. 
an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent financial adviser 
of recognised standing with appropriate expertise or a broker-dealer in the principal financial 
center of the Specified Currency, or  
ii. 
if no such independent financial institution or independent financial adviser can be appointed, 
any entity within the Crédit Agricole Group (other than the Issuer),  
in each case as appointed by the Issuer under Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(i) at its own expense and, at all 
times, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment 
in respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds if earlier the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to 
the holders of such Materialised Covered Bonds that, upon further presentation of the Materialised 
Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro 
Zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Benchmark: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Benchmark relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Benchmark; 
or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Benchmark relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Benchmark, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on 
the Effective Date, subject as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B) (Screen Rate Determination). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page on the source in each case specified in the Final Terms or such 
successor page or source determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this 
purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro Zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Replacement Reference Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iv).  
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the time. 
"Screen Page Reference Rate" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)a. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate, the duration specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii). 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, 
having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Covered Bonds and the nature of the 
Issuer. 
"Switch Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 6(d)(i). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an Interest 
Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is the Following Business 
Day Convention; or the Modified Following Business Day Convention; or the Preceding Business Day 
Convention. 
 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, the Business Day Convention is (A) if the Business Day 
Convention specified is the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following 
Business Day Convention, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention or (D) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" 
basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that 
Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period or such 
other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity, "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph ‘Floating Rate Option’ specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination  
a. 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds – general 
provisions: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the following: 
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate appearing on such Page (the “Screen Page Reference 
Rate”) (where such Relevant Rate is a composite quotation or is 
customarily supplied by one (1) entity) at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or  
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant 
Rates appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such Page at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date as disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any);  
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(1)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (1)(II) applies and fewer than 
two (2) Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting 
to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), and

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates 
(being the nearest equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two (2) out of five (5) leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-Zone 
as selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are 
quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a 
period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on 
business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two (2) 
of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than 
two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the last Relevant Rate plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) available on the Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent except that if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines 
that the absence of quotation is due to the discontinuation of the Benchmark, then 
the provisions of Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. will apply.  
b. Provisions specific to SARON as the Relevant Rate 
 
(x) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and SARON is specified as the Relevant Rate in 
the Final Terms in respect of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be equal to the SARON Benchmark, plus or minus (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date.  
 
The “SARON Benchmark” will be determined based on either SARON Compound or SARON 
Index Determination, as follows (subject to paragraph (y) below): 
(1) if SARON Compound (“SARON Compound”) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the SARON Benchmark for each Interest Period shall be equal to the value of the 
SARON rates for each day during the relevant Interest Period (where SARON Compound with 
Lookback is specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine SARON Compound), 
Observation Period (where SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms to determine SARON Compound) or Interest Accrual Period (where 
SARON Compound with Payment Delay is specified in the relevant Final Terms to determine 
SARON Compound). 
SARON Compound shall be calculated in accordance with one of the formulas referenced below: 
a) SARON Compound with Lookback: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SARON௜ି௫௓஻஽× 𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
ቍ× 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case 
on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi-xZBD” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal to the 
SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day falling a number of Zurich Banking Days prior to 
that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
b) SARON Compound with Observation Period Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + SARON௜× 𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
ቍ× 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich Banking 
Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such day “i” up to (but excluding) the following Zurich 
Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case 
on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to 
SARON in respect of that day “i”; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
c) SARON Compound with Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁௜ × 𝑛௜
360
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
ቍ× 360
𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Period” each period from (and including) an Interest Accrual Period End 
Date (or in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the bonds prior to the Maturity Date, 
the redemption date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment 
Delay following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date 
with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the bonds prior to the Maturity Date, the redemption date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” mean the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end 
of each Interest Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day “i" up to (but excluding) the 
following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case 
on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of that day “i";  
“SARON Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of Zurich Banking Day(s) prior 
to the end of each Interest Period, the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
For purposes of calculating SARON Compound with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, 
the level of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the SARON 
Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
shall be the level of SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
 
(2) if SARON Index Determination (“SARON Index Determination”) is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply and the SARON Benchmark for 
each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily SARON as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
൬𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1൰× 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d”, means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SAION 
Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SAION Index End is 
determined;  
“Relevant Number” means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if 
no such number is specified, five); 
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day as provided by the SARON Administrator 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case 
on the Zurich Banking Day immediately following such Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARON Index End” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SARON Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to (A) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“SARON Index Start” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SARON Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period;  
“SARON Index” means the screen rate or index for compounded daily SARON rates 
administered by the SARON Administrator that is published or displayed by such administrator 
or other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich for the 
settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(3) If the relevant SARON Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of the 
SARON or other information service by 6.00 p.m. (Zurich time) (or, if later, by the time falling 
one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SARON or of such other 
information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SARON 
Benchmark for the applicable Interest Period for which the SAION Index is not available shall 
be determined as set out under Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)d.(x)(1)b) above as if SARON Compound 
with Observation Period Shift were specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and for 
these purposes the Observation Shift Days in respect of the applicable Interest Period for which 
the SARON Index is not available shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of Zurich 
Banking Days, as if such alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(y) If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the “SARON Screen Page”) at 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event 
and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both occurred on or prior to the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be 
the rate equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website.  
 
(z) If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day and both a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich 
Banking Day:  
 
a. if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate for such 
Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day; or  
 
b. if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of 
the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the 
“SNB Policy Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, 
if any.  
 
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB 
Policy Rate as specified above (the “SARON Replacement Rate”) will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Covered Bonds.  
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph (z), if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, no SARON 
Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent, and the SARON Replacement Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last SARON available on the SARON Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of 
this paragraph fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. 
shall apply and references to Screen Page Reference Rate shall be deemed to be references to 
SARON Screen Page.  
 
In connection with the SARON provisions above, the following definitions apply:  
 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange or any successor administrator of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON Administrator; and  
 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of:  
 
a. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause a. of the 
definition thereof, the date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight;  
 
b. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause b.(x) of 
the definition thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of such statement or publication, (ii) the date, if 
any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight will no longer be representative, and (iii) if a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in clause b.(y) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both dates specified 
in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause b., the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used; and  
 
c. in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause b.(y) of 
the definition thereof, the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used;  
 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
  
a. a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON Administrator, 
or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or  
 
b. a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator or any 
competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer 
representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative and the representativness 
will not be restored in the future, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used 
after a certain date, which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not 
necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and derivatives; 
 
“SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
formula or methodology for calculating such a spread,  
 
a. that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to which 
such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or  
 
b. if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in clause a. above, to be applied to such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Bondholders as a result of 
the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
 
“SARON Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or committee in 
Switzerland organized in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering 
proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or 
committee, the “SARON Recommending Body”);  
 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; and  
 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be applied 
to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Bondholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes 
of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two year period 
ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one 
SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
 
c. 
Benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined and a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate (other than SARON, except  as otherwise provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)b. at 
any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, when the Conditions of any 
Covered Bonds provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and 
prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)a. 
i. 
Reference Rate Determination Agent 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint a Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date), to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if 
any (in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iv)). 
A Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent expert 
in the performance of its duties.. 
ii. 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent, determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of

--- Page 76 ---
76 
interest on the Covered Bonds falling on or after such determination but not 
earlier than the actual disconstinuation of the Original Reference Rate 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds falling on 
or after such determination but not earlier than the actual disconstinuation 
of the Original Reference Rate (subject to the operation of this Condition 
6(c)(iii)(B)c.). 
iii. 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) 
by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
iv. 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c., if the Reference Rate Determination Agent has 
determined an Alternative Rate or Successor Rate in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(iii)(B)c. (such rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate"), for purposes of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
such determination but not earlier than the actual discontinuation of the Original 
Reference Rate (i) the Reference Rate Determination Agent will also determine changes 
(if any) to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest 
determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the Original Reference Rate, in each case in a manner that 
is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate (the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) references to the Reference Rate in the Conditions 
and the Final Terms applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds will be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c., then the Issuer shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c.(iv), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Bondholders, vary these Conditions to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
v. 
Notices 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 18, the Bondholders, promptly 
of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. Such notice

--- Page 77 ---
77 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, 
if any. 
The Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, where applicable, 
the Adjustment Spread (if any) and/or the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), specified in such notice, will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Bondholders, unless the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and as an independent expert in the performance of its duties, considers at a later 
date that the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
Original Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted Successor Rate, in 
which case the Issuer shall re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may 
or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for 
the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as above. If the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain 
unchanged.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the 
Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to the Replacement Reference Rate. 
Each Bondholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or 
such other changes pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c., including for the execution 
of any documents or other steps by the Paying Agents (if required). 
vi. 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c., if, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Reference Rate 
Determination Agent has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the Rate of Interest will be equal to 
the last Original Reference Rate (plus or minus the Margin, if any, as applicable) available 
on the Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c., on one or more 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)c. (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 6(c)(iii)(B), 
will continue to apply). 
(iv) 
No negative interest: In any cases, if the calculated rate of interest is below zero, the Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Rate of Interest" shall refer to 
the relevant rate plus any relevant margin.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds for which a change of interest basis (the "Change of 
Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from 
a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to 
change of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective 
after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Bondholders within the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate on the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Where a Covered Bond the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) and is not paid when 
due, the amount due and payable prior to the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) shall, be the Early Redemption Amount. As from the Final Maturity Date (or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of 
such a Covered Bond shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (as described in Condition 7(e)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Covered Bond on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, 
upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this 
Condition 6 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one (1) or more Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) 
the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
(7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable 
shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Covered Bond for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Covered 
Bond by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond for such period shall equal 
such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be 
calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount 
or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
holders of Covered Bonds, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Covered Bonds are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated 
Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number 
as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one (1) or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Covered Bond 
is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office 
in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one (1) Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris

--- Page 80 ---
80 
office, or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended in 
accordance with the paragraph below, each Covered Bond shall be finally redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided in these Conditions, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Covered Bond falling 
within Condition 7(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
As specified in the Final Terms of the relevant Series, Covered Bonds may have: 
(i) 
hard bullet maturities (which means with no Extended Final Maturity Date, as defined below); 
or 
(ii) 
soft bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended),  
provided that:  
(A) 
an extended Final Maturity Date (the "Extended Final Maturity Date") is specified as 
applying in relation to such Series in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
as from the entry into force on 8 July 2022 of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 
dated 30 June 2021 and the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, the maturity 
extension trigger event(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms (each such event, a 
"Maturity Extension Trigger Event") comply with the conditions set out in Articles L. 
513-30 and R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as such Articles will 
come into force on 8 July 2022).  
If (i) prior to 8 July 2022, the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer 
on the Final Maturity Date or (ii) as from 8 July 2022, a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs, the 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and 
payable one (1) year later on the Extended Final Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on 
any Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at 
the relevant newly applicable Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and be payable 
on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 7, or the relevant 
Instalment Date (being one (1) of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended pursuant 
to any Issuer's or Bondholders' option in accordance with Conditions 7(c) or 7(d), each Covered Bond 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding 
nominal amount of each such Covered Bond shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Covered 
Bond, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of 
the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Covered

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Bonds, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds on 
presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the 
Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance 
by the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 18 
to the holders of Covered Bonds redeem in relation to all or, if so provided, some, of the Covered 
Bonds on any Optional Redemption Date as the case may be. Any such redemption of Covered 
Bonds shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Covered Bonds of a nominal 
amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Covered Bonds in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds, the notice to holders 
of such Materialised Covered Bonds shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner 
as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the redemption 
may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Covered Bonds and, in 
such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised Covered Bonds that will be fully 
redeemed and those Dematerialised Covered Bonds of any Series that will not be redeemed shall 
be made in accordance with Article R. 213-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws 
and Regulated Market requirements. 
(ii) 
So long as the Covered Bonds are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules 
thereof so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Covered Bonds, cause to be published either on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) or in a leading financial newspaper of general circulation in France, which is expected 
to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding 
and, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds a list of any Materialised Covered Bonds, drawn 
for redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of Bondholders and Exercise of Bondholders' Option 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Bondholder, 
upon the Bondholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to 
the Issuer redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the Bondholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business

--- Page 82 ---
82 
hours from any Paying Agent within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, the 
Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Covered Bonds (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the 
Bondholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised Covered Bonds to be redeemed 
to the account of the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. 
No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Covered Bond so deposited or transferred, may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond, 
upon redemption of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 7(f) or (g) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Covered Bond. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal amount of 
any such Covered Bond (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Covered Bond on the Final Maturity Date discounted 
at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the amortisation yield (which 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Covered Bonds if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) (the "Amortisation Yield") compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Covered Bond upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 7(f) or 7(g) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Covered Bond shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such 
Covered Bond as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the date on which the Covered Bond becomes due and payable 
was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Final Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount 
of such Covered Bond on the Final Maturity Date together with any interest that may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 6(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Covered Bonds 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond (other than Covered 
Bonds described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 
7(f) or 7(g) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons  
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the 
occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds, not be

--- Page 83 ---
83 
able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 9(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five 
(45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 18, redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered 
Bonds at their Early Redemption Amount together with, any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
principal and interest without withholding for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, 
be prevented by French law from making payment to the Bondholders or, if applicable, 
Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 9(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice 
of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) days' 
prior notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with, any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date 
the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Bondholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable 
in respect of the Covered Bonds and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series shall be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives, in whole, but not in part, at any time, on 
giving not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 18 to the holders of Covered Bonds, if the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately 
before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered 
Bonds of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any 
Borrower Advance made by it to the Borrower or to comply with any other of its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds of that Series, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two (2) representatives of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to 
accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Bondholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(g) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in paragraph 7(e) above together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption, if any.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by 
tender offer) at any price. 
Covered Bonds so purchased by the Issuer may be either (i) held and resold, or (ii) cancelled in 
accordance with Condition 7(i) below, all in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
(i) 
Cancellation 
Covered Bonds which have been purchased for cancellation, must be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear France, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, by surrendering the relevant Temporary 
Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds in question, together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Covered Bonds redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled or annotated forthwith, as the case may be, (together with, in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to 
such Dematerialised Covered Bonds and, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Covered Bonds so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Covered Bonds shall be 
discharged. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made 
by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully 
registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
relevant holder of Covered Bonds. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be 
an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds  
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified 
Currency may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a Bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Euro, shall be any country in the Euro Zone.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Covered 
Bonds, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, 
its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, other than the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner 
provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding 
paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of the relevant Covered Bond in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each 
Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bond to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bond to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond becomes due and payable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include 
Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 11) or, if later, 
five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no 
event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), all unmatured Talons 
(if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) 
the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date

--- Page 86 ---
86 
shall be payable only against presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bond. 
(iii) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Covered Bonds are denominated in U.S. 
dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying 
Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Covered Bonds in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives 
but without prejudice to Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of such 
payments. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents the Registrar, the Registration Agent, the Exchange Agent and the 
Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are set forth in 
the Agency Agreement. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents the Registrar, the Exchange Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent 
experts(s) and, in each case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Bondholder 
or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation 
Agent and to appoint other Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s) Registrar, Registration Agent(s), Exchange 
Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation 
Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one (1) or more 
Calculation Agent(s) and an Exchange Agent where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents 
having specified offices in at least two (2) major European cities (and ensuring the financial services of 
the Covered Bonds in France so long as the Covered Bonds are listed and traded on Euronext Paris and, 
so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of the EEA, such 
other city where the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by 
the rules of any other Regulated Market on which the Covered Bonds may be admitted to trading.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 18. 
(e) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Covered Bond, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent outside the United States in exchange for a further

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons 
that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(f) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business Day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day, nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on which Euroclear France 
is open for business or (ii) in the case of all other Covered Bonds, on which Banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a 
currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a 
Bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the case of a payment 
in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(g) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Covered Bond, 
Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or 
duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Bondholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Bondholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder who is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with 
the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Covered Bond, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
More than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Bondholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting it (or the Certificate representing it, as applicable) for payment where 
presentation is required, on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
References in these Conditions to (A) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (B) "interest" 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6

--- Page 88 ---
88 
or any amendment or supplement to it and (C) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
10. 
Events of Default  
Subject to the legal framework applicable to an SFH, if an Issuer Event of Default occurs in respect of 
any Series of French law Covered Bonds, the Representative (i) may, at its discretion, or (ii) shall, if so 
directed by the Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer Event of Default is a Covered Bonds Cross 
Acceleration Event, upon written notice (an "Issuer Enforcement Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Issuer (with copy to the Administrator and to the Rating Agencies) given before all defaults have been 
cured, cause the principal amount of all Covered Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but 
subject to the relevant Priority Payment Order), together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the 
date on which such notice for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Covered Bonds, Receipts 
and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from 
the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
12. 
Representation of Bondholders  
In respect of the representation of Bondholders, the following shall apply: 
(a) 
Full Masse 
(i) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify "Full Masse", the Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches 
in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse"). The provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code relating 
to the masse shall apply as completed by and subject to the below provisions of this Condition 
12(a) and Conditions 12(c) to 12(i). 
(ii) 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative (as defined 
in Condition 12(c) below) and in part through a general meeting of the Bondholders (a “General 
Meeting”) or through a Written Resolution (as defined in Condition 12(e) below). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual holders of Covered Bonds, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with 
respect to the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Contractual Masse 
(i) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Bondholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
contractual Masse which will be subject to the provisions of this Condition 12(b) and Conditions 
12(c) to 12(i). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Commercial Code with the exception 
of Articles L. 228-48, L. 228-56, L. 228-59, R. 228-63, R. 228-67, R. 228-69, the second 
paragraph of Article L. 228-65, the second sentence of Article L. 228-71 and Article L.228-65 I. 
1° and 4° and the related provisions of the French Commercial Code, subject to the following 
provisions.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(ii) 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative (as defined 
in Condition 12(c) below) and in part through the General Meeting or through a Written 
Resolution (as described in Condition 12(e) below). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual holders of Covered Bonds, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with 
respect to the Covered Bonds. 
(iii) 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality. However, the 
following persons may not be chosen as Representatives: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its board of directors (conseil d'administration), its 
chief executive officers (directeurs généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees 
and their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
(B) 
companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations of the Issuer, their respective 
managers (gérants), chief executive officers (directeurs généraux), members of 
their board of directors, executive board or supervisory board, their statutory 
auditors, their employees and their ascendants, descendants and spouses; or 
(C) 
companies holding directly ten per cent. (10%) or more of the share capital of the 
Issuer or companies having ten per cent. (10%) or more of their share capital held 
by the Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of 
the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the initial representative (the "Representative") of the Masse and its 
alternate as well as its remuneration will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of French law Covered Bonds will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series.  
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of each Series of Covered Bonds will be F&S Financial Services, Vincent Fabié, domiciled at 
8 rue du Mont-Thabor, 75001 Paris, France. 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, the alternate representative shall be Aether 
Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 75008 Paris, France. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, dissolution resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
initial Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate. In the event of death, 
liquidation, retirement, dissolution, resignation or revocation of appointment of the alternate 
Representative, another Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified offices 
of any of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) have 
the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Bondholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Bondholders or initiated by them must be brought by or against the 
Representative except that, should safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be commenced against the Issuer, 
the Specific Controller would file the proof of debt of all creditors (including the holders of the Covered 
Bonds) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article L. 513-24 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code. 
(d) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One (1) or more holders of French law Covered Bonds, holding together at least one-
thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of the French law Covered Bonds outstanding, may address to 
the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such General 
Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, the holders of French law 
Covered Bonds may commission one (1) of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the right of each Bondholder to 
participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Bondholder 
as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the 
relevant General Meeting.  
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 18 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each holder of a French law Covered Bond has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person 
or by proxy or by video conference or any other electronic devices which allow the identification of the 
Bondholders. Each French law Covered Bond carries the right to one (1) vote or, in the case of French 
law Covered Bonds issued with more than one (1) Specified Denomination, one (1) vote in respect of 
each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified 
Denomination of such French law Covered Bond. 
The General Meeting is empowered to deliberate on the dismissal and replacement of the Representative 
and the alternate representative and also may act with respect to any other matter that relates to the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the French 
law Covered Bonds, including authorising the Representative to act at law as plaintiff or defendant. 
The General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy 
or which were the subject of judicial decisions, it being specified, however, that the General Meeting 
may not increase amounts payable by holders of French law Covered Bonds, nor establish any unequal 
treatment between the holders of French law Covered Bonds. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if holders of French law Covered 
Bonds present or represented hold at least a fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the French law Covered 
Bonds then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings

--- Page 91 ---
91 
shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes cast by holders of French law Covered Bonds 
attending such General Meetings or represented thereat except if the Masse is a Contractual Masse, or 
when the General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for a merger or demerger of the Issuer in the 
circumstances provided for under Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Commercial Code, in 
which cases, decisions will be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by holders of French law Covered 
Bonds attending such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions must be published in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 18. 
(e) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code, but in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General 
Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Bondholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject 
to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Bondholders. Pursuant to 
Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Commercial Code approval of a Written Resolution 
may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Bondholders 
(“Electronic Consent”). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 18 not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). Notices seeking the approval of 
a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the 
Bondholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. 
Bondholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake 
not to dispose of their Covered Bonds until after the Written Resolution Date. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the 
Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding.  
For the purpose hereof: 
references to “Covered Bonds” and “Bondholders” are only to the Covered Bonds of one or several 
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the 
Covered Bonds of one several Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which a Written Resolution has 
been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Covered Bonds respectively; 
references to a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the Bondholders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding. References to a Written 
Resolution include, unless the context otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent.  
(f) 
Information to Bondholders 
Each holder of French law Covered Bonds or Representative thereof will have the right, during the 
fifteen (15)-calendar day period preceding the holding of each General Meeting or, in the case of a 
Written Resolution, the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be presented in connection 
with such resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant holders of French law 
Covered Bonds at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(g) 
Expenses 
The Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating to 
the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing by the 
Bondholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the French law Covered Bonds. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
The holders of French law Covered Bonds of the same Series, and the holders of Covered Bonds of any 
other Series which have been consolidated (assimilées for the purposes of French law) with the Covered 
Bonds of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 16, shall, for the defence of their 
respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of 
the first Tranche or Series of French law Covered Bonds will be the Representative of the single Masse 
of all such Series. 
(i) 
Sole Bondholder 
If and for so long as the French law Covered Bonds of any Series are held by a sole Bondholder and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, the provisions of this Condition 
12 shall not apply. Such sole Bondholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the French 
law Covered Bonds of such Series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the expression "outstanding" shall not include the 
Covered Bonds subscribed or purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
13. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Covered Bonds, a Certificate, Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and 
notice of whose designation is given to Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Certificate, Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to 
the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Certificates, Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Certificates, Materialised Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Limited recourse, Non-petition  
Limited recourse  
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will be automatically deemed to have agreed:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(i) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds and these Conditions against any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer, by the 
enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it 
being expressly agreed and understood that any obligation of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds 
and these Conditions is a corporate obligation of the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall 
be attached to, or be incurred by, any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer, as such, or 
any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer 
contained in these Conditions or implied therefrom and, as a condition of and in consideration 
for the issuing by the Issuer of any Covered Bond, to waive any and all personal liability of every 
such shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive 
officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its 
obligations, covenants or agreements under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions; 
(ii) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions to amounts 
payable or expressed to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations 
and liabilities under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
to the exclusion of any damage for breach of contract or other penalties not expressed as being 
payable by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions) and in accordance with 
the then applicable Priority Payment Order; 
(iii) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its 
obligations and liabilities under the Covered Bonds and/or these Conditions shall be recoverable 
only from and to the extent of the amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or (as applicable) on the relevant Final Maturity Date (or the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
(provided that, in the event that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not 
be liable to make payment of the aforementioned amounts and provided further that, in the event 
that the Available Funds at the relevant date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever 
due to it and all other claims ranking pari passu to its claims, then its claims against the Issuer 
shall be satisfied only up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds (as determined in 
accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after payment of such 
percentage, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to such amounts owed on the relevant date 
shall be discharged in full); 
(iv) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, prior to 8 July 2022, in the event of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
proceedings against the Issuer, and, as from 8 July 2022, in the event of safeguard (sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) 
proceedings against the Issuer or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from 
time to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) 
and any other resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, 
including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all 
creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may 
exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future 
interest; 
(v) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, prior to 8 July 2022, the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer will not,

--- Page 94 ---
94 
and as from 8 July 2022, neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code against the Issuer will result in the Covered Bonds and the other debts benifiting 
from the Privilège becoming due and payable; and 
(vi) 
that, in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la période 
suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by the Issuer in application of the Program 
Documents. 
Non-petition  
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will also be automatically deemed to have agreed 
that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the earlier of (i) the Final 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of the last Series issued by the 
Issuer under the Program, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and owing under the latest 
outstanding Covered Bond: 
(i) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, 
dissolution or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer of the Issuer or of any or all 
of the Issuer's revenues and assets; and 
(ii) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts 
payable to it under the Covered Bonds by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step 
to recover any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and 
subject to, the Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant Bondholder shall survive the payment of all sums owing under 
any Covered Bond and/or these Conditions.  
Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
safeguard procedure, judicial reorganisation or liquidation (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement 
ou de liquidation judiciaires) of Crédit Agricole S.A., in its capacity as shareholder of the Issuer, shall 
not be extended to the Issuer. 
15. 
Priority Payment Orders 
Any and all sums due by the Issuer under the Program (including principal and interest under the 
Covered Bonds) will be paid within the limit of the Available Funds of the Issuer at the time of such 
payment and according to the relevant Priority Payment Order described under the section "Cash Flow" 
of the Base Prospectus. As a consequence, the payment of certain sums will be subordinated to the full 
payment of other sums. Bondholders are deemed to have notice of the provisions of the section "Cash 
Flow" of the Base Prospectus. 
16. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders create and issue further Covered Bonds to be consolidated 
(assimilées) with the Covered Bonds provided such Covered Bonds and the further Covered Bonds carry

--- Page 95 ---
95 
rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal amount thereof and the 
first payment of interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Covered 
Bonds provide for such consolidation, and references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), may 
from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving 
not less than thirty (30) days' prior notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18, without 
the consent of the Bondholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Covered Bonds of 
one (1) Series denominated in Euro with the Covered Bonds of one (1) or more other Series issued by 
it, whether or not originally issued in one (1) of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Covered Bonds have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) 
and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms 
and conditions as the Covered Bonds. 
17. 
No hardship 
The provisions of Article 1195 of the French Civil Code shall not apply to the Covered Bonds and no 
claim may be brought under Article 1195 of the French Civil Code. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing, or at the option of the Issuer (ii) they are published in a leading daily financial newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) provided that, so long as 
such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of such 
Regulated Market so require, notices will only be deemed to be valid if they are published on the website 
of any relevant regulatory authority, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in 
the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, which 
in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable 
to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Covered Bonds and Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form 
(au porteur) shall be valid if published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in 
Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or, so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of such Regulated Market so require, in a 
leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market 
on which such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected 
to be Les Echos, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case 
may be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through 
which the Covered Bonds are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication 
as required by Conditions 18(a) and (b), above; provided that (i) so long as such Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices 
shall also be published in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market on which such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, which in the case

--- Page 96 ---
96 
of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long as such Covered 
Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notices shall be published as otherwise required 
by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes 
to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Covered Bonds in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Notices to be given by any Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Covered Bonds in definitive form) with the relative Covered Bonds or Covered Bonds, 
with the Paying Agent (in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds). 
(f) 
Any notice to be given to Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 shall be published on the Issuer 
website: https://www.credit-agricole.com/ and,  
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Covered Bonds in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
(4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Covered Bonds are for the time being cleared. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Governing Law 
The French law Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(ii) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Covered Bonds, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought before any competent court in Versailles. 
20. 
Subscription by the Issuer of Covered Bonds as eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer as société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH) may subscribe to its own Covered Bonds (the "Auto-held Covered 
Bonds") for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible collateral with the Banque de France in 
accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem, provided that the Issuer's liquidity needs cannot be funded 
otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The Covered Bonds thus subscribed by 
the Issuer must meet the following conditions: 
- 
the outstanding principal amount of the Auto-held Covered Bonds does not exceed ten per cent. 
(10%) of the outstanding principal amount of any liabilities of the Issuer benefiting from the 
Privilège on the subscription date of the Auto-held Covered Bonds by the Issuer;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L. 228-46 to 
L. 228-89 of the French Commercial Code for so long as they are held by the Issuer; 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are granted as collateral to the French central bank (Banque de 
France) or they are cancelled within the eight (8) calendar days from their settlement date or 
from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution. 
The cancellation of any Auto-held Covered Bond by the Issuer shall be notified by the Administrator to the Rating 
Agencies in accordance with the Administrative Agreement.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF FRENCH LAW COVERED 
BONDS WHICH ARE MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS 
The following description is only applicable to Materialised French law Covered Bonds. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Covered Bonds, which will be delivered on or prior to the 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such 
Temporary Global Certificate with a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and 
paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers 
with Euroclear, Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds will be exchangeable, free of 
charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as required under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
1.163-5 (c)(2)(i)(D)(3) or any successor regulation issued under the Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") containing rules identical to those applying under 
Code section 163(f)(2)(B) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds. 
While any Materialised Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in 
respect of such Materialised Covered Bonds prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to 
the extent that the certification described in (b) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to 
the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment 
due thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds is improperly refused or 
withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds" 
means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds for which such 
Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged in accordance with the terms hereunder (if appropriate, having

--- Page 99 ---
99 
attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Covered 
Bonds, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further 
Materialised Covered Bonds which are to be consolidated (assimilables for the purposes of French law) with such 
first mentioned Materialised Covered Bonds are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 3(b), the Exchange 
Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after the 
issue date of such further Materialised Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds with an initial maturity of more than three hundred sixty-five (365) 
days (and that are not relying on the C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated on 30 April 2001 as a French société anonyme. Its term of existence is ninety-nine 
(99) years from the date of its incorporation. The Issuer was registered with the Registre du Commerce et des 
Sociétés de Paris under number 437 667 371 until 3 September 2012 when it was changed to the Registre du 
Commerce et des Sociétés de Nanterre under number 437 667 371. The Issuer adopted the name "Crédit Agricole 
Covered Bonds" on 7 November 2007 which was changed to “Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH” on 12 April 2011 
concurrently with the adoption of the status of société de financement de l'habitat. 
From the date of its incorporation and until 29 July 2008, the Issuer was a dormant entity owned (indirectly and 
thereafter directly) by Crédit Agricole S.A. holding only some securities issued by French UCITS corresponding 
to the investment of its own funds. On July 2008, the Issuer established a program for the issue of contractual 
covered bonds. As a result of the Issuer's adoption of the status of société de financement de l'habitat, such 
contractual covered bonds automatically benefit from the Privilège from 12 April 2011 onward. 
The Issuer was licensed by the French banking regulator (the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) as a 
credit institution (établissement de crédit), with the status of a financial company (société financière) and with 
limited and exclusive purpose, on 13 November 2007. 
Following the enactment of Law no. 2010-1249 dated 22 October 2010 on banking and financial regulation (the 
"SFH Law") and of Decree no. 2011-205 dated 23 February 2011, establishing the new status of "société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH)", and in accordance with the provisions of Article 74 of the SFH Law, the Issuer 
opted for the regime of société de financement de l'habitat (SFH). On 28 March 2011, the Issuer was granted the 
right to adopt the status of société de financement de l'habitat (SFH) by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, which it exercised on 12 April 2011. 
As a result of the entry into force on 1st January 2014 of the Ordinance n° 2013-544 dated 27 June 2013 relating 
to credit institutions and financing company, the Issuer became automatically a specialised credit institution 
(établissement de crédit spécialisé) as from 1st January 2014. 
The Issuer is now governed by the SFH Legal Framework as described in section entitled "SUMMARY OF THE 
SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK". 
The Issuer's exclusive corporate purpose set out in Article 2 of the Issuer's by-laws is to finance home loans (prêts 
à l'habitat) and hold financial assets which are eligible under the SFH Legal Framework and in order to finance 
such transactions, the Issuer may issue bonds called obligations de financement de l'habitat that benefit from the 
Privilège (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the Privilège) and may also issue ordinary bonds or 
raise other sources of financing which do not benefit from the Privilège in accordance with, and subject to, the 
SFH Legal Framework.  
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 12 place des Etats-Unis, 92120 
Montrouge, France since 1 July 2012. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is: +33 1 41 89 05 19.  
The Issuer is the dedicated société de financement de l’habitat of the Crédit Agricole Group, issuing Covered 
Bonds (obligations de financement de l’habitat).  
Description of the Crédit Agricole Group

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Crédit Agricole S.A. is the lead bank of the “Crédit Agricole Group”, which is composed of the “Crédit Agricole 
S.A. Group” (comprising Crédit Agricole S.A. and its consolidated subsidiaries), the Regional Banks (as defined 
below), the Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole (the “Local Banks”) and their respective subsidiaries.  
The Crédit Agricole Group is France’s largest banking group, and one of the largest in the world, in each case 
based on shareholders’ equity. As at 31 December 2020, Crédit Agricole S.A. had €1,961.1 billion of total 
consolidated assets, €65.2 billion in shareholders’ equity (excluding minority interests), €881.9 billion of customer 
deposits and €1,729 billion of assets under management.  
The current structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is the result of the following changes: Credit Agricole S.A., 
formerly known as the Caisse Nationale de Crédit Agricole (“CNCA”), was created by public decree in 1920 to 
distribute advances to and monitor a group of regional mutual banks known as the Caisses Régionales de Crédit 
Agricole Mutuel (the “Regional Banks”) on behalf of the French State. In 1988, the French State privatized CNCA 
in a mutualization process, transferring the majority of its interest in CNCA to the Regional Banks. In 2001, the 
Crédit Agricole S.A. was listed on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris. At the time of the listing, Crédit 
Agricole S.A. acquired approximately 25% interests in each of the Regional Banks except the Caisse Régionale 
de la Corse (100% of which was acquired by Crédit Agricole S.A. in 2008). On 3 August 2016, Crédit Agricole 
S.A. transferred substantially all of its interests in the Regional Banks (except the Caisse Régionale de la Corse) 
to a company wholly owned by the Regional Banks. 
As a result of these changes, the organisational structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is as follow as of 31 
December 2020:

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
The structure of the Crédit Agricole Group is different from that of other major banking groups 
Crédit Agricole S.A.does not have any ownership interest in the Regional Banks (other than the Caisse régionale 
de la Corse). As a result, the Issuer does not control the Regional Banks in the same way a majority shareholder 
would. In its capacity as central body (organe central) of the Crédit Agricole Network, Crédit Agricole S.A. has 
important powers, by virtue of legal and regulatory provisions, of control over each of the members of the Crédit 
Agricole Network (which includes the Regional Banks and Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank). 
These powers give Crédit Agricole S.A. the ability to exercise administrative, technical and financial supervision 
over the organisation and management of these institutions and to take extraordinary measures under certain 
circumstances. See “Description of the Crédit Agricole Network and the role of the Issuer as central body of the 
Crédit Agricole Network” below. 
However, Crédit Agricole S.A.’s powers over the Regional Banks differ in nature from the relationship of voting 
control that would arise from the direct ownership of a majority stake in the Regional Banks.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Description of the Crédit Agricole Network and the role of the Issuer as central body of the Crédit Agricole 
Network 
Crédit Agricole S.A. acts as the central body (organe central) of the “Crédit Agricole Network”, which is defined 
by Article R.512-18 of the French Code monétaire et financier to include primarily Crédit Agricole S.A., the 
Regional Banks and the Local Banks and also other affiliated members (primarily Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank). Crédit Agricole S.A. coordinates the Regional Banks’ commercial and marketing strategy, and 
through its specialized subsidiaries, designs and manages financial products that are distributed primarily by the 
Regional Banks and LCL. In addition, Crédit Agricole S.A., as part of its duties as the central body of the Crédit 
Agricole Network, acts as “central bank” to such network with regard to refinancing, supervision and reporting to 
the regulatory authorities, and manages and monitors the credit and financial risks of all the Crédit Agricole 
Network. 
Pursuant to Article L.511-31 of the French Code monétaire et financier, as the central body of the Crédit Agricole 
Network, Crédit Agricole S.A. must take all necessary measures to guarantee the liquidity and solvency of each 
member of the Crédit Agricole Network and of the Crédit Agricole Network as a whole. Each member of the 
Network (including the Issuer – the “Members of Crédit Agricole Network”) benefits from this statutory 
financial support mechanism and contributes thereto. In addition, the Regional Banks guarantee, through a joint 
and several guarantee (the “1988 Guarantee”), all of the obligations of Crédit Agricole S.A.to third parties, should 
the assets of Crédit Agricole S.A. be insufficient after its liquidation or dissolution. The potential liability of the 
Regional Banks under the 1988 Guarantee is equal to the aggregate of their share capital, reserves and retained 
earnings.  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive" or the "BRRD"), which was implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance portant diverses 
dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) dated 20 August 
2015, as modified by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (and furher 
amending Directive 98/26/EC) (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II"), which was 
implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le 
secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020, establishes a resolution regime with respect to credit institutions that 
are failing or likely to fail, or that require extraordinary financial public support. This resolution regime does not 
affect the statutory financial support mechanism provided for in Article L.511-31 of the French Monetary : Credit 
Agricole S.A. believes that, in practice, this statutory financial support mechanism would be exercised prior to the 
implementation of any resolution measures and that the commencement of a resolution procedure with respect to 
the Crédit Agricole Group would thus imply that the statutory financial support mechanism was insufficient to 
address the failure of one or more members of the Crédit Agricole Network, and hence of the Crédit Agricole 
Network as a whole. However, the application of the resolution regime to Crédit Agricole Group is likely to limit 
the cases in which a demand for payment may be made under the 1988 Guarantee, insofar as the statutory financial 
support mechanism would be applied before a resolution procedure is commenced and resolution measures would 
diminish the risk of liquidation or dissolution of the Credit Agricole Group. 
This Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole S.A.  
As of 12 February 2022, the outstanding amount of the covered bonds issued by the Issuer is €31,173 million net 
principal amount, as compared to €33,284 million net principal amount on 31 December 2020. Such covered bonds 
are scheduled to mature no later than September 2038. Two new issues for a global amount of €2,250 million and 
the redemption of four issues for a global amount of €4,633 million account for the variation since end 2020, 
excluding forex effect.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
The Issuer relies on third parties who have agreed to perform services for the Issuer. In particular, the Issuer relies 
on Crédit Agricole S.A., members of the Crédit Agricole Network and LCL (or their respective successors) for: 
- 
the management of its operations in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
its risk management; 
- 
the origination and monitoring of the Home Loans granted as Collateral Security (as defined hereafter in 
item B.15); 
- 
the hedging of its obligations under the Covered Bonds; 
- 
the provision of liquidity; 
- 
the opening and operation of certain of its bank accounts. 
Without prejudice to the Collateral Security, it is also exposed to the credit risk of Crédit Agricole S.A. as Borrower 
under the Borrower Advances granted by the Issuer. 
Due to the fact that the entities listed hereabove are acting in several capacities in the operation of the Issuer, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Program. 
Issuer's Activities 
Issuer’s activities are limited to the transactions expressly authorized by the SFH Legal Framework. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the sole activity of the Issuer is to issue Covered Bonds from time to time that 
benefit from the Privilège, as described in this Base Prospectus, and to use the proceeds thereof to fund advances 
(each, a "Borrower Advance", as lender (in such capacity the "Lender"), to Crédit Agricole S.A., as borrower (in 
such capacity, the "Borrower") under a credit facility agreement (the "Borrower Facility Agreement"). For a 
description of the Borrower Facility Agreement, see section entitled "THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS 
- The Borrower Facility Agreement".

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
The following is a brief summary of certain material elements of the structure of the Program and parties only and 
should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base Prospectus. 
The Borrower Advances are made available to the Borrower for the purpose of enabling it to finance its general 
financial needs, including enabling the Borrower to make advances to its regional banks and its subsidiaries, as 
Collateral Providers, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Security Agreement. Pursuant 
to the Collateral Security Agreement, the Collateral Providers grant "Eligible Assets" as Collateral Security for the 
benefit of the Lender in order to secure, as they become due and payable, the payment of all amounts owed by the 
Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement. See section entitled "THE MAIN PROGRAM 
DOCUMENTS - The Collateral Security Agreement". 
Pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement and in accordance with the SFH Legal Framework, the Collateral 
Providers and Crédit Agricole S.A., as Collateral Providers' Agent, are required to monitor the Collateral Security 
Assets to ensure compliance with an Asset Cover Test and a Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio, as such 
terms are defined herein under "ASSET MONITORING". In addition, Crédit Agricole S.A., as Cash Collateral 
Provider, is required to fund a Cash Collateral Account up to an amount determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement. See the section entitled "ASSET MONITORING". 
Eligible Assets 
An "Eligible Asset" under the Collateral Security Agreement means any Home Loan Receivable that complies (or 
whose underlying Home Loan complies) with the Home Loan Eligibility Criteria (each such terms being defined 
in the Collateral Security Agreement) and with the requirements of the SFH Legal Framework. See section entitled 
"THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS - The Collateral Security Agreement". All of the Home Loan 
Receivables transferred by the Collateral Providers as Collateral Security are originated directly by the Regional 
Banks or LCL, throughout all regions of France. 
As of 31 December 2021, Collateral Security Assets totalled €46.836 billion, and consisted of 717,496 loans with 
an average loan balance of €65,277, a weighted average loan to value ratio of 61.3% (54.8% indexed), an average 
seasoning of 93 months and a weighted average remaining term of 166 months. 
As of 31 December 2021, approximately 81.4% of the Home Loans (in value) underlying the Collateral Security 
Assets were owner occupied home loans, and the remainder were non-owner occupied (buy to let) and vacation or 
second home loans. Of these loans, approximately 96% were fixed rate loans and 4% were floating rate loans with 
caps. The Home Loans underlying the Collateral Security Assets at such date include mortgage loans with a 
mortgage lien (64.2% in value) (including 15.4% of the Home Loans have a mortgage lien bearing an additional 
guarantee of the French State), a guarantee by Crédit Logement (23.6%), an independent home loan guarantee 
company licensed as a French société de financement, or a home-loan guarantee by CAMCA Assurance 
("CAMCA") (12.3%), a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg which belongs to the Crédit 
Agricole Group. See "Origination of the Home Loans". 
As of 31 December 2021, the Overcollateralisation Ratio (as defined below under “SUMMARY OF THE SFH 
LEGAL FRAMEWORK – Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio”) was at 152.4%. 
Further information concerning the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security is not included 
herein as it is expected that the constitution of the Collateral Security will change on a monthly basis due to, among 
other things, the Collateral Providers granting security over different, additional and/or new Collateral Security 
Assets or new Collateral Providers acceding to the Program. Each Home Loan Receivable (or the underlying Home 
Loan), however, will be required to meet the applicable eligibility criteria (as described below under "THE MAIN

--- Page 106 ---
106 
PROGRAM DOCUMENTS – The Collateral Security Agreement – Eligible Assets - Home Loan Eligibility 
Criteria") and the requirements of the SFH Legal Framework. 
Limited recourse 
Each party to any Program Document shall agree: 
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under any Program 
Document against any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief 
executive officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer, by the enforcement of any assessment or by 
any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that any 
obligation of the Issuer under any Program Document is a corporate obligation of the Issuer, and that 
no personal liability shall be attached to, or be incurred by, any shareholder, member of the board of 
directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer, as 
such, or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer 
contained in any Program Document or implied therein and to waive any and all personal liability of 
every such shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chif executive 
officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its obligations, 
covenants or agreements under any Program Document; 
(b) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under any Program Document to amounts payable or expressed 
to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations and liabilities under any Program 
Document (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the exclusion of any damage for breach of contract or 
other penalties not expressed as being payable by the Issuer under any Program Document) and in 
accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order; 
(c) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations 
and liabilities under any Program Document shall be recoverable only from and to the extent of the 
amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant payment date (provided that, in the event 
that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not be liable to make payment of the 
aforementioned amounts and provided further that, in the event that the Available Funds at the relevant 
date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever due under any claim of any party under any 
Program Document and all other claims ranking pari passu to any such claim, then the claim of such 
party against the Issuer shall be satisfied only up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds (as 
determined in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after payment of such 
percentage, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to any amount owed on the relevant date to such 
party shall be discharged in full); 
(d) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
prior to 8 July 2022, in the event of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings 
against the Issuer, and, as from 8 July 2022, in the event of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings 
against the Issuer or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under 
the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) and any other resources or 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all 
other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in 
full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either 
in principal or accrued or future interest;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
prior to 8 July 2022, the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer will not, and as from 8 
July 2022, neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result 
in the Covered Bonds and the other debts benifiting from the Privilège becoming due and payable; 
(f) 
that, in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions 
of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) shall 
not apply to payments made by the Issuer in application of the Program Documents. 
Non-petition 
Each party to any Program Document shall also agree that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one 
(1) day after the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of 
the last Series issued by the Issuer under the Program, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and 
owing under the latest outstanding Covered Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, dissolution 
or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, 
liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer of the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues 
and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable to 
it under any Program Document by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step to recover any 
debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant party shall survive the termination of any Program Document and the 
payment of all sums owing under any such Program Document.  
No risk of Issuer consolidation upon insolvency of the Group 
The Issuer is a ring-fenced, bankruptcy remote entity. Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 513-20 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, the safeguard procedure, judicial reorganisation or liquidation (procédures de 
sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of Crédit Agricole S.A., in its capacity as shareholder 
of the Issuer, will not be extended to the Issuer. 
Restrictions on mergers or reorganisations 
The Issuer will undertake in the Conditions not to enter into any merger, re-organisation or similar transaction 
without prior Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation. 
Issuer Risk Management  
Pursuant to the terms of the Administrative Agreement (see below section "THE MAIN PROGRAM 
DOCUMENTS - The Administrative Agreement") and of the Convention d'Externalisation et de Prestations de 
Services, the risk management of the Issuer is delegated to Crédit Agricole S.A. 
Ongoing and periodic internal control system 
The Issuer has set up ongoing internal and periodic control systems, in accordance with the Arrêté dated 3 
November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions (the “Arrêté”). Ongoing internal and periodic

--- Page 108 ---
108 
control systems of the Issuer are those of Crédit Agricole S.A. and take into account the Issuer's legal form and the 
fact that the Issuer does not have its own means or employees. 
Ongoing internal control system (contrôle permanent) 
In accordance with Article 19 of the Arrêté, the ongoing internal control (contrôle interne permanent) of the Issuer 
is under the responsibility of Mrs. Nadine Fedon as Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, the implementation of 
it being entrusted to Mr. Hubert Reynier in his capacity of Group Head of Risks and Ongoing Control (Responsable 
risques et contrôles permanents Groupe) of Crédit Agricole S.A. The ongoing internal control (contrôle interne 
permanent) implemented on behalf of the Issuer is organised as follows: 
First degree control: all of the departments of Crédit Agricole S.A. involved in the operation of the Issuer, in 
particular mobilisation and supervision of the Collateral Security Assets, front-office, back-office, accounting 
reporting and accountancy, are responsible for the performance of first level control. 
Second degree control: since 3 January 2012, the entites responsible for 2nd degree level 1 control (formerly the 
department “Piloting and Transversal Projects” within the Direction of Financial Management of Crédit Agricole 
S.A.) and 2nd degree level 2 control (formerly the department “Risk management of the Direction of Financial 
Management” within the Direction of Financial Risks and Accounting Controls of Crédit Agricole S.A.) have been 
united in a single team under the newly created Head of Risks and Ongoing Control of the Direction of Financial 
Management. The new unit is functionally linked to the Direction of Financial Management and hierarchically 
submitted to the Direction of Financial Risks and Accounting Controls within the Group Head of Risks and 
Ongoing Control of Crédit Agricole S.A. It supervises the quality of the ongoing control mechanism within the 
Issuer and is responsible for informing the review bodies of the Group of the lessons to be learned from such 
controls, as well as for the implementation and performance of corrective action plans. It performs a consolidated 
2nd degree control via the process of risk consolidation of the Issuer. 
The risks relating to activity are mapped and analysed, in order to identify the risks, to implement the most adequate 
controls with respect to the identified risks and to organise the communication of the results of the controls. 
In accordance with Article 14 of the Arrêté, the departments of Crédit Agricole S.A. in charge of the engagement 
of the operations are separated from the departments in charge of their approval, their settlement and the monitoring 
of risks. 
Periodic Internal Control system (contrôle périodique) 
In accordance with the Arrêté, the periodic internal control system (contrôle périodique) of the activities of the 
Issuer is under the responsibility of Mrs. Nadine Fedon as Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer. This periodic 
internal control system is the periodic internal control system implemented within the Crédit Agricole Group, 
under the responsibility of Mr. Michel Le Masson. Within the framework of the regulatory requirements defined 
by the Arrêté, the periodic internal control of specialized business lines of the Group is carried out with specialized 
auditors. 
The audit duties are carried out by dedicated teams, in accordance with formalised methodologies and with an 
annual plan which has been validated by the general direction of Crédit Agricole S.A., under the terms of the 
Arrêté. This audit plan is part of a multi-annual cycle, aiming to achieve regular audit as frequently as possible, of 
all of the activities and entities of the internal control perimeter.  
The purpose of the duties carried out by the General Inspection of the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group is to ensure 
compliance with external and internal rules, to deliver a diagnostic of the level of risk management (identification, 
recording, supervision, hedging) as well as the level of security of the transactions and, finally, to assess the quality 
and the efficiency of the working methods. For each of the recommendations expressed as a result of the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
performance of these duties, the mechanism allows for the development of programmed corrective actions which 
are implemented in accordance with a specific schedule, depending on their level of priority. 
Compliance Control 
In accordance with Articles 28 et seq of the Arrêté, the compliance control of the activities of the Issuer is under 
the responsibility of Mrs. Nadine Fedon as Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer and has been entrusted to Mr. 
Stéphane Priami in his capacity of Group Head of Compliance. The person in charge of the compliance controls 
within the Issuer informs the board of directors of the Issuer of the conclusions of its missions. 
Accounting 
The general accounting as well as the consolidation of periodical financial statements and regulatory statements 
are carried out by Crédit Agricole S.A. or any substituted entity of the Group for which Crédit Agricole S.A. will 
remain responsible.  
Internal control reporting 
The board of directors of the Issuer reviews the report on internal control drawn up twice a year in accordance with 
the Arrêté. 
Procedures handbook 
A procedures handbook notably sets out the conditions under which the recording, management, administration 
and reporting of the information are performed as well as the accounting schemes and commitment procedures of 
the transactions. 
Internal control documentation 
Documentation on periodic and ongoing internal controls is prepared in order to be made available, upon request, 
to the board of directors of the Issuer, the auditors of the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution. 
Based upon the information collected in the exercise of their mission, and further information provided by the 
Issuer, the persons who are responsible for the internal control of the Issuer are required to submit to the Issuer, 
once a year, a report on internal controls in accordance with Article L. 225-37 of the French Commercial Code. 
On the basis of the information collected by the persons in charge of the Group internal control in the exercise of 
their mission, and on further information provided by the Issuer, a report on internal control in accordance with 
the Arrêté is required to be prepared once a year and submitted for approval to the board of directors of the Issuer. 
On the basis of the information collected by the persons in charge of the Group internal control in the exercise of 
their mission, and on further information provided by the Issuer, a report on the assessment and monitoring of risks 
to which the Issuer is exposed, in accordance with the Arrêté, is required to be prepared once a year. 
Duty of care on money laundering transactions 
The entities of the Group have a duty of care with respect to money-laundering risks and are required to inform 
the Issuer in the event they identify any such risk.  
The Issuer benefits from the anti-money laundering procedures of the Group.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
The TRACFIN representative in charge of performing the above mentioned tasks is the TRACFIN representative 
within the Group. 
Issuer Financial Elements 
The financial year of the Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. The annual results of the Issuer reported are 
non consolidated accounts. The Issuer does not have subsidiaries and does not produce consolidated financial 
statements. 
Prudential ratios  
The Issuer's prudential ratios are assessed at the Group level and at Crédit Agricole S.A.'s Group level. 
Issuer Share Capital and Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings 
Share capital 
As of 30 June 2021, the Issuer's issued share capital (the "Issuer Share Capital") was €550,000,000, made up of 
55,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of €10 each. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, one hundred per cent. (100%) of the Issuer Share Capital is held by Crédit 
Agricole S.A., save for twelve (12) shares which are held by the Directors of the Issuer. 
The Issuer Share Capital may be increased or decreased in accordance with legal provisions. New shares can be 
issued either at par value or at a premium. 
A capital increase can only be approved by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, on the basis of a 
report by the board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders can delegate the necessary powers to the board of directors 
(conseil d'administration) to increase the share capital on one (1) or more occasions, to establish the terms of the 
increase, to certify that such terms have been carried out and to amend the Issuer's by-laws accordingly. 
A reduction in capital can be decided by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which may delegate to 
the board of directors (conseil d'administration) all the necessary powers to carry out such a reduction. 
Shareholder Letter of Undertaking  
As the majority shareholder of the Issuer and pursuant to a letter of undertaking (the "Shareholder Letter of 
Undertaking"), Crédit Agricole S.A. undertakes in favour of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series to be 
issued: 
(a) 
not to take or participate in any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the voluntary 
winding-up, dissolution or reorganisation of the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets;  
(b) 
not to take or participate in any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the voluntary 
appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, 
sequestrator or similar officer with respect to the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues and 
assets;  
(c) 
not to amend the constitutional documents (and in particular the by-laws) of the Issuer other than as 
expressly contemplated under the Program Documents or without Rating Affirmation;

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(d) 
unless required by any administrative or regulatory authorities or under any applicable law or regulation 
(as the same shall have been notified by the Issuer and/or Crédit Agricole S.A. to the Rating Agencies) 
or unless approved by Crédit Agricole S.A. subject to prior Rating Affirmation, that Crédit Agricole 
S.A. will procure that the Issuer will at all times comply with its undertakings and other obligations as 
set forth in the banking license of the Issuer or in the related application form (dossier d'agrément) filed 
with the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution and maintain its SFH status; 
(e) 
not to permit any amendments to the Program Documents without prior Rating Affirmation unless as 
expressly permitted or contemplated under the Program Documents; 
(f) 
not to permit that the Issuer cease to be consolidated within the tax group formed under the régime 
d'intégration fiscale provided by Articles 223 A et seq. of the French General Tax Code (Code général 
des impôts), with Crédit Agricole S.A. as head of that tax group and not to amend the tax consolidation 
agreement (convention d'intégration fiscale) in force at the date hereof between Crédit Agricole S.A. 
and the Issuer without prior Rating Affirmation;  
(g) 
not to create or permit to subsist any encumbrance over the whole or any part of the shares of the Issuer 
it owns; 
(h) 
not to sell, transfer, lease out or otherwise dispose of, in one (1) or more transactions or series of 
transactions (whether or not related), whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the whole or any part of the 
shares of the Issuer it owns; and 
(i) 
to take any necessary steps, which are available to it as shareholder, to remain majority shareholder of 
the Issuer. 
Issuer Management bodies 
The chairman and chief executive officer  
Mr. José Santucci, Chairman of the Board of Directors (Président du conseil d'administration), organises and 
supervises the work of the board of directors (conseil d'administration). The Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(Président du conseil d'administration) ensures the efficient functioning of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) which determines the Issuer's business strategy and monitors its implementation in accordance 
with French applicable corporate laws.  
Mrs. Nadine Fedon, Chief Executive Officer (directeur général), is vested with the broadest powers to act on 
behalf of the Issuer in all circumstances. In accordance with French applicable corporate laws, the Chief Executive 
Officer (directeur général) represents the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties. 
Pursuant to Article L. 511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the effective management of credit 
institutions must be undertaken by two persons at least, distinct from the Chairman of the Board of Directors. On 
14 May 2019, Mr. Philippe Serrot has been nominated as Deputy Chief Executive Officer (directeur général 
délégué) with powers equivalent to those of the Chief Executive Officer (directeur général).  
Board of directors (conseil d'administration)  
The board of directors consists of a minimum of three (3) members and a maximum of eighteen (18) members. 
The term of office is three (3) years.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Members of the board of directors  
On the Program Date, the board of directors of the Issuer consists of twelve (12) members. 
Name 
Position 
Main activity carried out 
outside the Issuer 
Date of 
appointment or 
renewal 
Hugues BRASSEUR 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors since 17 
December 2020 
Chief Executive Officer of 
Crédit Agricole Anjou et 
Maine 
14 May 2019  
Isabelle ROSEAU 
Director 
Head of Covered Bond 
Structuring of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. 
14 May 2019 
Grégory ERPHELIN 
Director 
Head of Finance and 
Organisation of Le Crédit 
Lyonnais 
14 May 2019 
José SANTUCCI  
Director 
Chief Executive Officer of 
Crédit Agricole Provence 
Côte d’Azur 
14 May 2019 
FEDERATION 
NATIONALE DU CREDIT 
AGRICOLE 
represented by Paul 
ESPAGNO since 17 
December 2020 
Director 
Head of Finance and Risks 
department of Fédération 
Nationale du Crédit 
Agricole 
14 May 2019 
Nadine FEDON 
Chief Executive Officer 
Director 
Global Head of Funding of 
Crédit Agricole S.A. 
14 May 2019 
Paul FOUBERT 
Director 
Head of Management 
Control and Financial 
Management Finance 
Division of Crédit 
Agricole S.A. 
14 May 2019 
Emmanuel Vey 
Director 
Chief Executive Officer of 
Caisse Régionale 
Champagne Bourgogne 
17 September 2021 
Simona LO SINNO  
 
Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer  
Director  
Head of Funds 
Management Coordination 
of Group Crédit Agricole 
S.A.  
 
7 May 2021  
 
Laurent BENNET  
 
Director  
 
Chief Executive Officer of 
Crédit Agricole des Savoie  
 
7 May 2021  
 
Louis TERCINIER 
Director 
President of Caisse 
Régionale Charente-
Maritime Deux-Sèvres  
14 May 2019

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Andrew WATSON 
Independent Director 
 
14 May 2019 
 
The members of the board of directors have their business addresses at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to it by the members of the board 
of directors (membres du conseil d'administration) and their private interests or other duties. 
Rights and duties of the board of directors 
In accordance with French applicable corporate laws and the by-laws of the Issuer, the board of directors 
determines the scope of the Issuer's business activities. Without prejudice to the powers expressly granted to 
meetings of the shareholders, and in so far as the by-laws permit, the board of directors deals with all matters 
relating to the conduct of the Issuer's business within the limit of the corporate purpose (objet social) of the Issuer. 
When dealing with third parties, the Issuer is bound by acts of the board of directors which do not come within the 
scope of the Issuer's corporate purpose, unless it can prove that the third party knew that a specific action was out 
of that scope. 
The board of directors must carry out the inspections and verifications which it considers appropriate. The 
chairman of the board of directors or the chief executive officer is required to send all the documents and 
information necessary to perform this task to each director. 
The chairman of the board of directors organises and oversees the work of the board of directors and reports to the 
shareholders' general meeting. 
Rights and duties of the chief executive officer 
The general management of the Issuer is performed by the chief executive officer (directeur général) and the 
deputy chief executive officer (directeur general délégué). The chief executive officer and the deputy chief 
executive officer have extensive powers to act on behalf of the Issuer in all circumstances, but must exercise their 
powers subject to those that the law allocates explicitly to shareholders' meetings and to the board of directors. 
With regard to the shareholders, the by-laws of the Issuer provides that some actions may not be taken by the board 
of directors, nor by the chairman nor by the chief executive officer, nor by any deputy chief executive officer 
(directeur général délégué) whatsoever, without the prior consent of the shareholders' general meeting. Such 
provisions of the by-laws of the Issuer restricting the actions the board of directors, the chairman, the chief 
executive officer or the deputy chief executive officers may take are not enforceable against third parties. 
The Issuer Independent Representative  
According to the by-laws of the Issuer, the board of directors will, at any time, include an independent member 
(the "Issuer Independent Representative"), i.e. a member having no relationship with the Issuer, its shareholders 
or its management, which may compromise the independence of judgment by such member, as further described 
and detailed in the by-laws of the Issuer. On the Program Date, Mr. Andrew Watson is the Issuer Independent 
Representative. 
Audit of the Issuer 
In application of Directive 2014/56/UE of the European Parliament and the Council, which has been transposed 
under French law by Ordinance 2016-315 dated 17 March 2016, public interest entities, among which the Issuer

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(as a credit institution) must be controlled by an Audit committee. However such committee is not necessary for 
the Issuer as it is a wholly owned subsidiary of Crédit Agricole S.A. which itself has an Audit committee.  
Issuer Statutory Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are: 
Statutory auditors 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  
63 rue de Villiers  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France  
Ernst & Young et Autres 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie - Paris - La Défense 1, France 
 
Substitute auditors 
 
Jean-Baptiste DESCHRYVER  
63 rue de Villiers  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France  
Picarle & Associés 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie - Paris - La Défense 1, France 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit  has been nominated as statutory auditor and Jean-Baptiste Deschryver has been 
nominated as substitute statutory auditor by the general meeting on 14 May 2019 validating the Issuer annual 
accounts for the year ending 31 December 2018. The mandate of Ernst & Young et Autres as statutory auditor and 
Picarle & Associés as substitute statutory auditor has been renewed by the general meeting on 14 May 2019 
validating the Issuer annual accounts for the year ending 31 December 2018. 
 
External Supervision and oversight of the Issuer  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) 
As a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) and a société de financement de l'habitat, the 
Issuer is supervised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, an independent supervisory and control 
authority of banking and insurance activities in France, integrated within the framework of the Banque de France. 
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is notably composed of the Governor of the Banque de France 
and various experts chosen for their expertise in banking and financial matters and is responsible for monitoring 
observance of the laws and regulations applicable to credit institutions as well as the soundness of their financial 
position.  
The Issuer is subject to off-site monitoring and on-site inspections by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution. Off-site monitoring by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution consists of the examination 
of the Issuer's prudential and accounting records as well as regular contacts with the Issuer's board of directors and 
statutory auditors. The Issuer is required to submit to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution an annual 
report on internal control procedures and the assessment and supervision of risk procedures and bi-annual reports 
setting forth its Overcollateralisation Ratio (pursuant to its status as a société de financement de l'habitat). In 
addition, statutory auditors are required to advise the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of any fact 
or decision that may constitute a breach of existing regulations and that is likely to have a significant effect on the 
financial situation, the profits or the asset composition of the Issuer or cause the statutory auditors to issue a 
qualified or adverse opinion. 
Through on-site inspections, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ascertains that the information 
disclosed by the Issuer accurately reflects its financial condition. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution may decide to make a recommendation, issue an injunction or institute disciplinary proceedings if it 
determines that the Issuer has contravened a law or regulation relating to its activity as a société de financement 
de l'habitat.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
The European Central Bank (ECB) 
The Issuer is a member of the Crédit Agricole Group, which is deemed to be a significant credit institution pursuant 
to Council Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 of 13 October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank 
concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the “SSM Regulation”). As such, 
the Issuer is subject, since 4 November 2014, to the direct supervision of the European Central Bank, within the 
single supervisory mechanism set out by the SSM Regulation.  
The Specific Controller 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code a 
Specific Controller (Contrôleur spécifique) and a Substitute Specific Controller (Contrôleur Spécifique Suppléant), 
who are selected from the official list of auditors and are appointed by the board of directors of the Issuer with the 
approval of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
The Specific Controller ensures that the Issuer complies with the SFH Legal Framework (in particular, verifying 
the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the Overcollateralisation Ratio). He also monitors the balance 
between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow adequacy) and notifies the board 
of directors (conseil d'administration), the chief executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer and the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution if he considers such balance to be unsatisfactory.  
The Specific Controller carries out various audits in cooperation with the Issuer's statutory auditors and is 
completely independent of the Issuer. In particular, the Specific Controller must control the valuation procedures 
of the real estate properties securing the Home Loan Receivables that are transferred as Collateral Security. 
Pursuant to Artice L. 513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in relation to Covered Bonds for which 
the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the “European Covered Bond (Premium)” label, the Specific 
Controller verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013, (as 
amended) are complied with.  
Pursuant to Articles R. 513-14 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 15 of the CRBF Regulation, 
the Specific Controller verifies, on a yearly basis, the availability of all information that must be disclosed in 
relation to the transfer plan to be put in place by the credit institutions or financing companies (sociétés de 
financement) entrusted with the management or the recovery of loans, bonds or other sources of financing of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. The transfer plan shall be sent to 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution which 
information shall be disclosed in the transfer plan. 
For the performance of its duties, the Specific Controller has access to all information from management, internal 
control data, and internal audit data. The Specific Controller is entitled to undertake, at any time, any necessary 
control of the Issuer that it deems appropriate and to review the Issuer's books and records. In addition, the Specific 
Controller is entitled to request information from third parties who have entered into transactions on behalf of the 
Issuer. It may request copies of relevant agreements and documents from any credit institution or financing 
company (société de financement) entrusted with the management or the recovery of loans, bonds or other sources 
of financing of the Issuer pursuant to Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and copies of 
the home loan agreements, mortgage registration certificates and any other documents relating to the Home Loan 
Receivables that are transferred as Collateral Security it may consider relevant in order to carry out its duties. 
The Specific Controller certifies, on a quarterly basis, compliance with legal and regulatory standards concerning 
the Overcollateralisation Ratio in connection with the issuance program of the Issuer and for any issue of resources 
of more than €500 million which benefit from the Privilège. Additionally, the Specific Controller certifies that 
documents the Issuer sends to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution meet legal and regulatory

--- Page 116 ---
116 
requirements. The Specific Controller submits an annual report on its activity to the board of directors of the Issuer, 
and a copy is forwarded to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution.  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution can require information relating to the activity and the financial 
situation of the Issuer from the Specific Controller. The Specific Controller is required to disclose to the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution any decision taken by the société de financement de l'habitat or its parent 
company, which constitute a violation of legal provisions and affect its financial situation, the continuity of the 
company or the certification of accounts. The Specific Controller is also required to advise the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution of any fact or decision that could jeopardize the situation of the société de financement 
de l'habitat as a going concern. 
The Specific Controller cannot conduct any activities that could undermine its independence and take, receive or 
retain any interest in the Issuer or Crédit Agricole S.A. The Specific Controller is prevented from providing 
services exceeding the scope of its control to the Issuer or to Crédit Agricole S.A.  
The Specific Controller is liable for any error or negligence committed in the exercise of its functions. 
Managers may be sanctioned if the Specific Controller is not appointed, not invited to attend shareholders' 
meetings, prevented from conducting its control or not provided with useful documents that he has requested. 
The Specific Controller attends all meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer and, on his request, may be heard by 
the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer. 
The Specific Controller and the Substitute Controller of the Issuer are:  
Specific Controller 
Substitute Specific Controller 
Stéphane MASSA (FIDES AUDIT) 
11 rue Marie Laurencin 
75012 Paris 
France 
 
Martine LECONTE - Cabinet RSM 
26 rue Cambacérès 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 117 ---
117 
SUMMARY OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER SELECTED LEGAL 
ASPECTS 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to the Issuer as société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH) results from the following provisions, as they may be amended from time to time, 
in particular as they will be amended by the entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 
30 June 2021, the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 and a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 
2021, which will apply on 8 July 2022 and which transposes under French law Directive (EU) No. 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision  (the “Covered Bonds Directive”) amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU 
(the “SFH Legal Framework”): 
- 
Articles L. 513-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as they may be amended from time 
to time); 
- 
Articles R. 513-1-A et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (as they may be amended from time 
to time);  
- 
the Regulation (réglement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire 
et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) (as they may be amended from time to time) 
(the "CRBF Regulation); 
- 
various Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution's instructions applicable to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat. 
The main provisions of the SFH Legal Framework as of the date of this Base Prospectus are summarized below. 
The SFH Legal Framework applicable to the Issuer may be amended from time to time after the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Exclusive legal purpose 
In accordance with the current SFH Legal Framework, sociétés de financement de l'habitat (SFH) may only: 
(i)  
grant or finance home loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold securities, exposures and deposits that comply 
with legal eligibility criteria; 
(ii) 
grant to any credit institution loans guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of the 
receivables arising from eligible home loans; 
(iii) 
acquire promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by credit institutions which represent receivables 
arising from eligible home loans; and  
(iv)  
issue obligations de financement de l'habitat (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the 
Privilège) in order to finance these assets and may also issue ordinary bonds or raise other sources of 
financing which do not benefit from the Privilège, including mortgage promissory notes (billets à ordre 
hypothécaires).  
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may carry out temporary transfers of securities, pledge a securities account 
and pledge or transfer all or part of the receivables held by them in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code. The receivables or securities thus transferred or pledged are not included 
in the cover pool (assiette du Privilège) defined in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and are not taken into account for the calculation of the Overcollateralisation Ratio.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
In order to hedge their interest and currency risks on loans, exposures, obligations de financement de l'habitat and 
other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège, or to manage or hedge the global risk on their assets, 
liabilities and off balance sheet exposures, sociétés de financement de l'habitat may use forward financial 
instruments that must comply with the provisions of Article R. 513-6-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
notablty in respect of the credit rating of the hedging counterparty. Pursuant to Articles L. 513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, any amounts due by the Issuer pursuant to these forward financial instruments, after 
applicable netting, benefit from the Privilège   
A société de financement de l'habitat is not allowed to hold equity participations or other forms of equity interest 
issued by other companies. 
Eligible assets 
Pursuant to the SFH Legal Framework, the eligible assets of a société de financement de l'habitat (SFH) comprise, 
inter alia: 
(i) 
home loans (prêts à l'habitat) which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage or other real estate security 
interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage (within the meaning of Article L. 513-3 I, 1. of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, or that are guaranteed by a credit institution, a financing 
company (société de financement), or an insurance company qualifying for the credit quality step 2 
(deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) or above given by an external rating agency recognised by the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code. The property must be located in France or in any other Member State of the 
European Union or the EEA or the United Kingdom or in a State that qualifies for the credit quality step 
1 (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) given by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code;  
(ii) 
loans granted to any credit institutions which are secured by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of 
the receivables arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above pursuant to the provisions of Articles 
L. 211-38 to L. 211-40 or Articles L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
provided that the provisions of Article L. 513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are 
complied with; 
(iii) 
prior to 8 July 2022, units or notes (other than subordinated units or subordinated notes) issued by 
organismes de titrisation, which are French securitisation vehicles, or other similar foreign vehicles 
within the limits and conditions set out in the SFH Legal Framework; 
(iv) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by Articles L. 313-42 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code and which represent receivables arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above, 
provided that the provisions of Article L. 513-3 of the French Monetary and Financial Code are 
complied with. 
In the case of the Issuer, the eligible assets are comprised of the Borrower Advances which are loans referred to in 
(ii) above granted by the Issuer to the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower Facility 
Agreement and that are fully secured by transfers of full title by way of security (remises en pleine propriété à 
titre de garantie) of eligible home loan receivables as Collateral Security pursuant to the provisions of Articles 
L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the provisions of the Collateral Security 
Agreement.  
While the Issuer does not intend to acquire eligible assets which are promissory notes referred to in (iii) above, it 
is not precluded from holding any such assets and reserves the right to acquire such assets in the future as well as 
any other type of assets that may become eligible to sociétés de financement de l'habitat in the future.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de financement de l'habitat 
must keep the record of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. This record must specify the type and value 
of the security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type and amount of the liabilities benefiting from the 
Privilège.  
In accordance with Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat are not allowed to make any other investments, except investments in securities, exposures or deposits  
within the conditions and limits set out in Articles R. 513-6 and R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (the “Legal Substitution Assets”). 
Pursuant to Article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer shall dispose of a system for measuring overall interest 
rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 139 of the Arrêté dated 3 November 2014 relating to the 
internal control of credit institutions.  
Pursuant to Article 12 ter of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate matching between the assets and the liabilities 
of the Issuer shall be verified by the Specific Controller. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution will 
define the rules on inclusion and valuation of the forward financial instruments. 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must publish and send to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
certain quarterly an annual information on their assets and liabilities the detail, content and form of which are set 
forth in the CRBF Regulation and the relevant ACPR instructions (as they may be amended from time to time, in 
particular as they will be amended by the entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 
June 2021 which transposes under French law the Covered Bonds Directive).  
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code to which Article R. 513-19 of the same 
code expressly refers, a société de financement de l'habitat may only finance the home loans through issuance of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the Privilège up to the lowest of the 
following amounts:  
- 
the principal outstanding amount of the home loan;  
- 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate by guaranteed home loans or of the charged 
residential real estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable “financing portion” (quotité de 
financement) referred to in Article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (which in 
respect of certain home loans is 80%). 
The Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) and legal derogation to bankruptcy laws 
Obligations de financement de l'habitat are specialized covered bonds products that can only be issued by 
specialised credit institutions licensed and regulated in France as sociétés de financement de l'habitat. Obligations 
de financement de l'habitat benefit from the legal Privilège under French law which provides a priority in right of 
payment over all the assets and revenues of the société de financement de l'habitat to the holders of obligations de 
financement de l'habitat and other privileged debt.  
The right of payment in principal and interest under the Covered Bonds benefits from the privilège (statutory 
priority in right of payment) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the 
“Privilège”), and pursuant to which, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of 
the French Commercial Code on insolvency proceedings): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities 
referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, including, as

--- Page 120 ---
120 
from 8 July 2022, any mortgage, charge, lien or other guarantee or indemnity relating thereto, and 
forward financial instruments referred to in Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, in each case after any applicable set-off, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by 
the Issuer with credit institutions, shall be allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect 
of obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and any other resources raised 
by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
prior to 8 July 2022, in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings 
against the Issuer, and as from 8 July 2022, in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, 
or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code against the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) or any other resources or liabilities benefiting 
from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other Issuer's debts, 
whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their 
duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid in full, no other 
creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal 
or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) 
prior to 8 July 2022, judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer will not, and as from 8 July 
2022, neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result 
in the obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and the other debts benefiting 
from the Privilège becoming due and payable.  
With respect to the Issuer, the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège comprise the Hedging Costs, amounts due 
under the Covered Bonds, the Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs, and certain amounts of fees and expenses 
due to the Administrator under the Administrative Agreement. 
In addition:  
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of Article 
L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) are not applicable to 
contracts concluded by a société de financement de l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour 
of société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such contracts or transactions are directly related to the 
transactions referred to in Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; 
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the bankruptcy 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a shareholder of 
a société de financement de l'habitat cannot be extended to the société de financement de l'habitat itself; 
- 
in accordance with Article L. 513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, in case of bankruptcy 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a company to 
which a société de financement de l'habitat has delegated the management or the recovery of loans, 
exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, deposits, bonds or other sources of financing may be 
immediately terminated upnotwithstahding any provisions to the contrary, including those of the titles II to 
IV of the book VI of the French Commercial Code; in accordance with Article L. 513-24 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, in case of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de

--- Page 121 ---
121 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of a société de financement de l'habitat, the Specific Controller 
will be responsible for filing claims on behalf of creditors benefiting from the Privilège;  
- 
Article L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code relating to financial guarantees, such as the 
Collateral Security, expressly provides that the provisions of book VI of the French Commercial Code shall 
not impede (ne font pas obstacle) the application of Articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, which may include Article L. 650-1 of the French Commercial Code, pursuant to which a 
creditor may be held liable towards a bankrupt debtor if the credit granted by it to such debtor entailed a 
damage and the security interest securing such credit is disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to that 
credit, save in case of fraud; and 
- 
As from 8 July 2022, pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
notwithstanding any legal or contractual provision to the contrary, no termination, suspension, set-off or 
amendment of an ongoing forward financial instrument entered into by the Issuer can result solely from 
safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) proceedings against the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article 
L. 613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer.  
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement 
de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio (ratio de couverture) between its eligible assets (including prior 
to 8 July 2022, so-called substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement), and as from 8 July 2022, claims for 
payment attached to forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège as well as any collateral received 
in relation to such forward financial instruments) and its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège (the 
“Overcollateralisation Ratio”). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, this minimum overcollateralisation ratio 
provided in the SFH Legal Framework is of at least one hundred and five per cent. (105%). See section entitled 
“ASSET MONITORING – The Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio”. For that purpose, pursuant to 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, when the assets comprise receivables secured by 
collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-38 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions, 
the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral rather than the 
secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets.  
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Articles 8 and 9 of the CRBF Regulation define 
the way the Overcollateralisation Ratio is calculated. 
The Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) certifies that the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio is 
complied with every quarter and in case of issue of Covered Bonds which equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or 
its equivalent in any other currency. 
Pursuant to Article 10 of the CRBF Regulation, Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must declare their 
Overcollateralisation Ratio on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year.  
Liquidity needs coverage 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-8 and R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat must ensure, at all times, the coverage of their cash requirements for the next one hundred and eighty 
(180) days by eligible liquid assets listed in Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, taking 
into account expected flows in principal and interests under their assets and net flows relating to forward financial 
instruments set forth in Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. For that purpose, when the 
assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to 
L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not, prior to 8 July

--- Page 122 ---
122 
2022, replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement), and as from 8 July 2022,  liquid assets or short term exposures 
to credit institutions, the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral 
rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets. 
Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de financement de l’habitat must ensure that the average life of the 
eligible assets held by them, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not exceed more than 18 months the average 
life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. For that purpose, when the assets comprise receivables secured 
by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-
49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not, prior to 8 July 2022, replacement assets (valeurs de 
remplacement), and, as from 8 July 2022, securities, exposures or deposits that are sufficiently secure and liquid 
as defined in Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the société de financement de l'habitat 
must take into account the assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the 
Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets. With respect to the Issuer, this requirement is taken into account in the 
Collateral Security Agreement and for each issuance of Covered Bonds. 
Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de financement de l'habitat as 
eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de l'habitat 
may subscribe to its own obligations de financement de l'habitat for the sole purpose of granting them as eligible 
collateral with the Banque de France in accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem, provided that the liquidity 
needs of the société de financement de l'habitat cannot be funded otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The 
obligations de financement de l'habitat thus subscribed by the société de financement de l'habitat must meet the 
following conditions: 
- 
their outstanding principal amount does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the outstanding principal amount 
of any liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat benefiting from the Privilège on the subscription 
date of the obligations de financement de l'habitat by the société de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L. 228-46 to L. 228-89 of the French Commercial 
Code for so long as they are held by the société de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
they are granted as collateral to the French central bank (Banque de France) or they are cancelled within 
the eight (8) days from their settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as 
applicable; and 
- 
they cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution. 
Extendable maturity structure 
Prior to the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 and the decree (décret) no. 2021-898 dated 
6 July 2021, the practice of issuing obligations de financement de l’habitat with extendable maturity structures has 
developed among sociétés de financement de l'habitat.  
Such practice is now enshrined by decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 and the decree 
(décret) no. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, which will enter into force on 8 July 2022.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
As from 8 July 2022, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, a société de financement de l’habitat may issue obligations de financement de l’habitat with 
extendable maturity structures, provided that: 
(i) 
the relevant maturity extension trigger(s) is(are) mentioned in Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code;  
(ii) 
the contractual terms and conditions of such obligations de financement de l’habitat specify the relevant 
maturity extension trigger(s); 
(iii) 
the final maturity date of such obligations de financement de l’habitat is at all times determinable ; and 
(iv) 
in the event of the insolvency or resolution of the société de financement de l’habitat issuing such 
obligations de financement de l’habitat, the maturity extensions do not affect the ranking of the investors 
in such obligations de financement de l’habitat or invert the sequencing of the original maturity schedule 
of such obligations de financement de l’habitat. 
With respect to the Issuer, the maturity of the Covered Bonds of a given Series may be extended in accordance 
with, and subject to, the provisions of Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption) of the Covered Bonds. 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de l'habitat 
may use: 
(i) 
the label “European Covered Bond” for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SFH Legal Framework; and 
(ii) 
the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the SFH Legal 
Framework and the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as 
amended). 
If a société de financement de l’habitat either (i) requests the use of, or (ii) benefits from, the “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)” label, in accordance with Article L. 513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code the 
Specific Controller verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013, 
(as amended) are complied with. 
Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is responsible for the 
granting and supervision of both “European Covered Bond” and “European Covered Bond (Premium)” labels. In 
particular, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution publishes the list of obligations de financement de 
l’habitat that are entitled to use the label “European Covered Bond” and the list of obligations de financement de 
l’habitat that are entitled to use the label “European Covered Bond (Premium) ”.Subject to the aforementioned 
verification of the Specific Controller and approval and supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
resolution, the Issuer intends to issue Covered Bonds that are entitled to use the “European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)” label.  
Resolution procedures under the European Recovery and Resolution framework (BRRD)  
 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 provides for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
entered into force on 2 July 2014 (the "Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"). The BRRD 
provides authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing

--- Page 124 ---
124 
institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system.  
 
The BRRD has been implemented into French law in Articles L. 613-34 and seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, by an ordonnance dated 20 August 2015 adapting French law to EU Financial Law (Ordonnance 
n°2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la legislation au droit de l’Union 
européenne en matière financière) (the "Ordonnance") ratified by law No. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 
(loi n°2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la 
modernisation de la vie économique) (the "Recovery Framework"). The European Parliament and the Council of 
the European Union adopted Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the “BRRD Revision” and together with the BRRD, the “BRRD II”), 
which was implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution 
dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020. 
 
The Recovery Framework contains several resolution tools and powers (the “Resolution Tools and Powers”) 
which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution 
is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would 
prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the 
public interest. Among these, is the bail-in tool which gives resolution authorities the power to recapitalise or 
restore the viability of an institution under specific conditions, to write-down certain debt claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims, to equity, which equity could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application of the bail-in tool. The BRRD also provides 
that the relevant resolution authority can modify the terms and conditions of debt instruments (including altering 
the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments). 
Financial public support should only be used as a last resort after having assessed and exploited, to the maximum 
extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. 
 
Article L.613-55-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code expressly provides that the relevant resolution 
authority shall not exercise any write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities (such as the 
Borrower Debt), including covered bonds (such as Covered Bonds).  The SFH Legal Framework as it will be 
amended by the entry into force of the decree-law (ordonnance) no. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 which transposes 
under French law the Covered Bonds Directive, will also specifically include references to the resolution 
proceedings so as to extent the benefit of the Privilège as well as the extention of the maturity of soft bullet Covered 
Bonds to that proceedings. 
  
Article L.613-50-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (transposing article 68 of BRRD) provides that the 
sole existence of a resolution measure cannot trigger the ability for the counterparty to terminate, suspend, modify 
or suspend the performance of a contract provided that the material obligations under such contract continue to be 
performed by the entity which is subject to such resolution measure. The BRRD Revision extends this requirement 
to the suspension of payment and delivery obligations decided by the relevant resolution authority. 
 
Article L.613-57-1 III of the French Monetary and Financial Code provides that, save for the protection of the 
availability of funds benefiting from the guarantee of the French fonds de garantie des dépôts et des résolution as 
provided by Article L.613-57-1 V of the French Monetary and Financial Code, secured liabilities of an entity which 
is subject to a resolution measure cannot be transferred to another entity separately from the related collateral 
arrangements.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS 
 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the main terms of the Program Documents entered into by the Issuer are 
summarized below.  
 
I. 
THE BORROWER FACILITY AGREEMENT  
Background 
The proceeds from the issuance of the Covered Bonds under the Program will be used by Crédit Agricole Home 
Loan SFH, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to fund advances to be made available to Crédit Agricole 
S.A., as borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower"). 
The Lender and the Borrower have agreed to enter into a credit facility agreement (the "Borrower Facility 
Agreement") in order to determine the terms and conditions according to which the Lender shall grant the 
Borrower with advances under the Borrower Facility Agreement (each, a "Borrower Advance"). 
The Borrower Advances 
The Borrower Advances shall be made available to the Borrower in an aggregate maximum amount which shall 
be equal to the maximum aggregate amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time under the Program (the 
"Borrower Facility Commitment") for the purpose of financing the general financial needs of the Borrower with 
respect to advances to be made available to the Collateral Providers, in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the credit facility agreement entered into between the Borrower and the Collateral Providers. 
Pursuant to the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower shall send to the Administrator (with a copy to the 
Issuer acting as Lender under the Borrower Facility Agreement) a duly completed drawdown request 
(a "Drawdown Request") in respect of the Borrower Advance to be made available under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement. Upon receipt of a Drawdown Request by the Administrator (with copy to the Lender), the Lender, 
together with the Administrator, shall elaborate (i) corresponding Final Terms of the Covered Bonds to be issued 
to fund such Drawdown Request, and (ii) final terms of the Borrower Advance ("Final Terms of Borrower 
Advance") reflecting the terms and conditions of such corresponding Final Terms of the Covered Bonds. 
The Borrower may (i) accept the terms and conditions of the Final Terms of Borrower Advance proposed by the 
Administrator and the Lender, in which case such Final Terms of Borrower Advance shall be definitive between 
the Borrower and the Lender and a Borrower Advance shall be made available according to such Final Terms of 
Borrower Advance, or (ii) refuse the terms and conditions of such Final Terms of Borrower Advance, in which 
case such Final Terms of Borrower Advance and the relevant Drawdown Request shall be considered as null and 
void between the Borrower and the Lender. 
Principal and interest amounts 
The terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower 
Advance shall mirror the equivalent terms and conditions of the corresponding Final Terms of Covered Bonds, it 
being provided that, as a principle, (i) the interest and fees to be paid by the Borrower under a Borrower Advance 
shall be the financing costs of the Lender under the Covered Bonds funding such Borrower Advance, increased by 
a margin which covers all the costs and expenses relating to the structuring and updating of the Program, the 
issuance of Covered Bonds and taxes of the Issuer during the Program and (ii) the maturity date of the Borrower 
Advance shall correspond to the Maturity Date of the corresponding Covered Bond save for the Extended Final 
Maturity Date (if so provided in the relevant Final Terms of such Covered Bond). The terms and conditions 
regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower Advance shall be further

--- Page 126 ---
126 
described hereunder and in the relevant Final Terms of Borrower Advance. Any amounts repaid or prepaid under 
any Borrower Advance may not be re-borrowed. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Borrower has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Lender, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Borrower Facility Agreement and 
continuing until all sums due by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement shall have been repaid in 
full. 
Main other terms 
The Borrower Facility Agreement also provides for: 
(a) 
(i) customary tax gross-up provisions relating to payments to be made by the Borrower to the relevant 
Finance Parties under the Borrower Facility Agreement and (ii) corresponding tax gross-up provision 
relating to payments to be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(b) of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
customary tax indemnity provisions relating to any payment to be made by the relevant Finance Parties 
on account of tax on or in relation to any sum received or receivable under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement by the Finance Parties from the Borrower or any liability in respect of any such payment 
being asserted, imposed, levied or assessed against the Finance Parties; 
(c) 
customary "increased costs" provisions; 
(d) 
general financial information covenants and other customary covenants of the Borrower. 
Borrower Events of Default  
Each of the following events constitutes the occurrence of an event of default under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement (each, a "Borrower Event of Default"): 
(a) 
the Borrower fails to pay any sum due under the Borrower Facility Agreement when due, in the currency 
and in the manner specified therein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to an 
administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems 
reasonably used by the Borrower and such payment is made by the Borrower within three (3) Business 
Days of such non-payment, such non-payment shall not constitute a Borrower Event of Default; 
(b) 
a Breach of Pre-Maturity Test occurs; 
(c) 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test occurs; 
(d) 
a Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement or a Breach of Home Loan Guarantee 
Reserve Funding Requirement occurs, or the Cash Collateral Provider fails to fund the Legal Liquidity 
Reserve or the Interest Reserve in accordance with the relevant terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement 
or a breach to fund any additional Cash Collateral on the Cash Collateral Account and the Collection 
Loss and Interest Reserve Account, as the Issuer and the Cash Collateral Provider may agree from time 
to time, in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement; 
(e) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Borrower, in the Borrower Facility Agreement or 
in any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant thereto or in connection 
therewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the 
same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator or

--- Page 127 ---
127 
the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the Borrower has knowledge of the 
same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders 
of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
the Borrower fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days after the 
Administrator or the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the Borrower has 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds;  
(g) 
any Collateral Provider(s) fail to comply with any of its/their material obligations under the Program 
Documents unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied (within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the earlier of (i) the date on which the Administrator or the Issuer has given notice thereof to the 
Borrower and the Collateral Providers Agent or (ii) the date on which the Borrower or the Collateral 
Providers Agent has knowledge of the same) and provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that 
it is prejudicial to the interest of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds and the Issuer; 
(h) 
as regards the Borrower, to the extent permitted by law, an Insolvency Event occurs; 
(i) 
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the commencement 
of any legal, administrative or other proceedings against the Borrower) occurs which is or could be 
reasonably expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, assets, business or 
operations of the Borrower and (ii) the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations or the 
financial covenants under any of the Program Documents; or 
(j) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Borrower to perform or comply with any or all of its 
material obligations under the Borrower Facility Agreement or any of the material obligations of the 
Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding. 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) shall, by 
delivering a written notice (such notice to constitute a mise en demeure) to the Borrower (with copy to (i) the 
Collateral Providers Agent, and (ii) the Rating Agencies), (x) declare that (i) no further Borrower Advances shall 
be available under the Borrower Facility Agreement, and (ii) the then outstanding Borrower Advances are 
immediately due and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Lender under the Collateral Security Agreement and 
the Cash Collateral Agreement for the repayment of any sum due by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement and not paid by the Borrower (whether at its contractual due date or upon acceleration) (a "Borrower 
Enforcement Notice"). 
Borrower's indemnities  
Under the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower undertakes to indemnify the Lender against: 
(a) 
any cost, claim, loss, expense (including legal fees) or liability (other than reasonable consequential 
losses including loss of profit), which it may (acting reasonably) sustain or incur as a consequence of 
the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default or any default by the Borrower in the performance of 
any of the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Borrower Facility Agreement, for the 
avoidance of doubt, these costs, losses, expenses or liabilities shall include, without limitation, any 
Hedging Cost, any termination cost due under any Hedging Agreement which would not be 
subordinated to the payment of principal and interests due under the Covered Bonds and any other 
servicing fee or ancillary cost benefiting from the Privilège sustained or incurred by the Lender as from 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default until the full redemption of the Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(b) 
(other than by reason of negligence or default by the Lender) any loss it may suffer or incur as a result 
of its funding or making arrangements to fund a Borrower Advance requested by the Borrower under 
the Borrower Facility Agreement but not made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the 
provisions of the Borrower Facility Agreement.  
In addition, the Borrower as guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees and undertakes to hold the Issuer 
harmless against any liabilities that the Issuer may incur in connection with its funding or making arrangements to 
fund, through the issuance of Covered Bonds or otherwise, any Borrower Advance made available to the Borrower 
under the Borrower Facility Agreement (including but not limited to any indemnity payable by the Lender (in its 
capacity as Issuer) to any party under any Program Documents and any termination costs due and payable by the 
Lender under any Hedging Agreement which would not be subordinated to the full and final redemption of the 
then outstanding Covered Bonds). 
Broken Funding Indemnity  
If, as a consequence of the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Lender receives or recovers all or any 
part of a Borrower Advance otherwise than as described or scheduled under the relevant Finals Terms of Borrower 
Advance, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender on demand an amount equal to the amount (if any) of the difference 
(if positive) between (x) the additional interest which would have been payable on the amount so received or 
recovered had such Borrower Event of Default not occurred, and (y) the amount of interest which the Lender 
reasonably determines would have been payable to the Lender on the last day of the term thereof in respect of a 
deposit equal to the amount so received or recovered placed by it with a prime bank for a period starting on the 
third (3rd) Business Day following the date of such receipt or recovery and ending on the last day of the term 
thereof. 
Limited Recourse - Non Petitition - Amendments 
The Borrower Facility Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, as 
described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - 5(g) Program Documents". 
II. 
THE COLLATERAL SECURITY AGREEMENT 
Background 
The Collateral Security Agreement refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Program Date and made between 
(i) the Issuer, in its capacity as "Lender", (ii) collateral providers (the "Collateral Providers") and (iii) Crédit 
Agricole S.A., in its respective capacity as "Borrower", "Collateral Providers Agent", "Administrator" and "Issuer 
Calculation Agent" (the "Collateral Security Agreement"). 
Secured Liabilities  
The Collateral Security Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions according to which the Collateral Providers, 
represented by the Collateral Providers Agent, shall transfer by way of security the full title (remettre en pleine 
propriété à titre de garantie) of financial assets (the "Eligible Assets") as collateral security pursuant to Articles 
L. 211-36 to L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Collateral Security") in order to secure, 
as they become due and payable, the payments of all and any amounts (whether in principal, interest, fees, 
indemnities or guarantees) owed by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement, whether present or 
future (the "Secured Liabilities") provided that for the purposes of Articles L. 211-36 and following of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, each Collateral Provider agrees to be jointly and severally liable (débiteur solidaire) 
with the Borrower for the Secured Liabilities, which constitute financial obligations (obligations financières) of 
the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement within the meaning of Articles L. 211-36 and following of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Collateral Providers on or about the Program Date 
On or about the Program Date, the Collateral Providers, duly represented by the Collateral Providers Agent, have 
entered into the Collateral Security Agreement. Under the Collateral Security Agreement, each of these Collateral 
Providers has represented and warranted for the benefit of the Issuer that, on the Program Date, it complies with 
the Collateral Provider Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
Accession of Collateral Providers after the Program Date 
At any time after the Program Date but prior to the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default or any Issuer 
Event of Default, and subject to the procedure described in the Collateral Security Agreement, any entity may 
access to the Collateral Security Agreement as Collateral Provider provided that: 
(a) 
it complies, upon its accession to the Collateral Security Agreement, with the Collateral Provider 
Eligibility Criteria; and 
(b) 
it is not already a Collateral Provider at such time. 
(individually the "Applicant" and collectively the "Applicants"). 
The Collateral Providers Agent (acting in its own name and on its own behalf) shall notify in writing the 
Administrator, the Lender, the Issuer, the Issuer Calculation Agent (together with the Collateral Providers Agent, 
the "Finance Parties") of any request made by any Applicant (or by any of its representatives) to accede as 
Collateral Provider to the Collateral Security Agreement and shall indicate the date for such accession. Each 
relevant Applicant (or any of its representatives) shall make such request at least thirty (30) Business Days before 
the contemplated date of such accession. 
Such accession shall take effect on the Selection Date (as defined below) following the date indicated by the 
relevant Applicant (or any of its representatives) for its accession to the Collateral Security Agreement, subject to 
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
(a) 
the issuance by the relevant Applicant (or any of its representatives) of an Accession Letter in 
accordance with the form set out in the Collateral Security Agreement, which shall contain in particular 
(i) a covenant by the acceding Applicant to perform all of the obligations resulting from the Collateral 
Security Agreement to which it will become a party and (ii) the appointment of Crédit Agricole S.A. as 
Collateral Providers Agent; 
(b) 
the notification by each of the Finance Parties to the relevant Applicant (or to any of its representatives) 
indicating its acceptance of the accession of such Applicant, by way of signature of such Accession 
Letter, it being provided that the Collateral Providers Agent shall execute such Accession Letter in its 
own name and on its own behalf; 
(c) 
the provision by such Applicant (or by any of its representatives) of a legal certificate regarding the 
situation of such Applicant and its accession to the Collateral Security Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement, each Collateral Provider acknowledges and accepts that, 
subsequently to the entering into the Collateral Security Agreement, other Crédit Agricole Entities may become 
party to the Collateral Security Agreement, pursuant to the conditions set forth therein, in order to grant Collateral 
Security for the performance and discharge in full of the Secured Liabilities. 
Upon its accession to the Collateral Security Agreement and pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions of the 
Collateral Security Agreement, each acceding Collateral Provider shall have the same rights and obligations as 
those of the other Collateral Providers.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Withdrawal of Collateral Providers 
At any time after the Program Date but prior to the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default or any Issuer 
Event of Default, any Collateral Provider may withdraw from the Collateral Security Agreement, provided that 
such withdrawal does not and is not likely to cause the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default (including 
the occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test). 
In such event, the Collateral Providers Agent (acting in its own name and on its own behalf) shall notify the other 
Finance Parties in writing of any request for the withdrawal of one or more Collateral Providers from the Collateral 
Security Agreement, and shall indicate the date of such withdrawal (the "Withdrawal Letter"). Each Withdrawal 
Letter shall be in the form set out in the Collateral Security Agreement and shall be made at least thirty (30) 
Business Days before the contemplated date of such withdrawal. 
Such withdrawal shall take effect on the Selection Date following the date indicated in the relevant Withdrawal 
Letter, subject to the following conditions precedent: 
(a) 
the issuance by the Collateral Providers Agent (acting in its own name and on its own behalf) of a 
Withdrawal Letter; 
(b) 
the notification by each of the Finance Parties to the relevant withdrawing Collateral Provider(s) (or to 
any of its representatives) indicating its acceptance of the withdrawal of such Collateral Provider, by 
way of signature of the relevant Withdrawal Letter, it being provided that the Collateral Providers Agent 
shall execute such Withdrawal Letter in its own name and on its own behalf; 
(c) 
the confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent that such withdrawal does not and is not likely to cause 
the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default;  
(d) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent shall have controlled and certified in writing to the Issuer that the Home 
Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by the withdrawing Collateral Provider(s) have been 
properly identified and that the withdrawal of such Collateral Provider(s), the subsequent release of 
Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by it/them, shall not result in a Non 
Compliance with Asset Cover Test. For such purpose, provided that the aggregate Home Loan 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by the 
withdrawing Collateral Provider(s) exceeds five per cent. (5%) of the aggregate Home Loan 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by any 
and all Collateral Provider(s), the Issuer Calculation Agent shall recalculate the Weighted Average 
Recovery Rate ("WARR") the Weighted Average Frequency of Foreclosure ("WAFF"), the Weighted 
Average Loss Severity ("WALS") and the Asset Percentage that would be applicable following the 
release of the Home Loan Receivables transferred by such withdrawing Collateral Provider(s) as 
Collateral Security; 
(e) 
the relevant withdrawing Collateral Provider has reimbursed all amounts owed by it under the relevant 
Collateral Providers facility and has paid to Crédit Agricole S.A., as lender under the Collateral 
Providers facility, any and all fees and costs relating to the early amortization of such Collateral 
Providers facility. 
For the purpose of the above, "Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each relevant 
Home Loan, the amount of principal outstanding at the relevant date under such relevant Home Loan (in Euro or 
Euro equivalent with respect to Home Loans denominated in a Specified Currency). 
Upon its withdrawal from the Collateral Security Agreement and pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions of 
the Collateral Security Agreement, each withdrawn Collateral Provider shall have no rights or obligations under

--- Page 131 ---
131 
the Collateral Security Agreement and the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by such 
withdrawn Collateral Provider shall be automatically released without any further formality. 
Exclusion of Collateral Providers 
At any time after the Program Date but prior to the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default or any Issuer 
Event of Default, any Collateral Provider may be excluded from the Collateral Security Agreement, in the event 
of a material breach of the Collateral Security Agreement by such Collateral Provider or if the non-exclusion of 
such Collateral Provider is likely to cause the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default (including the 
occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test). 
In such event, the Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall notify the relevant Collateral Provider(s) in 
writing (the "Exclusion Letter") of the decision of the Issuer to exclude it(them) as Collateral Provider. Each 
Exclusion Letter shall be executed among the Administrator (acting on behalf of the Issuer) and the Collateral 
Providers Agent (acting on its own name and on its own behalf) in the form set out in the Collateral Security 
Agreement and shall be made at least thirty (30) Business Days before the contemplated date of such exclusion.  
Such exclusion shall take effect on the Selection Date following the date indicated in the relevant Exclusion Letter, 
subject to the following conditions precedent: 
(a) 
the execution of an Exclusion Letter by the relevant parties thereto (as mentioned above); 
(b) 
the exclusion of the relevant Collateral Provider(s) has been notified in writing by the Administrator to 
the Borrower, the Issuer Calculation Agent and the other Collateral Providers; 
(c) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent shall have controlled and certified in writing to the Issuer that the Home 
Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by the excluded Collateral Provider(s) have been 
properly identified. For such purpose, provided that the aggregate Home Loan Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by the excluded Collateral 
Provider(s) exceeds 5% (five per cent.) of the aggregate Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by any and all Collateral Provider(s), the 
Issuer Calculation Agent shall recalculate the WARR, the WAFF, the WALS and the Asset Percentage 
that would be applicable following the release of the Home Loan Receivables transferred by such 
excluded Collateral Provider(s) as Collateral Security; 
(d) 
the relevant excluded Collateral Provider has reimbursed all amounts owed by it under the relevant 
Collateral Providers facility and has paid to Crédit Agricole S.A., as lender under the Collateral 
Providers facility, any and all fees and costs relating to the early amortization of such Collateral 
Providers facility. 
Upon its exclusion from the Collateral Security Agreement and pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions of 
the Collateral Security Agreement, each excluded Collateral Provider shall have no rights or obligations under the 
Collateral Security Agreement and the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security by such excluded 
Collateral Provider shall be automatically released without any further formality. 
Updated List of Collateral Providers 
At all times after the Program Date, the Collateral Providers Agent shall keep an updated list of the Collateral 
Providers, containing sufficient details of such Collateral Providers (and taking into account any accession, 
withdrawal or exclusion made pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement) and any other material events 
affecting the legal and financial situation of the Collateral Providers (and in particular the compliance with the 
Collateral Provider Eligibility Criteria). Such list shall be communicated by the Collateral Providers Agent to any 
other Finance Parties, promptly upon their request.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
For the purposes of the Collateral Security Agreement, each Collateral Provider granting Collateral Security shall, 
at the relevant Selection Date or on any other date specified below or (in the absence of mention of any such 
specific date) at any time, comply with all the following cumulative eligibility criteria (each, a "Collateral 
Provider Eligibility Criteria"): 
(a) 
the relevant entity is either: 
1) 
LCL (Crédit Lyonnais) and, subject to prior Rating Affirmation, any other French legal entity, 
located in France, duly licensed as a French credit institution (établissement de crédit), controlled 
by Crédit Agricole S.A. within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 of the French Commercial Code; 
or 
2) 
any Caisse de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (within the meaning of Articles L. 512-20 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code), to the exclusion of the Caisses Locales de Crédit Agricole 
Mutuel referred to in Articles L. 512-20 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
which is affiliated to Crédit Agricole S.A.;  
(b) 
the relevant entity has validly executed the Collateral Security Agreement on the Program Date or has 
become a party thereto in accordance with relevant provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement; 
(c) 
the relevant entity has the power to enter into the Collateral Security Agreement and to exercise its rights 
and to perform its obligations thereunder and all corporate and other action required to authorise its 
execution of the Collateral Security Agreement and its performance of its obligations thereunder have 
been done, fulfilled and performed; 
(d) 
all acts, conditions and things required to be done, fulfilled and performed in order (i) to enable such 
entity lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and to perform and comply with the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it in the Collateral Security Agreement, (ii) to ensure that the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it in the Collateral Security Agreement are legal, valid and binding and (iii) 
to make the Collateral Security Agreement admissible in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation 
have been done, fulfilled and performed (as appropriate); 
(e) 
any material obligations expressed to be assumed by the relevant entity in the Collateral Security 
Agreement are legal and valid obligations binding and enforceable on it in accordance with their 
respective terms; 
(f) 
the relevant entity is not in breach of any of its material obligations under the Collateral Security 
Agreement; 
(g) 
the execution and delivery of the Collateral Security Agreement by the relevant entity, the performance 
by it of any of the transactions contemplated therein or of any of its obligations thereunder or the creation 
of the security thereby constituted do not and will not: 
1) 
conflict with its constitutive documents; or 
2) 
contravene or constitute a default under or otherwise conflict with any provision contained in 
any material law, judgment, order, licence, permit or consent by which such entity or any of the 
assets of such entity is bound or affected; or 
3) 
conflict, in any material respect, with any agreement or document to which it is a party or by 
which it is bound nor will breach any obligation under any negative pledge or cause any 
limitation of such entity to be exceeded;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(h) 
the relevant entity is able to meet its payment obligations with its current assets and is not in a position 
of cessation of payment (cessation des paiements), nor is there any basis for any third party to request 
the opening of insolvency or similar proceedings against such entity; 
(i) 
the relevant entity is a party to a credit facility agreement with Crédit Agricole S.A. whereby Crédit 
Agricole S.A. undertakes to on-lend to the Collateral Providers the proceeds of any Borrower Advance. 
"Selection Date" means, with respect to each Home Loan Receivable to be transferred as Collateral Security under 
the Collateral Security Agreement, the date comprised between the 15th Business Day and the last Business Day 
(both included) of each calendar month upon which such Home Loan Receivable shall have been effectively 
transferred as Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security 
Agreement. 
Collateral Providers Agent 
In accordance with the Collateral Security Agreement, each Collateral Provider has appointed Crédit Agricole S.A. 
as its agent (mandataire) under and in connection with the Collateral Security Agreement and in particular in order 
to manage the Collateral Security in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers (the "Collateral Providers 
Agent"). 
Resignation of the Collateral Providers Agent 
The Collateral Providers Agent may resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it in the Collateral Security 
Agreement only upon prior Rating Affirmation and prior approval of the Issuer on the replacement agent. Such 
resignation shall only be effective upon replacement of the Collateral Providers Agent. 
Collateral Providers Agent's Event of Defaults 
Collateral Providers Agent's Event of Defaults will occur upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, 
a "Collateral Providers Agent's Event of Default"): 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Collateral Providers Agent is incorrect or 
misleading or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the 
same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given 
notice thereof to the Collateral Providers Agent or (if sooner) the Collateral Providers Agent has 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that such misinterpretation is 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Collateral Providers Agent fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Collateral 
Security Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business 
Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Collateral Providers Agent or (if sooner) the 
Collateral Providers Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies 
that such failure to comply is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
or 
(c) 
to the extent permitted by law, an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Collateral Providers Agent; 
or  
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Collateral Providers Agent to perform or comply with any 
or all of its material obligations under the Collateral Security Agreement or any or all of its material 
obligations under the Collateral Security Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Providers Agent's Event of Default, the Collateral Providers Agent shall notify 
the Issuer of such occurrence promptly after becoming aware of it. 
Replacement of the Collateral Providers Agent  
Subject to Rating Affirmation, the Collateral Providers may, by their unanimous collective decision, or shall, upon 
occurrence of a Collateral Providers Agent’s Event of Default, terminate the appointment of the Collateral 
Providers Agent provided that (i) the choice of the new Collateral Providers Agent shall have been approved by 
the Issuerand (ii) no replacement of the Collateral Providers Agent shall become effective until such new approved 
Collateral Providers Agent has been appointed.  
Eligible Assets 
For the purposes of the Collateral Security Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" means, in relation to Collateral Security 
transferred by any and all Collateral Providers, any Home Loan Receivable that complies, or whose underlying 
Home Loan complies (each, a "relevant Home Loan"), with the requirements of the SFH Legal Framework and 
each of the following eligibility criteria (the "Home Loan Eligibility Criteria"): 
(a) 
prior to the date upon which the relevant Home Loan has been made available to the borrower thereof, 
all lending criteria and conditions precedent as applied by the originator of such relevant Home Loan 
pursuant to its customary lending procedures were satisfied; 
(b) 
the underlying property is located in the jurisdiction of the originator of the relevant Home Loan; 
(c) 
the relevant Home Loan is governed by the law of the jurisdiction where the originator of the relevant 
Home Loan is located; 
(d) 
the relevant Home Loan is denominated in Euro or in a Specified Currency; 
(e) 
all sums due under the relevant Home Loan (including interest and costs) are secured by a fully effective 
Home Loan Security; 
(f) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the current principal balance of the relevant Home Loan is no more than 
Euro 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Specified Currency; 
(g) 
the loan-to-value of the relevant Home Loan is no more than one hundred per cent. (100%); 
(h) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the remaining term for the relevant Home Loan is less than thirty (30) 
years; 
(i) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the borrower under the relevant Home Loan has paid at least one (1) 
instalment in respect of such Home Loan; 
(j) 
the borrower under the relevant Home Loan is an individual who is not an employee of the originator 
of such relevant Home Loan; 
(k) 
the relevant Home Loan is current (i.e. does not present any arrears) as at the Selection Date; 
(l) 
the relevant Home Loan is either monthly or quarterly amortising as at the Selection Date; 
(m) 
under the relevant Home Loan, the borrower does not benefit from a right to raise contractual right of 
set-off against the relevant Collateral Provider;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
(n) 
the opening by the borrower under the relevant Home Loan of a bank account dedicated to payments 
due under such relevant Home Loan is not provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements as a 
condition precedent to the originator of such relevant Home Loan making such relevant Home Loan 
available to the borrower under such relevant Home Loan; 
(o) 
except in the event that prior Rating Affirmation has been delivered, no amount drawn under the relevant 
Home Loan is capable of being redrawn by the borrower thereof (i.e. such relevant Home Loan is not 
flexible); 
(p) 
as at the end of the current calendar month, the Collateral Provider granting the Home Loan Receivables 
as Collateral Security complies with any and all Collateral Provider Eligibility Criteria; 
(q) 
except in the event that prior Rating Affirmation has been delivered, the relevant Home Loan does not 
relate to a property under construction (bien en construction) or to an unachieved property (bien non 
achevé); 
(r) 
the inclusion of the Home Loan Receivable in the Collateral Security Assets shall not result in the 
aggregate amount of the Home Loan Receivables under the relevant Home Loans guaranteed by a Home 
Loan Guarantee granted by CAMCA (as defined below) being equal to or exceeding fifty per cent. 
(50%) of the aggregate amount of all the Collateral Security Assets. 
CAMCA Assurance ("CAMCA") is a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, licensed as 
an insurance company (entreprise d'assurance) by ministerial order (arrété ministériel) dated 5 May 1997, whose 
registered office is located at 32, avenue de la Liberté - L-1930 Luxembourg, registered with the Trade and 
Companies Registry (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) of Luxembourg under the number B 58149. CAMCA 
is an affiliate of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
If it is confirmed that a relevant Home Loan ceases to comply with any of the Home Loan Eligibility Criteria (each, 
an "Ineligible Home Loan"), any Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security under such Ineligible 
Home Loan shall account for zero for the purpose of calculation of the Asset Cover Test on the relevant Asset 
Cover Test Date (see section entitled "ASSET MONITORING – The Asset Cover Test"). In addition, the 
Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the relevant Collateral Provider(s), may request 
that such Ineligible Home Loan be released from the scope of the Collateral Security. 
The Home Loan Eligibility Criteria may be amended from time to time subject to prior Rating Affirmation. 
For the purpose hereof:  
"Home Loan" means each and any loan financing residential real estate property originated by any Collateral 
Provider. 
"Home Loan Receivable" means each and any loan receivable arising from any Home Loan. 
"Home Loan Security" means, in respect of a Home Loan, a Mortgage or a Home Loan Guarantee. 
"Home Loan Guarantee" means (i) each and any joint and several guarantee or other type of guarantee provided 
by Crédit Logement or by CAMCA or, subject to Rating Affirmation, a credit institution of the EEA or the United 
Kingdom specialised in the guaranteeing of loans financing the acquisition of residential real estate property and 
guaranteeing the Home Loans; or (ii) subject to Rating Affirmation, each and any financial guarantee or other type 
of guarantee provided by insurance companies or mutual insurance companies and guaranteeing the Home Loans. 
"Mortgage" means each duly registered first ranking mortgage (and in particular in respect of Home Loans 
governed by French law, any hypothèque) or similar first ranking legal privilege (and in particular in respect of

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Home Loans governed by French law, any privilège de prêteur de deniers) securing the repayment of any given 
Home Loan, or any second ranking mortgage securing the repayment of any given Home Loan if the relevant first 
ranking mortgage is granted to secure the repayment of a Home Loan which receivable is transferred as Collateral 
Security. 
Collateral Security 
In accordance with paragraphs I and II, 1°) of Article L. 211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
Collateral Security shall be constituted by transfers of Eligible Assets, such transfers being enforceable against 
third parties without further formalities, other than the identification of the transferred (remis en pleine propriété) 
Eligible Assets in the relevant Transfer Certificate delivered to the Issuer by the Collateral Providers Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement. 
Without prejudice to the joint and several liability of the Collateral Providers, the Issuer has acknowledged that 
any Collateral Security granted by a given Collateral Provider to the benefit of the Issuer pursuant to the Collateral 
Security Agreement shall be only to the extent of the amount (as calculated from time to time) of Eligible Assets 
which are transferred as Collateral Security. 
Any Eligible Asset transferred subject to, and in accordance with, the Collateral Security Agreement will 
automatically form part of the Collateral Security until final release and discharge, but without prejudice to release 
which may occur in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement. 
For the whole duration of the Collateral Security, the Issuer has full legal title over the Collateral Security Assets. 
In particular, the Issuer may use, re-use or dispose for its own benefit of all or part of the Collateral Security Assets 
at any time as long as the Collateral Security is continuing, notably by transferring, pledging or otherwise using as 
collateral security such Collateral Security Assets, provided that the Issuer shall be liable to return such Collateral 
Security Assets to the relevant Collateral Providers (as represented by the Collateral Providers Agent) if and when 
required in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Security Agreement. The Issuer shall inform the 
Collateral Providers Agent (acting on behalf of the Collateral Providers) of such use. The Issuer may use the 
Collateral Security Assets as collateral eligible to credit transactions with the Banque de France in accordance 
with the monetary and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem and in accordance with the provisions 
of the Program Documents if necessary to finance any liquidity needs in order to comply with its obligations under 
the SFH Legal Framework.  
Transfer Procedure 
Selection rules of Eligible Assets 
Each Collateral Provider has appointed the Collateral Providers Agent to, at each Selection Date or Interim 
Selection Date throughout the Borrower Security Period, select such Home Loan Receivables that qualify as 
Eligible Assets among all its Home Loan Receivables, at each such date: 
(i) 
in a number and amount as is sufficient in order, together with any and all Home Loan Receivables 
selected from the other Collateral Providers, for the Asset Cover Test to be complied with at any Asset 
Cover Test Date; and 
(ii) 
so that the average life of the Collateral Security Assets, together with the Legal Substitution Assets 
held by the Issuer on such date, complies with the requirements of the SFH Legal Framework. 
Each Collateral Provider has expressly acknowledged and agreed that it shall be bound by any selection and 
repartition made by the Collateral Providers Agent as to its Home Loan Receivables.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Upon the occurrence of a Level 2 Trigger Event and within sixty (60) days from the occurrence of any Level 2 
Trigger Event, the Collateral Providers autorise the Collateral Providers Agent to substitute the Home Loan 
Receivables transferred as Collateral Security and guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee granted by CAMCA, by 
Home Loan Receivables that comply (or whose underlying Home Loan complies) with the Home Loan Eligibility 
Criteria and are secured by a Mortgage. 
Selection Date 
On each Selection Date: 
(a) 
the Home Loan Receivables selected by the Collateral Providers Agent to be transferred by the 
Collateral Providers as Collateral Security on such Selection Date shall: 
(i) 
qualify as Eligible Assets;  
(ii) 
be pre-flagged as transferred as security in the IT system of each relevant Collateral Provider; 
and 
(iii) 
be identified in the relevant Asset Report, and 
(b) 
the Collateral Providers (as represented by the Collateral Providers Agent) shall deliver to the Issuer a 
Transfer Certificate on such Selection Date which shall duly identify and individualise such Home Loan 
Receivables to be transferred. 
With effect on each Selection Date and upon confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent that a Non Compliance 
with Asset Cover Test in the relevant Asset Cover Test Calculation Notice would not occur as a result thereof: 
(a) 
the Collateral Security Assets transferred as Collateral Security on the preceding Selection Date or 
Interim Selection Date shall automatically and entirely be released without formality, which each 
Collateral Provider and the Issuer have expressly accepted in advance; and 
(b) 
the Collateral Security Assets identified and individualised in the relevant Transfer Certificate delivered 
on the Selection Date shall: 
(i) 
be transferred as Collateral Security; and 
(ii) 
entirely replace the Collateral Security Assets released from the Collateral Security on such date 
pursuant to paragraph (a) above, 
which each Collateral Provider and the Issuer has expressly accepted in advance. 
Each Collateral Provider (i) has acknowledged and accepted that the Collateral Security Assets shall be identified 
in its IT system as being transferred by way of security to the Issuer until the date such Collateral Security Assets 
no longer form part of the Collateral Security and (ii) has undertaken to deliver to the Issuer, upon first demand of 
the Issuer, any supplemental identification or individualization information relating to the Collateral Security 
Assets. 
"Transfer Certificate" means a full title transfer certificate (certificate de transfert) substantially in the form 
provided by the Collateral Security Agreement to be remitted by the Collateral Providers Agent to the Issuer.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Interim Selection Date  
The Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, shall be at any time 
entitled to request that any Home Loan Receivable transferred as Collateral Security be added and/or released from 
the scope of the Collateral Security on any Interim Selection Date. In particular, if the Issuer Calculation Agent 
confirms to the Borrower and the Issuer in any relevant Asset Cover Test Calculation Notice that any Home Loan 
underlying a Home Loan Receivable transferred as Collateral Security has become an Ineligible Home Loan, the 
Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the relevant Collateral Providers, shall request that 
such Home Loan Receivable be released from the scope of the Collateral Security and substituted by a Home Loan 
Receivable arising from an Eligible Home Loan.  
The conditions to new transfers (additions) of Home Loan Receivables on an Interim Selection Date are the same 
than the ones that must be met for a transfer of Home Loan Receivables on a Selection Date described above.  
The conditions to releases are as follows: 
(i) 
on the proposed Interim Selection Date, the Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf 
of the Collateral Providers, shall have delivered to the Issuer (with copy to the Issuer Calculation Agent 
and the Administrator) a Release Request identifying the Home Loan Receivables requested by the 
Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, to be released 
from the scope of the Collateral Security with effect as of the Release Date; and 
(ii) 
no later than the proposed Interim Selection Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall have controlled 
and certified in writing to the Issuer that the Home Loan Receivables identified in the Release Request 
have been properly identified and that the proposed release shall not result, on or after the Release Date, 
in a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test, by delivering to the Issuer, to the Administrator and to the 
Collateral Providers Agent (with copy to the Rating Agencies) a Release Confirmation Notice; for such 
purpose, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall recalculate the Asset Percentage that would be applicable 
following such release; the Issuer has expressly agreed that it will be deemed, upon receipt of a Release 
Confirmation Notice, to have agreed to the release and, as a result, waived any of its rights over the 
Collateral Security Assets referred to in such Release Confirmation Notice as of the Release Date 
referred to in this confirmation. 
For the purpose hereof, "Release Date" means the date indicated in the Release Request which shall be sent no 
later than thirty (30) Business Days prior to the proposed Release Date. 
Monitoring 
The Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, shall monitor the 
Collateral Security Assets so as to, at all times, comply with the Asset Cover Test and the Minimum Legal 
Overcollateralisation Ratio (as further described in "ASSET MONITORING").  
In particular, the Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, may 
from time to time add and/or release Collateral Security Assets (including Home Loan Receivables arising from 
Ineligible Home Loans) from the scope of the Collateral Security as described above. However, any such addition 
and/or release shall be effective only subject to confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent that a Non 
Compliance with Asset Cover Test would not occur as a result of such addition and/or release. For such purpose, 
the Issuer Calculation Agent shall recalculate the Asset Percentage (as defined in "ASSET MONITORING – The 
Asset Cover Test") that would be applicable following such addition and/or release each time any such addition 
and/or release is requested by the Collateral Providers Agent.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Upon non compliance with the Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Collateral Providers Agent, 
acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, shall cure such non compliance on each Selection 
Date prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date, by: 
(c) 
causing the Collateral Providers to transfer additional eligible Home Loan Receivables as Collateral 
Security pursuant to the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement; and/or 
(d) 
causing the Collateral Providers to release ineligible Collateral Security Assets from the Collateral 
Security pursuant to the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement. 
A failure to cure a non compliance with the Asset Cover Test which has occurred on any Asset Cover Test Date 
prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" under the 
Collateral Security Agreement. Any Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event 
of Default. 
Asset Servicing 
The Issuer has full title over the Collateral Security Assets. However, the Collateral Providers are entitled to keep 
and dispose of any collections received under the Collateral Security Assets, subject to the provisions of the 
Collateral Security Agreement. 
Until enforcement of the Collateral Security in accordance with the terms and subject to the provisions described 
below, the servicing, management and recovery of the Collateral Security Assets shall continue to be carried out 
by the Collateral Providers and without any fee consideration, the Collateral Providers finding an economic 
consideration otherwise. Upon enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer and each of the Collateral 
Providers will agree for a due fee consideration by mutual agreement, it being provided that such fees will benefit 
from the Privilège in accordance with Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, considering 
that such servicing duties will fall at that time into the scope of the “gestion ou recouvrement des prêts” in the 
meaning of Article L. 513-15 of the Monetary and Financial Code as long as the relevant Collateral Provider 
remains the servicer of the Home Loan Receivables. 
The Collateral Providers shall perform the servicing of the Collateral Security Assets in accordance with applicable 
laws and the applicable Servicing Procedures, using the degree of skill, care and attention as for the servicing of 
their assets for their own account, without interfering with the Issuer's material rights under the Collateral Security 
Agreement. 
The Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, shall provide each 
Finance Party (with copy to the Rating Agencies) with: 
(a) 
on a date comprised between the fifteenth (15th) Business Day and the last Business Day (both included) 
of each calendar month (the "Asset Report Date"), an asset report (the "Asset Report") up-to-date on 
the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the month within which the Asset Report Date 
occurs; 
(b) 
on each Selection Date, an Asset Report up-to-date on the last day of the calendar month immediately 
preceding such Selection Date, but including only the relevant data and information with respect to the 
Collateral Security Assets to be transferred as Collateral Security on such Selection Date; 
(c) 
promptly upon the request of any Finance Party while a Borrower Event of Default has occurred, an 
Asset Report up-to-date on the date which shall have been specified in such request; and 
(d) 
at any time and in order to control compliance under the Collateral Security Agreement or for any 
auditing purposes, such additional information as any Finance Party may reasonably require with

--- Page 140 ---
140 
reasonable prior notice (except upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default in which case such 
notice is not required) in connection with any Asset Report or the Collateral Security Assets. 
The Collateral Providers shall furthermore, in accordance with the Servicing Procedures, establish, maintain or 
cause to be maintained and furthermore administer at all times accurate, complete and up-to-date records with 
respect to the Collateral Security Assets.  
For the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether the Collateral Security Assets remain Eligible Assets or control 
Asset Reports, each Finance Party (or any agent acting on its behalf) is granted the access to the Collateral 
Providers' premises, or to premises where the Asset Records (as defined below) are located, in order to inspect or 
audit such Asset Records (such right of inspection or audit including taking copies of all or any document or data). 
For the purpose hereof:  
"Asset Records" means: 
(a) 
the computer and manual records, files, internal data, books and all other information (including 
information stored in information systems) related to the Collateral Security Assets, together with the 
underlying contracts and other documents evidencing title of the relevant entity to such assets 
(including, with respect to Home Loans, the related Home Loan Security); and 
(b) 
the records, files, internal data, computer systems and all other information related to the Collection 
Accounts and the operation of the same. 
"Collection Accounts" means any and all bank accounts opened in the name of a Collateral Provider to collect 
interest and principal paid under the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security, as specified from 
time to time to the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement.  
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Collateral Providers Agent and the Collateral Providers have made customary representations, warranties and 
undertakings in favour of the Issuer, such representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the 
Collateral Security Agreement and continuing until satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement following the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default:  
(a) 
the Issuer (represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting on its 
behalf) shall be entitled to notify to any debtor (with copy to the Collateral Providers Agent) the 
transfer of the Collateral Security Assets made to its benefit in accordance with the provisions of 
the Collateral Security Agreement and the corresponding Transfer Certificate;  
(b) 
each such notice (a "Notice to Debtor") shall also mention, as applicable, the new payment 
instructions to be observed by the debtor with respect to the payment of sums due under the Collateral 
Security Assets and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation. In any such case, any relevant 
debtor shall then pay the sums payable by it under each transferred receivables directly to the Issuer. 
Any payment made by any debtor to the Borrower as from the date of receipt of a Notice to Debtor will 
not discharge such debtor of its obligations under the relevant Collateral Security Assets and/or the 
related Asset Contractual Documentation;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(c) 
the Issuer (represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting on its 
behalf) shall exercise all its rights, discretions, privileges and remedies under the Collateral Security 
Assets or any related Asset Records and related documents, including, without any formality 
whatsoever, all rights of title, all discretions, benefits and all other rights in relation to any right, 
privilege, guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or, as 
the case may be, attached to the Collateral Security Assets (and, in particular, any and all relevant Home 
Loan Security) whatever the value of Collateral Security Assets at the time of the service of the 
Borrower Enforcement Notice and shall be entitled to dispose of, transfer, sale or cause to be sold, any 
or all of the Collateral Security Assets, but subject to the repayment claim (créance de restitution) of 
the Collateral Providers against the Issuer; 
(d) 
with immediate effect as from the delivery of a Notice to Debtor, the Collateral Providers shall 
(i) no longer be entitled to collect on their own account any sums under the Collateral Security Assets 
(that shall be directly collected on the Issuer’s account) and (ii), if so decided and indicated by a written 
notice to the Collateral Providers sent at any time upon or after the occurrence of the Borrower Event 
of Default by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting 
on its behalf), no longer be entitled to continue to service the Collateral Security Assets; and 
(e) 
upon the instructions of the Issuer, the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting 
on the Issuer’s or the Administrator’s behalf (each, an "Enforcing Party"), the Collateral Providers 
Agent, the Collateral Providers and the Borrower shall: 
(i) 
deliver such Asset Records and related documents as well as the deeds, acts, agreements 
and contractual documents governing the Collateral Security Assets and Asset Contractual 
Documentation to the Enforcing Party to such place as the same may reasonably designate; 
(ii) 
grant the Enforcing Party reasonable access to its facilities, premises, computer and/or 
software systems; and 
(iii) 
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall 
have been appointed as Substitute Administrator in replacement of the Administrator to take over its 
duties in such capacity. 
For the purpose hereof: 
"Asset Contractual Documentation" means, in relation to any Collateral Security Asset, all originals or executive 
or true copies (copies exécutoires) of any contract, instrument or other document (such as riders, waivers and 
amendments) providing for the terms and conditions of, and/or evidencing title and benefit to, such Collateral 
Security Asset and any right, privilege, guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou 
sûreté) ancillary or, as the case may be, attached thereto (and, in particular, any and all relevant Home Loan 
Security). 
No right of the Issuer to enforce the Collateral Security shall be in any manner affected or limited by any Insolvency 
Event with respect to the Collateral Providers and/or Borrower or any of its assets, pursuant to Article L. 211-40 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Application of proceeds 
Following the service of any Notice to Debtor in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Security 
Agreement, (i) any principal and interest payments, distributions, sale or liquidation proceeds and other sums under 
the Collateral Security Assets and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation (together, the "Collections") 
received by the Issuer thereunder shall be applied (together with any Cash Collateral enforced in accordance with 
the provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement) towards the satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
As from the day upon which all sums due under the Secured Liabilities have been fully and definitively satisfied, 
the Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, shall have the right to 
(i) claim against the Issuer for repayment of the portion of the Collections received by the Issuer and not applied 
to the satisfaction of the Secured Liabilities and (ii) request the final release of the Collateral Security for any 
remaining outstanding Collateral Security Assets from the Issuer in the conditions set out in the Collateral Security 
Agreement. The claim of the Collateral Providers for repayment (créance de restitution) does not benefit from the 
Privilège set out in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Such repayment by the Issuer 
to the Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, shall be made, 
subject to the applicable Priority Payment Order, as soon as reasonably practicable following such day upon which 
all sums due under any and all the Tranches and Series of Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full and the 
Secured Liabilities fully and definitively satisfied. 
In the event that the Secured Liabilities have not been fully satisfied after applying the Collections in accordance 
with the provisions above, the Issuer will still have a claim against the Borrower for the sums remaining unpaid 
under the Secured Liabilities and may take any further steps against the Borrower to recover any such unpaid sum. 
Limited Recourse - Non Petitition - Amendments 
The Collateral Security Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, 
as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - 5(g) Program Documents". 
III. 
THE CASH COLLATERAL AGREEMENT 
Background 
The Cash Collateral Agreement refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Program Date and amended on or 
about the date of this Base Prospectus, as the case may be, between (i) the Issuer in its capacity as "Lender", and 
(ii) Crédit Agricole S.A. in its capacity as "Cash Collateral Provider" (the "Cash Collateral Provider"), 
"Administrator" and "Issuer Calculation Agent" (the "Cash Collateral Agreement"). 
The Cash Collateral Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the Cash Collateral Provider shall 
fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) pursuant to articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (each, a "Cash Collateral") into the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and Interest 
Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account. 
Creation and Perfection 
Any Cash Collateral shall be created upon credit of the corresponding sums into the Cash Collateral Account, the 
Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account or the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account.  
The perfection of each Cash Collateral shall not be conditional upon any formality. Each Cash Collateral shall 
entail the transfer of title in favour of the Issuer with respect to the relevant cash funded into the Cash Collateral 
Account, the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account. 
The positive balance from time to time outstanding on the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and 
Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account shall at all times be kept and vested 
with the Issuer, form part of the Issuer's assets and be applied to, as applicable: (i) the repayment of the Secured 
Liabilities and/or (ii) the funding of any CAMCA Credit Support or any CAMCA Enhancement, and/or (iii) the 
payment of costs relating to the taking of judiciary mortgages securing any relevant Home Loan Receivable 
transferred as Collateral Security pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Any such balance at any time standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and Interest 
Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account may be invested only in Permitted Investments 
whose maturity is earlier than the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. For the purpose of each Cash Collateral to be created hereunder, the 
Issuer shall be hereby entitled not to segregate the funds credited to the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection 
Loss and Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account from its other assets.  
The Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve 
Account may be commingled in a unique bank account opened in the name of the Issuer, it being specified that 
such bank account(s) may be opened in the name of the Issuer within the books of the Banque de France.  
Cash Collateral Account 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall fund a bank account opened in the Issuer's name initially within the books of 
the Issuer Accounts Bank (the "Cash Collateral Account") up to an amount determined in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement to meet certain liquidity tests as further described in the 
section below entitled "ASSET MONITORING - The Pre-Maturity Test " and "ASSET MONITORING - 
The Legal Liquidity Reserve". 
Pursuant to the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Cash Collateral Provider may also agree from time to time with 
the Issuer to fund additional amounts into the Cash Collateral Account in order to cover, as applicable, any interest, 
currency or liquidity risks borne by the Issuer (in addition or in lieu of any other existing hedging mechanism) (see 
also the section entitled "RISK FACTORS - Risks related to the operation of the Issuer"). A breach to fund 
any such additional Cash Collateral from the Cash Collateral Provider would also constitute a Borrower Event of 
Default. 
Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account 
Upon downgrading of the credit rating of the Borrower below A-1 (short term ICR) by S&P (the "Collection Loss 
Trigger Event"), the Cash Collateral Provider shall be required to pay or maintain to the credit of the Collection 
Loss and Interest Reserve Account an amount calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent (the "Collection Loss 
Reserve") as per below: 
(a) 
within ten (10) Business Days from the occurrence of any Collection Loss Trigger Event, the Cash 
Collateral Provider shall be required to pay or maintain to the credit of the Collection Loss and Interest 
Reserve Account an amount equal to the aggregate amount of collections expected to be received by the 
Collateral Providers under the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security during the two 
and half (2.5) calendar months following the occurrence date of the Collection Loss Trigger Event; and  
(b) 
further, within ten (10) Business Days following each subsequent Selection Date, the Cash Collateral 
Provider shall be required to pay or maintain to the credit of the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve 
Account an amount equal to the aggregate amount of collections received by the Collateral Providers 
under the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security during the two and half (2.5) calendar 
months following the relevant Selection Date.  
Failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund or adjust the amount standing to the credit of the Collection Loss 
and Interest Reserve Account up to the applicable required amount within the required period shall constitute a 
"Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement". A Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding 
Requirement constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account 
Upon downgrading of the credit ratings of the Borrower below the following ratings: below A-1 (short term ICR) 
(S&P), or below both A (long term IDR) (Fitch) and F1 (short term IDR) (Fitch), or below A3 (long term IDR) 
(Moody's) (each, a "Level 1 Trigger Event") and within thirty (30) calendar days from the occurrence of any 
Level 1 Trigger Event, the Cash Collateral Provider shall be required to pay and maintain into a dedicated bank 
account to be opened within such period by the Administrator within the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank or 
any central bank, in accordance with the Administrative Agreement in the Issuer’s name (the "Home Loan 
Guarantee Reserve Account") an amount equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount of the registration costs of mortgages in respect of the Home Loans which, as of 
the date of the occurrence of the relevant Level 1 Trigger Event, are guaranteed by a Home Loan 
Guarantee granted by CAMCA, such amount to be communicated to the Rating Agencies before any 
implementation of such reserve; or 
(b) 
the outstanding principal amount of all the Home Loans which, as of the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Level 1 Trigger Event, are guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee granted by CAMCA, as 
multiplied by the CAMCA Guaranteed Loan Percentage; 
or any other amount, subject to prior AAA/Aaa Rating Affirmation by the Rating Agencies. 
Such amount will be adjusted at each Selection Date according to the outstanding principal amount of all the Home 
Loans guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee granted by CAMCA. 
Failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account up to the required 
amount within the required period following the occurrence of a Level 1 Trigger Event shall constitute a "Breach 
of Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Funding Requirement". A Breach of Home Loan Guarantee Reserve 
Funding Requirement constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
For the purpose hereof, "CAMCA Guaranteed Loan Percentage" means five point five per cent. (5.5%) or any 
other new percentage figure, as determined by the Issuer Calculation Agent for all relevant Home Loan Receivables 
transferred as Collateral Security and guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee granted by CAMCA following a 
Level 1 Trigger Event, provided that (i) such new percentage figure is subject to Rating Affirmation by Moody's 
and (ii) the Covered Bonds are still rated Aaa by Moody's if a lower percentage figure is proposed by the Issuer 
Calculation Agent. 
Upon downgrading of the credit ratings of the Borrower below the following ratings: below BBB (long term ICR) 
(S&P), BBB (long term IDR) (Fitch), Baa2 (long term senior unsecured and unsubordinated rating for a senior 
unsecured debt which is not a non-preferred senior debt) (Moody's) (the "Level 2 Trigger Event") and within 
sixty (60) days from the occurrence of any Level 2 Trigger Event:  
(a) 
the Administrator shall, subject to prior Rating Affirmation, ensure that the commitment of CAMCA 
under the Home Loan Guarantees granted by CAMCA and guaranteeing the repayment of Home Loan 
Receivables transferred as Collateral Security is fully guaranteed, insured or reinsured or otherwise 
protected by an Eligible CAMCA Guarantor (the "CAMCA Credit Support") and will use the sums 
credited to the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account for this purpose; or  
(b) 
the Administrator shall, subject to prior Rating Affirmation, ensure that any other credit support is 
provided in any form with respect to the Home Loan Receivables guaranteed by Home Loan Guarantees 
granted by CAMCA and transferred as Collateral Security, including inter alia cash collateral, securities 
or any other form of collateral, on terms determined in accordance with the methodologies published by 
the Rating Agencies (the "CAMCA Enhancement") and will use the sums credited to the Home Loan 
Guarantee Reserve Account for this purpose; or

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(c) 
the Administrator shall cause the Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the 
relevant Collateral Provider(s), to substitute the Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral 
Security and guaranteed by a Home Loan Guarantee granted by CAMCA, by Home Loan Receivables 
that comply (or whose underlying Home Loan complies) with the Home Loan Eligibility Criteria and 
are secured by a Mortgage. 
As from the date on which the commitment of CAMCA under the Home Loan Guarantees granted by CAMCA 
and guaranteeing the repayment of Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security is fully guaranteed, 
insured or reinsured or otherwise protected by an Eligible CAMCA Guarantor, or a CAMCA Enhancement or a 
substitution contemplated in the Cash Collateral Agreement have been implemented, the sums credited to the 
Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account and which remain unused shall be released from such account and repaid 
to the Cash Collateral Provider. 
The Collateral Security Agreement provides that, upon the occurrence of a Level 2 Trigger Event, and within 
ninety (90) days from the occurrence of such Level 2 Trigger Event, and provided that neither a CAMCA 
Enhancement nor a CAMCA Credit Support has been implemented at such time under the form determined in 
accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agencies, any Home Loan Receivables (i) transferred 
as Collateral Security and guaranteed by Home Loan Guarantees granted by CAMCA, and (ii) which is not secured 
by a mortgage or similar legal privileges (hypothèque or privilège de prêteur de deniers) shall account for zero for 
the purpose of calculation of the Asset Cover Test on any relevant Asset Cover Test Date and, as applicable, shall 
account for zero for the purpose of calculation of the Amortisation Test on any relevant Amortisation Test Date. 
The Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the relevant Collateral Provider(s), may request 
that such Home Loan Receivables be released from the scope of the Collateral Security, provided that such release 
is not likely to cause any occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test. 
For the purpose hereof, "Eligible CAMCA Guarantor" means, with respect to any entity granting a CAMCA 
Credit Support or, as applicable, a guarantor of such entity, an entity or a guarantor of such entity which: 
(a) 
is rated by Moody's and Fitch, and whose rating for a senior unsecured debt which is not a non-preferred 
senior debt is at least A3 (long term senior unsecured and unsubordinated rating for a senior unsecured 
debt which is not a non-preferred senior debt) (Moody's) and whose issuer default rating (IDR) is at 
least A- (long term) (Fitch) or has provided collateral for its obligations and complied with any relevant 
rating criteria set forth by the relevant Rating Agencies; and 
(b) 
is permitted under any applicable and relevant law to carry out the relevant transactions contemplated 
under the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Interest Reserve  
Upon downgrading of the credit ratings of the Borrower below: 
(a) 
the Counterparty Risk Assessment of A2 (Cr) (or, if no such rating exists, a LT Senior unsecured rating 
for a debt which is not a non preferred debt of A2) and P-1 by Moody’s (the "Moody's Interest Reserve 
Trigger Event"); and/or 
(b) 
long term IDR of A (Fitch) or short term IDR of F1 by Fitch (the "Fitch Interest Reserve Trigger 
Event"),  
(each of the Moody's Interest Reserve Trigger Event and the Fitch Interest Reserve Trigger Event being an 
"Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event", the Cash Collateral Provider shall be required to pay or maintain into 
the credit of the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account an amount calculated by the Issuer Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions below.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
The amount to be funded or maintained into the credit of the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account in this 
respect (the "Interest Reserve") shall be as per below: 
(a) 
(i) following fourteen (14) calendar days after the receipt of the relevant Interest Funding Notice (as 
 
defined below) and (ii) on each day after such initial funding, the amount of interest together with any 
 
net flows due under any Issuer Hedging Agreement falling due under or in respect with the Covered 
 
Bonds for the next coming ninety calendar (90) days and increased by the aggregate amount of fees, 
 
costs, expenses, taxes and other ancillary sums (excluding interest and principal amounts) scheduled to 
 
be paid by the Issuer within the next coming ninety calendar (90) days; and 
(b) 
increased, as the case may be, by any amount agreed by the Issuer and the Cash Collateral Provider 
 
pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
The Issuer Calculation Agent shall inform the Cash Collateral Provider of the amount of the Interest Reserve by 
written notice (the "Interest Funding Notice") delivered to the Cash Collateral Provider (with a copy to the Issuer, 
the Administrator and the Rating Agencies) within three (3) Business Days from the occurrence of an Interest 
Reserve Rating Trigger Event.  
If on the date on which the Interest Reserve is required, a Collection Loss Reserve is already or has also to be 
credited on such date, the Cash Collateral Provider shall fund or maintain to the credit of the Collection Loss and 
Interest Reserve Account an amount equal to the greater of (i) the amount of the Collection Loss Reserve on such 
date and (ii) the amount of the Interest Reserve on such date. 
Failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund or maintain the amount standing to the credit of the Collection Loss 
and Interest Reserve Account up to the Interest Reserve on the relevant funding date as mentioned above shall 
constitute a Borrower Event of Default. 
Remuneration 
The Issuer shall pay interest (each, an "Interest Payment") to the Cash Collateral Provider in respect of the 
principal amount of each of the Cash Collateral funded subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Cash 
Collateral Agreement. Each Interest Payment will accrue daily on each of such Cash Collateral at the Interest Rate. 
Each Interest Payment will be calculated for each Interest Period on each relevant Interest Payment Date for the 
Interest Period. On the contrary, subject to the SFH Legal Framework, if any of the Cash Collateral is funded or 
invested in an account opened in the name of the Issuer and is remunerated at a rate that is or become negative, the 
Cash Collateral Provider shall refund such negative remuneration to the Issuer.  
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Rate" means the lesser of (i) any overnight rate as determined between the parties in the Cash Collateral 
Agreement, or (ii) the remuneration received by the Issuer in investing the cash standing to the credit of (as 
applicable) the Cash Collateral Account, Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account or the Home Loan 
Guarantee Reserve Account during the relevant Interest Period. 
"Business Day" means a day on which the banks are open for business in Paris and in London (excluding in any 
event Saturday and Sunday). 
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period. If an Interest Payment Date falls on a day 
other than a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed on the next Business Day. 
“Interest Period” means, with respect to each Cash Collateral, a period of three (3) calendar months. The first 
Interest Period with respect to each Cash Collateral will start from and including any date upon which such Cash 
Collateral is funded subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms hereof, and will end on but excluding

--- Page 147 ---
147 
the last day of the three-month period following such date. Each following Interest Period with respect to such 
Cash Collateral will be the period from, and including, the preceding Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the 
next Interest Payment Date. 
The Interest Payments due with respect to each Cash Collateral shall accrue on a day-to-day basis and shall (i) be 
credited on each Interest Payment Date to (as applicable) the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and 
Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account or (ii) be paid in accordance with any 
other agreement between the Parties. Each Interest Payment shall be compounded with the relevant Cash Collateral 
where the said Interest Payment has accrued for at least one year. Each Interest Payment shall be part of the Cash 
Collateral (gage-espèces) and, accordingly, be held by the Issuer and applied to, as applicable: (i) the repayment 
of the Secured Liabilities and/or (ii) the funding of any CAMCA Credit Support or any CAMCA Enhancement, 
and/or (iii) the payment of costs relating to the taking of judiciary mortgages securing any relevant Home Loan 
Receivable transferred as Collateral Security pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Cash Collateral Provider has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, 
the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Cash Collateral Agreement and 
continuing until satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement following the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) shall be entitled to apply 
to the repayment of the Secured Liabilities (i) all sums standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and 
(ii) all sums standing to the credit of the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan 
Guarantee Reserve Account which have not been used prior to such date in accordance with the relevant provisions 
of the Cash Collateral Agreement to fund any CAMCA Credit Support or any CAMCA Enhancement, and/or the 
payment of costs relating to the taking of judiciary mortgages securing any relevant Home Loan Receivable 
transferred as Collateral Security pursuant to the Collateral Security Agreement. 
Any sum remaining to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account 
and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account after satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities shall be 
promptly repaid to the Cash Collateral Provider. For the avoidance of doubt, such claim for repayment (créance 
de restitution) does not benefit from the privilege referred to in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. 
With immediate effect as from the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and upon the instructions of each of 
the Issuer, the Administrator or any of their respective representatives, agents or experts acting on its behalf (each, 
an "Enforcing Party"), the Cash Collateral Provider shall: 
(a) 
execute any document, take whatever action and do all such things required in order to perfect, or any 
other action that the Enforcing Party deems necessary for the purpose of perfecting, the Issuer's rights 
hereunder; and 
(b) 
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall have been 
appointed as Substitute Administrator in replacement of the Administrator to take over its duties in such 
capacity.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Conditions of enforcement 
Enforcement requires no other formality whatsoever (including the necessity to obtain a court order or conduct an 
auction), any notification requirements (to the Borrower, the Cash Collateral Provider or any other person) nor any 
other procedures. 
No right of the Issuer to enforce its rights under the Cash Collateral Agreement shall be in any manner affected or 
limited by any Insolvency Event with respect to the Cash Collateral Provider or the Borrower.  
Release without discharge 
In respect of each Cash Collateral funded pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Cash 
Collateral Provider shall have the right to request from the Issuer the release of such Cash Collateral under the 
following circumstances (each, a "Release Without Discharge Event"): 
(a) 
if, on a given date, the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, 
the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account or the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account 
exceeds the amount that must be funded in each such accounts pursuant to the relevant terms hereof; 
(b) 
while such Cash Collateral has been funded upon a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the 
Borrower regains the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels;  
(c) 
while any additional Cash Collateral, agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the Cash 
Collateral Provider, has been funded upon the occurrence of certain rating trigger events, the Borrower 
regains the corresponding rating required levels; 
(d) 
with respect to any Cash Collateral funded into the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account, in the event 
that the commitment of CAMCA under the Home Loan Guarantees granted by CAMCA and 
guaranteeing the repayment of Home Loan Receivables transferred as Collateral Security is fully 
guaranteed, insured or reinsured or otherwise protected by an Eligible CAMCA Guarantor or a CAMCA 
Enhancement or a substitution contemplated in the Cash Collateral Agreement have been implemented, 
provided that in all cases an amount equal to the Legal Liquidity Reserve remains at any time on the 
credit of the Cash Collateral Account. 
Upon any release request by the Cash Collateral Provider following the occurrence of a Release Without Discharge 
Event, the Issuer shall release the relevant Cash Collateral and repay to the Cash Collateral Provider up to the 
relevant amount. Any release and repayment made as mentioned above shall not deemed a discharge of the Cash 
Collateral Provider with respect to its obligations to fund further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Collateral Agreement. 
Final release and discharge 
The Issuer shall, at the request and cost of the Cash Collateral Provider, give final release with respect to all Cash 
Collateral, cancel the security created under the Cash Collateral Agreement and discharge the Cash Collateral 
Provider from all its obligations to fund any further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral 
Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following events all sums due under any and all the Tranches and 
Series of Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full and the Secured Liabilities have been entirely and 
definitively discharged in full (independently of any intermediate or partial discharges). 
In connection with the final release and cancellation described above, the Issuer shall do all such acts and things, 
at the cost of the Cash Collateral Provider, as are reasonably requested by the Cash Collateral Provider in order to 
release and cancel the security created under the Cash Collateral Agreement and discharge the Cash Collateral

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Provider from all its obligations to fund any further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral 
Agreement. 
Limited Recourse - Non Petitition - Amendments 
The Cash Collateral Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, as 
described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - 5(g) Program Documents". 
IV. 
THE ISSUER ACCOUNTS AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement pursuant to which the Issuer 
Accounts are opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank. 
Background 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Program Date and amended on or 
about the date of this Base Prospectus as the case may be entered into between Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH, 
as Issuer and Crédit Agricole S.A., as "Issuer Accounts Bank" (the "Issuer Accounts Bank") (the "Issuer 
Accounts Agreement"). 
Purpose 
Under the Issuer Accounts Agreement, Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH, as Issuer, appoints Crédit Agricole S.A. 
as its account bank for the opening and operation of its bank accounts (the "Issuer Accounts"). The Issuer 
Accounts Bank will always act in the best and exclusive interest of Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH. 
Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer Accounts opened in the name of the Issuer in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank include: 
(a) 
the "Issuer Cash Accounts", which include, as of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer General 
Accounts (denominated in Euro, in Swiss franc (CHF), the Cash Collateral Account (denominated in 
Euro) and the Share Capital Proceeds Account (denominated in Euro); and  
(b) 
the "Issuer Securities Accounts", which are securities accounts (comptes d'instruments financiers) 
opened in relation to each Issuer Cash Account. 
According to the Administrative Agreement: 
(i) 
the Administrator shall open the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan 
Guarantee Reserve Account (and the corresponding securities account), in the name of the Issuer within 
the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank, whenever a Cash Collateral is to be funded by the Cash Collateral 
Provider into any such account in accordance with the Cash Collateral Agreement provided that an 
Issuer Securities Account (compte de titres financiers) is opened in relation to each such Issuer Cash 
Account; and  
(ii) 
upon request of the Issuer, the Administrator may, (i) to the extent permitted by the SFH Legal 
Framework, open any of the Issuer Cash Accounts and Issuer Securities Accounts with the books of any 
central bank in lieu of those of the Issuer Accounts Bank or (ii) open any new bank account (and the 
corresponding securities account) in the name of the Issuer and in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank 
or any central bank, which may be necessary or advisable for the performance by the Issuer of its rights

--- Page 150 ---
150 
and obligations under any Program Document, and notably in case of issuance of Covered Bonds 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro; and  
(iii) 
upon the occurrence of an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event in relation to the Issuer Accounts 
Bank in the books of which any Issuer Cash Accounts, any Issuer Securities Accounts or any other bank 
account has been opened in the name of the Issuer, the Administrator shall open in the books of a new 
financial institution having the required ratings as an Eligible Bank new bank accounts in the name of 
the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
For the purpose of paragraph (iii) above, "Eligible Bank" means an account bank which has the following ratings: 
(x) 
the short-term ICR is equal or above A-1 by S&P; and 
(y) 
the short-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal 
 
or above P-1 by Moody's or the long term senior debt obligations which are not non preferred 
 
debt is equal or above A2 by Moody’s; and 
(z) 
the Deposit Rating, and if no such rating is assigned, the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
 
is equal or above A (long term) or the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) is equal or above 
 
F1 (short-term) by Fitch. 
Funds Allocation 
Each of the Issuer Bank Accounts shall be exclusively dedicated to the operation of the Issuer. 
All sums standing to the credit balance of the Issuer Cash Accounts (save for the Share Capital Proceeds Account) 
shall be invested in Permitted Investments by the Administrator (see section entitled "THE MAIN PROGRAM 
DOCUMENTS – The Administrative Agreement"). 
Operation 
The Issuer Cash Accounts shall not be operated by the Issuer Accounts Bank otherwise than in accordance with 
the provisions of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and the Administrative Agreement and, in particular, the Issuer 
Accounts Bank shall be entitled to refuse to, without being liable for any such refusal: 
(a) 
deliver credit cards or other means of payment with respect to the Issuer Cash Accounts or make any 
transfer from any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of the Administrator other than by bank 
transfer or any such other means as is agreed with the Issuer; 
(b) 
debit any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of any person other than the Issuer or the 
Administrator; 
(c) 
debit any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of the Administrator, if the Issuer Accounts 
Bank is aware that such instructions may cause a debit balance of the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts (in 
which case the Issuer Accounts Bank will promptly inform the Administrator and the Issuer and 
postpone the performance of the relevant instructions until it has received the relevant renewed written 
instructions of the same); or 
(d) 
implement any instruction from the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) in connection with 
the Issuer Accounts if it is aware that an implementation of such instruction would constitute a breach 
of any provision of the Issuer Accounts Agreement.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Issuer General Account(s) 
As from the Program Date and on any relevant date thereafter, the Issuer General Account(s) shall be credited or 
debited by the Issuer Accounts Bank, acting upon the instructions of the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its 
behalf), with any and all amounts which are not specified to be credited or debited to any other Issuer Cash 
Accounts (the "Issuer General Account"). 
Cash Collateral Account 
The Cash Collateral Account shall be credited and debited only subject to, and in accordance with, the Cash 
Collateral Agreement as described in "ASSET MONITORING – The Pre-Maturity Test" and "ASSET 
MONITORING – the Legal Liquidity Reserve". 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) will give 
the appropriate instructions in order to ensure that the balance of the Cash Collateral Account be allocated in 
accordance with the applicable Priority Payment Order. 
Share Capital Proceeds Account 
On or prior to the Program Date and upon instruction of the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf), an 
Issuer Cash Account shall be credited with the amount of the Issuer Share Capital (the "Share Capital Proceeds 
Account"). 
The funds standing to the credit of the Share Capital Proceeds Account shall only be invested from time to time in 
Legal Substitution Assets. Such funds and the proceeds from the relevant Legal Substitution Assets shall be 
included in the Issuer's available funds and allocated to the payments due by the Issuer in accordance with the 
applicable Priority Payment Order. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer Accounts Bank has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, 
the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and 
continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer Accounts Bank undertakes to hold harmless and fully and 
effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses (including 
legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a consequence of 
the occurrence of any default by the Issuer Accounts Bank in its performance of any of its obligations under the 
Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Issuer Accounts Bank to the Issuer under the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) will pay to the Issuer Accounts Bank a fee to be 
computed subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Issuer Accounts Agreement.  
The Issuer Accounts Bank will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other amounts that 
might be due by the Issuer under the Issuer Accounts Agreement.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Resignation of Issuer Accounts Bank 
The Issuer Accounts Bank will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Issuer Accounts Bank 
pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement, except as follows: 
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will no 
longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty (180) days from 
the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Issuer Accounts Bank (with copy to the Administrator),  
Such resignation shall become effective upon replacement of the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Defaults  
Each of the following events shall constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default (an "Issuer Accounts Bank's 
Default"): 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Accounts Bank is or proves to have been 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of 
remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Accounts 
Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its 
discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Issuer Accounts Bank fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Accounts Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer Accounts 
Bank has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Accounts Bank; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Accounts Bank to perform or comply with any or all 
of its material obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement or any or all of its material obligations 
under the Issuer Accounts Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default occurs, the Issuer Accounts Bank shall notify the Issuer (or the Administrator) 
of such occurrence promptly after becoming aware of the same.  
Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer Accounts Bank will promptly notify the Issuer 
in writing of the occurrence of such event. Within thirty (30) calendar days of the occurrence of an Issuer Accounts 
Bank Rating Trigger Event: 
(a) 
the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) shall have closed the then existing Issuer Bank 
Accounts and opened new accounts in its name under the terms of a new Issuer Accounts Agreement 
substantially on the same terms as the Issuer Accounts Agreement, with another financial institution 
whose (i) short term ICR is rated at least A-1 by S&P, (ii) short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody's, or long term senior debt obligations 
which are not non preferred debt are rated at least A2 by Moody’s, (iii) short-term issuer default rating

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(IDR) is rated at least F1 by Fitch or the Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned, the long-term 
issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least A by Fitch; or 
(b) 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, the Issuer Accounts Bank has obtained a guarantee of its obligations 
under the Issuer Accounts Agreement on terms acceptable to the Issuer, acting reasonably, from a 
financial institution whose (i) short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations 
are rated at least A-1 by S&P, (ii) short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody's, or long term senior debt obligations which are not non 
preferred debt are rated at least A2 by Moody’s, (iii) short-term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at 
least F1 by Fitch or the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least A by Fitch;  
provided that failure to comply with the provisions of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) above (each, a 
"Remedy to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event") within the relevant thirty (30) calendar 
day-period shall constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event within the meaning of the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement. 
For the purpose of the above, "Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which: 
(i) 
the short-term ICR of the then appointed Issuer Accounts Bank becomes rated below A-1 by S&P, or  
(ii) 
the short-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the then 
appointed Issuer Accounts Bank become rated below P-1 by Moody's and the long term senior debt 
obligations which are not non preferred debt become rated below A2 by Moody’s; or  
(iii) 
the Deposit Rating, and if no such rating is assigned, the long term issuer default rating (IDR) of the 
then Issuer Accounts Bank becomes below A (long term) and the short term issuer default rating (IDR) 
becomes below F1 (short term) by Fitch.  
The same provisions will apply each time an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event occurs in relation to any 
substitute financial institution appointed in replacement of an Issuer Accounts Bank. 
Termination  
"Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Events" under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will include the following 
events: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any Issuer Accounts Bank's Default; 
(b) 
the failure to comply with one or the other remedies to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event 
within the relevant thirty (30) calendar day-period; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, for as long as the Borrower and the Issuer Accounts 
Bank are the same entity.  
If an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Issuer 
Accounts Banks under the Issuer Accounts Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice to the Issuer 
Accounts Bank (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Issuer Accounts Bank of the Notice of 
Termination, the appointment of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will terminate 
with effect not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Issuer Accounts Bank of the 
Notice of Termination or at any other date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of Termination, save 
for any continuing obligations of the Issuer Accounts Bank contained in the Issuer Accounts Agreement.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Upon the resignation of the Issuer Accounts Bank or termination of its appointment as Issuer Accounts Bank 
hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer shall replace Crédit Agricole 
S.A., as Issuer Accounts Bank, at the costs of Crédit Agricole S.A., by any legal entity (the "Substitute Issuer 
Accounts Bank"), the choice of which being subject to prior Rating Affirmation. Upon its appointment and unless 
otherwise agreed with the Issuer (but subject to prior Rating Affirmation), the Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank 
shall: 
(a) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary advice and assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, 
including in connection with the opening, maintaining and operation of the Issuer Accounts and the 
Program Documents and, in particular, as described under the Issuer Accounts Agreement; 
(b) 
together with the Issuer Accounts Bank, take all steps necessary to replace the Issuer Accounts Bank in 
all rights and obligations arisen from the Program Documents to which the Issuer Accounts Bank is a 
party and, for such purposes, become a party, as Issuer Accounts Bank, to any relevant Program 
Documents to which the Issuer Accounts Bank is a party; 
Notwithstanding its resignation or the termination of its appointment as Issuer Accounts Bank in accordance with 
the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and notwithstanding any other provision of the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement, the duties of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts Agreement shall continue and the 
Issuer Accounts Bank shall continue to be bound by all its obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement until 
the earlier of (i) its replacement as Issuer Accounts Bank, or (ii) the termination of the Issuer Accounts Bank 
Agreement in accordance with its terms (the "Service Termination Date"). 
Term and Termination of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement 
The Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement shall remain in effect for an initial period of ten (10) years and shall be 
automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a party thereto notifies to the others its intention to 
terminate the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period or the 
additional periods, as the case may be, in which case the Issuer Accounts Agreement shall terminate at the end of 
such three-month period. 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement, the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement 
shall terminate: 
(a) 
on its term as defined above; 
(b) 
if earlier than its term as defined above, if the Issuer and any Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank replacing 
(i) CASA as Issuer Accounts Bank or (ii) a previous Issuer Accounts Bank having replaced CASA as 
Issuer Accounts Bank agree in writing to cease to be bound by the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement 
and execute another agreement for the performance of the services contemplated by the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its term as defined above and upon failure to replace the Issuer Accounts Bank (i) the last 
day of the sixty (60) Business Days period starting on the date of resignation of the Issuer Accounts 
Bank, or (ii) the last day of the forty (40) Business Days period starting on the date a Notice of 
Termination is delivered to the Issuer Accounts Bank.  
The termination of the Issuer Accounts Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the termination of the 
appointment of CASA as Issuer Accounts Bank thereunder on the relevant termination date of the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Limited Recourse - Non Petitition - Amendments 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, as 
described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - 5(g) Program Documents". 
V. 
THE CALCULATION SERVICES AGREEMENT  
This section sets out the main material terms of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Background 
The "Calculation Services Agreement" refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Program Date and 
amended on or about the date of this Base Prospectus as the case may be and entered into between (i) Crédit 
Agricole Home Loan SFH, in its capacity as "Lender" and (ii) Crédit Agricole S.A., in its capacity as "Issuer 
Calculation Agent" (the "Issuer Calculation Agent"). 
Purpose 
Under the Calculation Services Agreement, Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH, as Issuer, appoints Crédit Agricole 
S.A. as its servicer for the purposes of any calculation and determinations to be made under the Program 
Documents (but excluding all calculation and determinations to be made with respect to the Series of Covered 
Bonds, such calculation and determinations to be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under the 
Issuer Agency Agreement). The Issuer Calculation Agent will always act in the best and exclusive interest of Crédit 
Agricole Home Loan SFH. 
Duties of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation Agent will inter alia undertake to do:  
(a) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Borrower Facility Agreement, including, but not limited to, any 
interest and principal amounts and the effective global rate (taux effectif global); 
(b) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Collateral Security Agreement, including, but not limited to, 
the Asset Cover Test (see section entitled "ASSET MONITORING"); 
(c) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Cash Collateral Agreement, including, but not limited to, the 
Pre-Maturity Test and the Legal Liquidity Reserve and make the other calculations provided for in the 
Cash Collateral Agreement with respect to the funding of the Collection Loss and Interest Reserve 
Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account (see section entitled "ASSET 
MONITORING"); 
(d) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Amortisation Test (see section entitled "ASSET 
MONITORING"). 
Substitution and Agency 
The Issuer Calculation Agent may not assign its rights and obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement 
but will have the right to be assisted by, to appoint or to substitute for itself any third party in the performance of 
certain or all its tasks under the Calculation Services Agreement provided that:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(a) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those tasks and, 
with respect to the Issuer only, the relevant third party has expressly waived any right to any contractual 
claim against the Issuer; and  
(b) 
the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Issuer 
Calculation Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Issuer Calculation Agent to the Issuer under the Calculation 
Services Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the Issuer Calculation Agent a servicing fee computed subject to, and 
in accordance with, the provisions of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Issuer Calculation Agent will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other amounts that 
might be due to it by the Issuer under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer Calculation Agent has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the 
Issuer, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Calculation Services Agreement 
and continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation Agent undertakes to hold harmless and 
fully and effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses 
(including legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a 
consequence of the occurrence of any default by the Issuer Calculation Agent in its performance of any of its 
obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
The Issuer Calculation Agent will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Issuer Calculation 
Agent pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, except:  
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Calculation Services Agreement will 
no longer be permissible under applicable law, such determination to be evidence by the delivery to the 
Issuer of an external counsel’s opinion to such effect; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the Calculation 
Services Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty days (180) from 
the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults 
"Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults" will occur upon the occurrence of the following events: 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Calculation Agent is or proves to have been 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of 
remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer 
Calculation Agent or (if sooner) the Issuer Calculation Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that 
the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant 
Covered Bonds;

--- Page 157 ---
157 
(b) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Calculation 
Services Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business 
Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Calculation Agent or (if sooner) the Issuer 
Calculation Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it 
is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
to the extent permitted by law, an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Calculation Agent; 
or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Calculation Agent to perform or comply with any or 
all of its material obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement or any or all of its material 
obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding 
(an "Illegality"). 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent's Default has occurred, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
occurrence promptly after becoming aware of it. 
Term and Termination of the Calculation Services Agreement 
The Calculation Services Agreement shall remain in effect for an initial period of ten (10) years and shall be 
automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a (i) party thereto notifies to the others its intention 
to terminate the Calculation Services Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period or the 
additional periods, as the case may be, in which case the Calculation Services Agreement shall terminate at the 
end of such three-month period or (ii) the Calculation Services Agreement is early terminated upon the occurrence 
of an Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Events or upon voluntary termination by the Issuer in accordance with 
the provisions below. 
"Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Events" under the Calculation Services Agreement means the 
occurrence of any Issuer Calculation Agent's Default. 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Issuer 
Calculation Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice to the 
Issuer Calculation Agent (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Issuer Calculation Agent of the 
Notice of Termination, the appointment of the Issuer Calculation Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement 
will terminate with effect:  
(a) 
not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Issuer Calculation Agent of the 
Notice of Termination, if such Notice of Termination is served due to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Calculation Agent's Default other than an Illegality; or 
(b) 
at any other date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of Termination, if such Notice of 
Termination is served due to any other reason; 
and save for any continuing obligations of the Issuer Calculation Agent contained in the Calculation Services 
Agreement. 
In addition, the Issuer may also terminate the appointment of the Issuer Calculation Agent at any time by sending 
a Notice of Termination given by the Issuer to the Issuer Calculation Agent, being specified that, in this case, the 
appointment of the Issuer Calculation Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement shall terminate with effect 
at any date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of Termination. 
Upon the resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent or termination of its appointment as Issuer Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the terms of the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer shall replace Crédit Agricole S.A.,

--- Page 158 ---
158 
as Issuer Calculation Agent, by any legal entity (the "Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent"), the choice of which 
being subject to prior Rating Affirmation. Upon its appointment and unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer (but 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation), the Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, as described 
under this Calculation Services Agreement; 
(b) 
together with the Issuer Calculation Agent, take all steps necessary to replace the Issuer Calculation 
Agent in all rights and obligations arisen from the Program Documents to which the Issuer Calculation 
Agent is a party and, for such purposes, become a party, as Issuer Calculation Agent, to any relevant 
Program Documents to which the Issuer Calculation Agent is a party; 
Notwithstanding its resignation or the termination of its appointment in accordance with the terms of the 
Calculation Services Agreement and notwithstanding any other provision of the Calculation Services Agreement, 
the duties of the Calculation Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement shall continue and the Issuer 
Calculation Agent shall continue to be bound by all its obligations hereunder until the earlier of (i) its replacement 
as Issuer Calculation Agent and (ii) the termination of the Calculation Services Agreement in accordance with its 
terms (the "Service Termination Date"). 
Limited Recourse - Non Petitition - Amendments 
The Calculation Services Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, 
as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - 5(g) Program Documents". 
VI. 
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Administrative Agreement as of this Base Prospectus. 
Background 
The "Administrative Agreement" refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Program Date and amended on 
or about the date of this Base Prospectus as the case may be and entered into between Crédit Agricole Home Loan 
SFH, as Issuer and Crédit Agricole S.A., as "Administrator" (the "Administrator"). 
Purpose 
Under the Administrative Agreement, Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH, as Issuer, appoints Crédit Agricole S.A. 
as its servicer for the rendering of administrative services to the Issuer (including all necessary advice, assistance 
and know-how, whether technical or not, day to day management and corporate administration services). The 
Administrator will always act in the best and exclusive interest of Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH. 
Administrator's duties 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator will inter alia:  
(a) 
advise and assist the Issuer in all accounting and tax matters; 
(b) 
advise and assist the Issuer in all legal and administrative matters; 
(c) 
ensure that the Issuer will exercise each of its rights and perform each of its obligations under the 
Program Documents;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(d) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, to exercise 
and perform all of its rights and obligations under the Program Documents; 
(e) 
assist the Issuer in opening and operating its bank accounts, the management and investment of its 
available cash in Permitted Investments in accordance with the relevant Permitted Investments rules or, 
as applicable, in Legal Substitution Assets in accordance with the SFH Legal Framework and the 
Program Documents, and any other matters in relation to the management of its bank accounts and funds 
so as to ensure that the Issuer will at all times comply with the provisions of the Program Documents 
and the SFH Legal Framework; 
(f) 
act as custodian of any and all other documents that any corporate company similar to the Issuer shall 
keep on file under any applicable laws, until the Service Termination Date (as defined below); 
(g) 
perform the management and servicing of the Borrower Advances made available to the Borrower under 
the Borrower Facility Agreement. 
(h) 
upon a Borrower Enforcement Notice being served under the Borrower Facility Agreement, assist the 
Issuer within the enforcement process of the Collateral Security; 
(i) 
upon enforcement of the Collateral Security following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, 
cause the Collateral Providers Agent and the Collateral Providers to comply with their other obligations 
related to the enforcement of the Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement;  
(j) 
upon enforcement of the Collateral Security following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, 
monitor the servicing of the relevant Home Loan Receivables by the Collateral Providers or if the 
servicing of such assets is transferred to a substitute servicer (in accordance with the provisions of the 
Collateral Security Agreement) procure that the servicing of such assets shall be performed by such 
substitute servicer pursuant to a servicing agreement to be entered into by the Issuer and such substitute 
servicer in accordance with Articles L. 513-15 and R. 513-14 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code and the CRBF Regulation, and promptly notify the debtors for the direct payment to the Issuer of 
the amounts due under the relevant Home Loan Receivables; and 
(k) 
perform the management and servicing of the Covered Bonds and of the other resources of the Issuer 
mentioned in Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and in particular, assist the 
Issuer to enter into any credit transactions with the Banque de France in accordance with the monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem for the purpose of covering any liquidity 
needs in accordance with the SFH Legal Framework, including by using all or part of the Company’s 
assets or Covered Bonds as collateral for that purpose and more generally, assist the Issuer to enter into 
any other temporary collateralised funding tools allowed by the SFH Legal Framework when 
appropriate.  
For the purpose of investment by the Administrator of the Issuer's available cash (save for the credit balance of the 
Share Capital Proceeds Account) in Permitted Investments as mentioned in paragraph (e) above, "Permitted 
Investments" shall mean: 
(a) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and short 
term debt obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments have a 
remaining maturity date of thirty (30) days or less and the short term or, as applicable, long term 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or 
the entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least A-1 (short term) or A+ 
(long term) (ICR) by S&P, A (long term) (for Deposit Rating or if no such rating is assigned or 
applicable, long term IDR) or F1 (short term) (for short term IDR) by Fitch and A2 (long term)(for a 
senior unsecured debt which is not a non-preferred senior debt) or P-1 (short term) by Moody's;

--- Page 160 ---
160 
(b) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and debt 
obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments have a remaining 
maturity date of three hundred sixty-four (364) days or less, and the short term or, as applicable, long 
term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity 
or the entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least A-1+ (short term) or 
AA- (long term) (ICR) by S&P, AA- (long term) (for Deposit Rating or if no such rating is assigned or 
applicable, long term IDR) or F1+ (short term)(for short term IDR) by Fitch and A2 (for a senior 
unsecured debt which is not a non-preferred senior debt) or P-1 (short term) by Moody's;  
(c) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit of any 
remaining maturity date (including more than three hundred sixty-four (364) days) and the long term 
unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or 
the entity with which the demand or time deposits are made are rated at least AAA by S&P, AAA by 
Fitch and Aaa by Moody's; and 
(d) 
deposits of cash on accounts opened within the books of the Banque de France, provided that it complies 
with the above remaining maturities and minimum ratings requirements as set out above in items (a) to 
(c), 
provided that, at all times, up to the outstanding amount of available Permitted Investments, the amount 
due on each following Payment Date falling within the next nine (9) months under the outstanding Series 
(it being specified that for Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, only principal amount due on the Extended Final 
Maturity Date shall be taken into account) is fully covered by Permitted Investment referred to in (a) to 
(d) above maturing on or before such following Payment Date. 
Substitution and Agency 
The Administrator may not assign its rights and obligations under the Administrative Agreement but will have the 
right to be assisted by, to appoint or to substitute for itself any third party in the performance of certain or all its 
tasks under the Administrative Agreement provided that: 
(a) 
the Administrator has given written notice of the exercise of that right to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Administrator remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those tasks and, with respect 
to the Issuer only, the relevant third party has expressly waived any right to any contractual claim against 
the Issuer; and  
(c) 
the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Administrator 
under the Administrative Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Administrator to the Issuer under the Administrative Agreement, 
the Issuer will pay to the Administrator an administration fee computed subject to, and in accordance with, the 
provisions of the Administrative Agreement.  
The Administrator will benefit from the Privilège for the payment of that portion of its fees or the other amounts 
that might be owed to it by the Issuer under the Administrative Agreement which corresponds to the management 
and servicing of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Administrator has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Administrative Agreement and continuing 
until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator undertakes to hold harmless and fully and effectively 
indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses (including legal fees), 
claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a consequence of the occurrence 
of any default by the Administrator in its performance of any of its obligations under the Administrative 
Agreement. 
Resignation of the Administrator 
The Administrator will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Administrator pursuant to the 
Administrative Agreement, except:  
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Administrative Agreement will no 
longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the 
Administrative Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty (180) days 
from the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Administrator,  
Such resignation shall however be effective upon replacement of the Administrator. 
Administrator Defaults 
Each of the following events shall constitute an Administrator Default: 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Administrator is or proves to have been incorrect 
or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) 
within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Administrator or (if 
sooner) the Administrator has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies 
that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Administrator fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Administrative 
Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Administrator or (if sooner) the Administrator has 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
to the extent permitted by law, an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Administrator; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Administrator to perform or comply with any or all of its 
material obligations under the Administrative Agreement or any or all of its material obligations under 
the Administrative Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding (as an "Illegality").

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Term and Termination of the Administrative Agreement 
The Administrative Agreement shall remain in effect for an initial period of ten (10) years and shall be 
automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless (i) a party thereto notifies to the others its intention 
to terminate the Administrative Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period or the additional 
periods, as the case may be, in which case the Administrative Agreement shall terminate at the end of such three-
month period or (ii) the Administrative Agreement is early terminated upon the occurrence of an Administrator 
Termination Event or upon voluntary termination by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions below. 
"Administrator Termination Events" under the Administrative Agreement will include the following events: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any Administrator Default; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
If an Administrator Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Administrator 
under the Administrative Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice to the Administrator (the "Notice 
of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Administrator of the Notice of Termination, the appointment of the 
Administrator under the Administrative Agreement will terminate with effect: 
(i) 
not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Administrator of the Notice of 
Termination, if such Notice of Termination is served due to the occurrence of a Borrower Event of 
Default or an Administrator Default other than an Illegality; 
(ii) 
at any other date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of Termination, if such Notice of 
Termination is served due to any other reason, 
and save for any continuing obligations of the Administrator contained in the Administrative Agreement. 
In addition, the Issuer may also terminate the appointment of the Administrator at any time by sending a Notice of 
Termination given by the Issuer to the Administrator, being specified that, in this case, the appointment of the 
Administrator under the Administrative Agreement shall terminate with effect at any date that the Issuer may have 
specified in the Notice of Termination. 
Upon the resignation of the Administrator, or termination of its appointment as Administrator in accordance with 
the terms of the Administrative Agreement, the Issuer shall replace CASA, as Administrator, by any legal entity, 
which is a credit institution (établissement de crédit) or a financing company (société de financement) within the 
meaning of Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Substitute Administrator"), the 
choice of which being subject to prior Rating Affirmation. 
Notwithstanding the resignation of the Administrator or the termination of its appointment as Administrator, the 
Administrator will continue to be bound by all its obligations under the Administrative Agreement until the earlier 
of (i) its replacement as Administrator in accordance with the Administrative Agreement, or (ii) the termination of 
the Administrative Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof (the "Service Termination Date"). The 
Administrator undertakes to act in good faith to assist any Substitute Administrator. 
The Administrative Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, as 
described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds - 5(g) Program Documents". 
VI. 
THE HEDGING AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of any Hedging Agreement as of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Background 
The "Issuer Hedging Agreements" refers to the agreement(s) dated on or prior to the Program Date and amended 
on or about the date of this Base Prospectus as the case may be and entered into between Crédit Agricole Home 
Loan SFH, as Issuer and a hedging counterparty. The Issuer Hedging Agreements may provide that in the event 
that the relevant ratings of the hedging counterparty(ies) (or its respective guarantor, as applicable) (the "Hedging 
Provider") is or are downgraded by a Rating Agency below the required ratings specified in the relevant Issuer 
Hedging Agreement then applicable, the relevant Hedging Provider will be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include one (1) or more of the followings: (i) providing collateral for its obligations under 
the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement and hedging transactions; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the 
relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement and hedging transactions to be transferred to a replacement hedging provider 
with the ratings determined in accordance with the methodologies published by a Rating Agencies (as specified in 
the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement); (iii) procuring another entity with the relevant Rating Agency ratings 
specified in the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement to become co obligor of its obligations under the relevant 
Issuer Hedging Agreement and hedging transactions; and/or (iv) taking such other actions as the relevant Hedging 
Provider may determine and notify to the relevant Rating Agency. 
As long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred, the Issuer will also enter into swap agreements with the 
Borrower mirroring any such Issuer Hedging Agreement (each a "Borrower Hedging Agreement") which shall 
terminate upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, both the 
Issuer Hedging Agreement and the Borrower Hedging Agreement shall benefit from the Privilège set out in Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. In case of termination of any Issuer Hedging Agreement 
entered into by the Issuer, the Issuer may be liable to pay an hedging termination amount to the counterparty in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement. Such hedging termination amount, when 
to be paid by the Issuer and provided that the amount has not been reduced to zero (0) in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement, shall be pari passu to payments under the Covered Bonds or 
subordinated to payments under the Covered Bonds if the termination amount qualifies as Hedging Subordinated 
Termination Costs, as described in section "Cash Flows - Priority Payment Orders".

--- Page 164 ---
164 
ASSET MONITORING  
 
Under the Collateral Security Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred and been 
enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Collateral 
Providers Agent and the Collateral Providers shall monitor the Collateral Security Assets so as to ensure 
compliance with an asset cover test (the "Asset Cover Test"). 
Under the Cash Collateral Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred and been 
enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower, 
as Cash Collateral Provider, shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount determined in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Under Condition 5(e) and following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall ensure compliance with an 
amortisation test (the "Amortisation Test").  
The Asset Cover Ratio is monthly published in the investor report on the Issuer website: https://www.credit-
agricole.com/finance/finance/dette/emissions-marche/ca-home-loan-sfh-covered-bonds. 
 
I. 
THE ASSET COVER TEST 
The following terms shall have the following definitions: 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means: 
(a) 
in the event of a Selection Date, such Selection Date; 
(b) 
in the event of the issuance of a Series or a Tranche of Covered Bonds, such issuance date; or 
(c) 
otherwise, a day which must fall between the fifteenth (15th) Business Day and the last Business Day 
(both included) of each calendar month; 
The first Asset Cover Test Date shall be the date of the first issue of Covered Bonds by the Issuer under the 
Program. 
"Asset Cover Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Asset Cover Test Date, each period starting on, 
and including, the immediately preceding Asset Cover Test Date, and ending on, and excluding such Asset Cover 
Test Date. 
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test requires compliance with the asset cover ratio R specified below (the "Asset 
Cover Ratio"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from time to time subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement and the Calculation Services Agreement. 
The Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
"R" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one (1) at each Asset Cover Test Date: 
 




=
Amount
Principal
g
Outstandin
Bond
Covered
Aggregate
(AAAA)
Amount
Asset
Aggregate
Adjusted
R

--- Page 165 ---
165 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount (ACBOPA)" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date, 
the aggregate amount of principal (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a 
Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds.  
"Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date:  
(AAAA) = A + B + D – (Y + Z) 
whereby: 
"A" means the lower of "A1" and "A2".  
"A1" is equal to (i) the sum of all Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant Home 
Loans, excluding as the case may be the Relevant Home Loans which have been actually granted by the Issuer as 
collateral to credit transactions with the Banque de France in accordance with the provisions of the monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem, plus (ii) as the case may be, the amount drawable 
by the Issuer under the available facility granted by the Banque de France in consideration to any such Relevant 
Home Loans granted by the Issuer as collateral in accordance with the provisions of the monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem during the most recently completed Asset Cover Test Calculation 
Period, as such Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts and drawable amount will be calculated on 
the relevant Asset Cover Test Date, whereby:  
"Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home Loan 
transferred as Collateral Security, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Home Loan minus the Applicable 
Deemed Reductions; and 
(ii) 
the LTV Cut-Off Percentage of the Indexed Valuation relating to such Relevant Home Loan minus the 
Applicable Deemed Reductions; 
"Applicable Deemed Reductions" means, with respect to any Relevant Home Loan, the aggregate sum of the 
financial losses incurred by the Collateral Providers with respect to such Relevant Home Loan to the extent that 
such financial losses have been incurred as a direct result of a material breach of the Servicing Procedures by the 
relevant Collateral Providers during the applicable Asset Cover Test Calculation Period (see section entitled "THE 
MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS – The Collateral Security Agreement – Asset Servicing" for a description 
of the Servicing Procedures).  
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home Loan, the amount of 
principal outstanding at the relevant Asset Cover Test Date under such Relevant Home Loan (in Euro or Euro 
equivalent with respect to Home Loans denominated in a Specified Currency). 
"Index" means the index of increases of house prices issued by PERVAL (an entity run by the French notary 
publics) in relation to residential properties in France. 
"Indexed Valuation" means at any date in relation to any Relevant Home Loan secured over any property: 
(i) 
where the Original Market Value of that property is equal to or greater than the Price Indexed Valuation 
as at that date, the Price Indexed Valuation; or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
(ii) 
where the Original Market Value of that property is less than the Price Indexed Valuation as at that 
date, the Original Market Value plus eighty per cent. (80%) of the difference between the Price Indexed 
Valuation and the Original Market Value.  
"LTV Cut-Off Percentage" means:  
(i) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Mortgage; 
(ii) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Home Loan Guarantee issued by 
Crédit Logement or by CAMCA provided that, upon the occurrence of a Level 2 Trigger Event, and 
within ninety (90) days from the occurrence of such Level 2 Trigger Event, and provided that neither a 
CAMCA Enhancement nor a CAMCA Credit Support has been implemented at such time under the 
form determined in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agencies, any Home 
Loan Receivable (x) transferred as Collateral Security and guaranteed by Home Loan Guarantees 
granted by CAMCA, and (y) which is not secured by a mortgage or similar legal privileges (hypothèque 
or privilège de prêteur de deniers) shall account for zero; 
(iii) 
a percentage which will be determined in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating 
Agencies from time to time for each Relevant Home Loan that has the benefit of an insurance policy 
with an acceptable insurer or guarantee with an acceptable financial institution, insuring the credit risk 
under such Relevant Home Loan; and 
(iv) 
a percentage which will be determined in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating 
Agencies from time to time for each Relevant Home Loan not mentioned under (i) to (iii) above.  
"Original Market Value" in relation to any property means the purchase price of such property or (as applicable) 
the most recent valuation of such property, as disclosed to the relevant Collateral Provider by the relevant debtor 
under the related Relevant Home Loan. 
"Price Indexed Valuation" in relation to any property at any date means the Original Market Value of that 
property increased or decreased as appropriate by the increase or decrease in the Index since the date relevant for 
the Original Market Value. 
"Relevant Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Asset Cover Test Date, any Home Loan from which Home 
Loan Receivables have been transferred as Collateral Security, excluding Home Loans which do not comply any 
more with the applicable Home Loan Eligibility Criteria. 
"A2" is equal to (i) the sum of all unadjusted "Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" of all Relevant Home 
Loans, excluding as the case may be the Relevant Home Loans which have been actually granted by the Issuer as 
collateral to credit transactions with the Banque de France in accordance with the provisions of the monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem, minus the Applicable Deemed Reductions of all 
such Relevant Home Loans (as defined above) multiplied by the applicable Asset Percentage, plus (ii) as the case 
may be, the amount drawable by the Issuer under the available facility granted by the Banque de France in 
consideration to any such Relevant Home Loans granted by the Issuer as collateral in accordance with the 
provisions of the monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem during the most recently 
completed Asset Cover Test Calculation Period, as such above amounts will be calculated on the relevant Asset 
Cover Test Date, whereby: 
"Asset Percentage" means (i) ninety two point five per cent. (92.5%) or (ii) such percentage figure as is determined 
on a quarterly basis (subject to below) by the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant terms of the 
Collateral Security Agreement.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
For the purpose of the calculation of the Asset Percentage referred to in (ii) above, the Issuer Calculation Agent 
will calculate, on a quarterly basis (subject to below), the WARR, the WAFF, and the WALS (and/or such figures 
calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent in accordance with any relevant alternative methodologies published 
by S&P and Fitch) for all Relevant Home Loans or for a random sample of the same. The WARR, WAFF and 
WALS (or other relevant figures) so calculated will be incorporated by the Issuer Calculation Agent into one (1) 
or more cash flow models designed by the Issuer Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodologies 
published by S&P and Fitch. Such models, which test the credit enhancement required in various cash flow 
scenarios, will indicate, on the basis of the latest WARR, WAFF and WALS figures (or other relevant figures), the 
Asset Percentage needed in order to provide credit enhancement to cover all such cash flow scenarios. Save where 
otherwise determined in accordance with the methodologies published by S&P and Fitch, the Asset Percentage 
will be adjusted in accordance with the various methodologies published by S&P and Fitch provided that the Asset 
Percentage may not, at any time, exceed ninety two point five per cent. (92.5%). 
If, on an Asset Cover Test Date, ninety five per cent. (95%) or more of the Home Loan Receivables transferred as 
Collateral Security on such date are other Home Loan Receivables than the Home Loan Receivables transferred 
as Collateral Security on the immediately preceding Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Percentage shall as from 
such date be calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent on a monthly basis. 
"B" is equal to the aggregate amount of cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, as reported by 
the Collateral Providers Agent in the relevant Asset Report. 
"D" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Permitted Investments, as determined by the Issuer 
Accounts Bank (or the Administrator on its behalf) and reported to the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Issuer Accounts Agreement. Permitted Investments will be valued on the last Business Day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their mark-to-market value at a 
discount based on a methodology published by the Rating Agencies. 
"Y" is equal to (i) zero if no Issuer Hedging Agreement was entered into by the Issuer and (ii) otherwise, an amount 
equal to the payments due under the Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) (plus interest thereon) within the period of α 
plus two (2) months preceding the relevant Asset Cover Test Date where α means the period between two (2) 
interest payment dates (first day of such period included and last day of such period excluded) under the Issuer 
Hedging Agreement(s).  
"Z" is equal to: WAM *Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount *Carrying Cost, whereby: 
"WAM"means the greater of (i) the weighted average maturity of Series of Covered Bonds outstanding as at the 
relevant Asset Cover Test Date, and (ii) one (1) year. 
"Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date, the aggregate amount of 
principal (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency) 
outstanding at such date under all Series of Covered Bonds.  
"Carrying Cost" means zero point five percent (0.5%) or any other greater percentage agreed between the 
Collateral Providers Agent and the Collateral Providers, subject to prior Rating Affirmation. 
Calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
On each Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Ratio (R) shall be calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent 
according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Asset Cover Test Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer, the Administrator, the Borrower and the Collateral Providers Agent (with a copy to the Rating 
Agencies and to the Specific Controller) of its calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio (R).

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test 
Non compliance with the Asset Cover Test (the "Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test") would result from 
the Asset Cover Test Ratio (R) being strictly less than one (1). 
Remedies 
Upon Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Collateral Providers Agent shall: 
(i) 
cause the Collateral Providers to grant additional Eligible Assets as Collateral Security pursuant to the 
relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement, on each Selection Date prior to the next following 
Asset Cover Test Date; and/or 
(ii) 
cause the Collateral Providers to release Collateral Security Assets from the Collateral Security 
pursuant to the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement, on each Selection Date prior to 
the next following Asset Cover Test Date; 
in each case, as necessary to cure such Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test. 
A Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test does not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Borrower Event of Default. However, it will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series as long as it remains 
unremedied, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 19. 
Breach of Asset Cover Test 
The failure by the Collateral Providers Agent, acting in the name and on behalf of the Collateral Providers, to cure, 
prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date, a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test which has occurred 
on any Asset Cover Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" within the meaning of the Collateral 
Security Agreement. The Issuer Calculation Agent will inform promptly the Issuer, the Administrator, the 
Borrower and the Collateral Providers Agent (with a copy to the Rating Agencies, and the Specific Controller) of 
its calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
A Breach of Asset Cover Test will not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but will prevent the 
Issuer from issuing any further Series, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
II. 
THE MINIMUM LEGAL OVERCOLLATERALISATION RATIO 
In accordance with the French SFH Legal Framework on the date hereof, and in particular pursuant to Articles 
L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the sociétés de financement de l'habitat (SFH) 
such as the Issuer must at all times maintain an Overcollateralisation Ratio equal to a Minimum Legal 
Overcollateralisation Ratio (see section entitled "SUMMARY OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK"). As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, this minimum overcollateralisation ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework 
is of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%). 
Non-compliance by the Issuer with the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio shall constitute a "Breach of 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio". The Specific Controller is legally responsible for notifying 
promptly the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of the occurrence of a Breach of 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio. Upon such notification, the Issuer shall then notify the Borrower and 
the Collateral Providers Agent, the Rating Agencies, and the Issuer Calculation Agent of the same.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
A Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event 
of Default or an Issuer Event of Default. However, it constitutes a breach of its legal obligations that may trigger 
the application of disciplinary measures by the supervisory banking authority. 
III. 
THE PRE-MATURITY TEST  
Downgrading below the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels  
The contractual liquidity test of the Issuer (the "Pre-Maturity Test") shall be deemed complied with for so long 
as, in relation to any and each Series of Covered Bonds, (i) no Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has occurred 
during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, or (ii) if, to the contrary, a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has 
occurred during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, the Cash Collateral Provider has duly funded the Cash Collateral 
Account with the relevant Cash Collateral, up to the relevant amount within fourteen (14) calendar days from the 
receipt of the relevant Cash Collateral Funding Notice. The Cash Collateral Account will only be partially or fully 
released in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement as further described in the Section 
entitled "THE MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS - The Cash Collateral Agreement - Release without 
discharge". 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall be requested to fund the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant Cash 
Collateral, up to the relevant Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount, upon the occurrence of the downgrading, 
during any Pre-Maturity Test Period (as defined below), of the then applicable ratings of the Borrower below at 
least one (1) of the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels (as defined below) (each, a "Pre-Maturity Rating 
Downgrade Event"). The occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event does not constitute the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default or an Issuer Event of Default. 
The following credit ratings with respect to the Borrower are defined as the "Pre-Maturity Rating Required 
Levels" for the purposes of this Agreement: A-1 (short-term ICR) (S&P), F1 (short-term IDR) or A (long term 
IDR) (Fitch) and P-1 (short-term) (Moody's). 
Upon the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall inform the 
Cash Collateral Provider of the same within three (3) Business Days from such occurrence by written notice (the 
"Cash Collateral Funding Notice") delivered to the Cash Collateral Provider (with a copy to the Issuer, the 
Administrator and the Rating Agencies). 
Remedies 
If a Cash Collateral Funding Notice is received by the Cash Collateral Provider, the Cash Collateral Provider shall 
fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount (the "Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount (CCRFA)") 
calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent as being equal to the Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount in 
relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Whereby:  
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount" means on any date, the aggregate amount of 
principal of Covered Bonds (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in 
a Specified Currency), the Pre-Maturity Test Period of which has started on such date. 
"Pre-Maturity Test Period" means, (i) with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds which is not a 
Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, the period starting from, and including, the two hundred and 
seventieth (270th) calendar day preceding the Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and 
including, such Final Maturity Date and, (ii) with respect to any Series of Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, 
the period starting from, and including, the two hundred and seventieth (270th) calendar day preceding

--- Page 170 ---
170 
the Extended Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and including, such Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
"Soft Bullet Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds containing an Extended Final Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Test  
The failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund into the Cash Collateral Account the relevant CCRFA within 
thirty (30) calendar days from the receipt of a Cash Collateral Funding Notice shall constitute a "Breach of Pre-
Maturity Test". A Breach of Pre-Maturity Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
IV.  
THE AMORTISATION TEST 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms 
of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the Amortisation Test in accordance 
with Condition 5 (e) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds.  
For the purpose of the determination of the Amortisation Ratio, the following terms shall have the following 
definitions: 
"Amortisation Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Amortisation Test Date, each period starting 
on, and including, the immediately preceding Amortisation Test Date, and ending on, and excluding such 
Amortisation Test Date. 
"Amortisation Test Date" means the day, as determined by the Administrator, comprised between the fifteenth 
(15th) Business Day and the last Business Day (both included) of each calendar month, following the enforcement 
of a Borrower Event of Default; 
Compliance with the Amortisation Test requires compliance with the amortisation ratio RA specified below 
(the "Amortisation Ratio (RA)"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from time to time 
throughout the period following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance 
with the Condition 5 (e) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Covered Bonds and the Calculation 
Services Agreement. 
The Amortisation Ratio 
"RA" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one (1) at each Amortisation Test Date: 
 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount (ACBOPA)" means, at any Amortisation Test Date, 
the aggregate amount of principal (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a 
Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds.  
"Transferred Aggregate Asset Amount (TAAA)" means, at any Amortisation Test Date:  
(TAAA) = A' + B + D + E – Z 




= ACBOPA
TAAA
RA

--- Page 171 ---
171 
whereby: 
"A" is equal to the sum of all "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" of all Relevant Transferred 
Home Loan, as such "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" will be calculated on the relevant 
Amortisation Test Date, whereby:  
- 
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Transferred Home 
Loan, the amount of principal outstanding at the relevant Amortisation Test Date under such Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan; 
- 
"Relevant Transferred Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Amortisation Test Date, any Collateral 
Security Asset; and 
- 
"Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan, the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Transferred Home 
Loan (in Euro or Euro equivalent with respect to Home Loans denominated in a Specified Currency) 
multiplied by M, where for all the Relevant Transferred Home Loans that are less than three (3) months in 
arrears, M = 1 and for all the Relevant Transferred Home Loans that are three (3) months or more in arrears, 
M = 0.7 and provided further that, upon the occurrence of a Level 2 Trigger Event, and within ninety (90) 
days from the occurrence of such Level 2 Trigger Event, and provided that neither a CAMCA Enhancement 
nor a CAMCA Credit Support has been implemented at such time under the form and to the extent determined 
in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agencies, any Home Loan Receivable 
(x) transferred as Collateral Security and guaranteed by Home Loan Guarantees granted by CAMCA, and 
(y) which is not secured by a mortgage or similar legal privileges (hypothèque or privilège de prêteur de 
deniers) shall account for zero;  
"B", "D" and "Z" have the meaning ascribed to such terms, and shall be determined, on each relevant Amortisation 
Test Date, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and formula described in "The Asset Cover Test" above. 
"E" is equal to the aggregate amount of principal and interest payments, distributions, indemnities, insurance and 
other proceeds, payments under any Home Loan Security and other sums received during the applicable 
Amortisation Test Calculation Period by the Issuer from the debtors or other relevant entities under the Collateral 
Security Assets, as the same shall be reported by the Issuer Calculation Agent on each Amortisation Test Date 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Calculation of the Amortisation Ratio 
On each Amortisation Test Date, the Amortisation Ratio (RA) shall be calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent 
according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Amortisation Test Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) of its calculation of the Amortisation Ratio (RA). 
Non Compliance with Amortisation Test 
A "Non Compliance with Amortisation Test" will result from the Amortisation Ratio (RA) being strictly less 
than one (1). 
A Non Compliance with Amortisation Test will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series, except for the 
purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
The failure by the Issuer to cure a Non Compliance with Amortisation Test occurred on any Amortisation Test 
Date prior to the next following Amortisation Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Amortisation Test". The 
Issuer Calculation Agent will inform promptly the Issuer, each relevant Representative of the occurrence of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test. 
A Breach of Amortisation Test constitutes the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
CASH FLOW 
Cash management 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement and, subject to and, in accordance with the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds, the Administrator will assist the Issuer in operating its bank accounts and will invest any cash standing 
from time to time to the credit of the Issuer Cash Accounts (save for the Share Capital Proceeds Account which 
may be invested in Legal Substitution Assets) pending application in accordance with the Priority Payment Orders 
(see section entitled "CASH FLOW - Priority Payment Orders"), in instruments which qualify as "Permitted 
Investments" (as defined in "The Issuer – The Administrative Agreement"). 
Issuer Accounts 
Available Funds of the Issuer will be from time to time credited and debited by the Administrator on behalf of the 
Issuer into the Issuer Cash Accounts opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank (see section entitled "THE 
MAIN PROGRAM DOCUMENTS – The Issuer Accounts Agreement" for a further description of the Issuer 
Accounts). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Available Funds" means: 
(a) 
in the absence of service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice 
has been served to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds from the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement; 
(ii) 
cash standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account(s) or the Share Capital Proceeds 
Account (including, as the case may be, proceeds from Legal Substitution Assets invested with 
such cash (if any));  
(iii) 
any Cash Collateral (if any) standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection 
Loss and Interest Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account (including 
proceeds from Permitted Investments invested with any such Cash Collateral (if any));  
(iv) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer from the 
debtors under the Legal Substitution Assets and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account(s); and 
(v) 
as the case may be, payment proceeds from any Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) and the Borrower 
Hedging Agreement(s) (if any). 
(b) 
following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and enforcement of the Collateral Security 
(and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer following 
service of a notice to any or all debtors under the Home Loans mentioning the new payment 
instructions to be observed by the same with respect to the payment of sums due under the Home 
Loans and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation and standing to the credit of the Issuer 
General Account(s); 
(ii) 
insurance proceeds and other proceeds (other than the proceeds mentioned in (i) above) received 
by the Issuer under the Home Loans and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account(s);

--- Page 174 ---
174 
(iii) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer from the 
debtors under the Legal Substitution Assets and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account(s); 
(iv) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or otherwise) of 
the Home Loan Receivables and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account(s); 
(v) 
proceeds from the enforcement of any Home Loan Security (if any) and standing to the credit of 
the Issuer General Account(s); 
(vi) 
cash from Permitted Investments (if any) standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account(s); 
(vii) 
cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, the Collection Loss and Interest 
Reserve Account and the Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account; 
(viii) as the case may be, payment proceeds from any Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) and the Borrower 
Hedging Agreement(s) (if any); 
(ix) 
cash standing to the credit of the Share Capital Proceeds Account; and 
(x) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or otherwise) of 
all other eligible assets of the Issuer and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account(s). 
Priority Payment Orders 
Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the absence of service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower 
Enforcement Notice and in the absence of service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice, on any Payment Date and (as 
applicable) Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of each relevant series of 
Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer 
Accounts Bank to debit the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer Securities 
Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account(s)) from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the 
Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account(s). The Administrator (on behalf of 
the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying 
Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer on such date, in 
the following Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order: 
(i) 
firstly, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any and all amounts 
then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, as the case may be, after netting if applicable in accordance 
with the provisions of Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code under the Issuer 
Hedging Agreement(s) and the Borrower Hedging Agreement(s) (other than the Hedging Subordinated 
Termination Costs, as defined below) (together, the "Hedging Costs ") and (b) any and all amounts 
then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, it being provided that 
in case of insufficient available funds to pay all the sums then due under such Series of Covered Bonds, 
if an amount of interests is due on the same day than an amount of principal under the same Series of 
Covered Bonds, the payment is made first on the interests amounts due; 
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge of any and all amounts then due and payable by the 
Issuer, if any, in respect of any payments to be made by the Issuer following an early termination of the 
Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) or the Borrower Hedging Agreement(s) as a result of an event of default 
under the same in respect of which the relevant hedge counterparty of the Issuer is the defaulting party

--- Page 175 ---
175 
or following a termination event of the same in respect of which the hedge counterparty of the Issuer is 
the affected party (the " Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs"); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment or discharge of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer, 
if any, to (x) the Administrator under Clauses 7, 8 and 9 of the Administrative Agreement, if any, and 
(y) the servicer under the servicing agreement pursuant to which the servicing of the Collateral Security 
Assets would be carried out by this new servicer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, as the case may be;  
(iv) 
fourthly, only after and subject to the payment of any due and payable amounts due to the Issuer's 
creditors under items (i) to (iii) hereabove (the "Privileged Creditors"), in or towards payment or 
discharge, in accordance with any statutory preference right they may benefit from the then applicable 
general law, of (a) the Issuer's liability, if any, to taxation and (b) any costs, expenses, fees, remuneration 
and indemnity payments (if any) and any other amounts payable by the Issuer to any relevant entity in 
connection with the holding of any meeting of holders of Covered Bonds, to any stock exchange and 
other listing entities where the Covered Bonds are listed, any clearing systems entities where the 
Covered Bonds are cleared, Crédit Agricole S.A. (with respect to any insurance premium, regulatory, 
professional and legal fees, costs and other expenses paid by Crédit Agricole S.A. on behalf of the Issuer 
and to be repaid by the Issuer to Crédit Agricole S.A. subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
terms of the Convention d'externalisation et de prestations de services), the Administrator (other than 
the amounts referred to under item (iii) above), the Issuer Calculation Agent, the Issuer Accounts Bank, 
the Paying Agent(s), the Permanent Dealers, the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent(s), the Calculation Agent(s), 
the Issuer's Auditors, the Specific Controller, the Substitute Specific Controller, the Representatives and 
the Rating Agencies in respect of the monitoring fees (together (a) and (b), the "Administrative and 
Tax Costs") and (c) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to the Cash Collateral 
Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement and (d) any and all amounts then due and payable by the 
Issuer with respect to any other resources raised by the Issuer mentioned in Article L. 513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code and which do not benefit from the Privilège; 
(v) 
fifthly, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer with respect to any dividend to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders. 
Controlled Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the event of service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice and thereafter unless and until an Issuer Enforcement Notice is served to the Issuer, on any Payment Date 
and (as applicable) Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) of each relevant 
series of Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate instructions to the 
Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer 
Securities Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account(s)) from the cash that shall constitute the Available 
Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the Issuer General Account(s). The Administrator 
(on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and 
the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer on such 
date, in the following Controlled Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order: 
(i) 
firstly, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any and all Hedging 
Costs then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, (b) any and all amounts then due and payable by the 
Issuer under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, it being provided that in case of insufficient available 
funds to pay all the sums then due under such Series of Covered Bonds, if an amount of interests is due 
on the same day than an amount of principal under the same Series of Covered Bonds, the payment is 
made first on the interests amounts due and (c) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
to (x) the Administrator under Clauses 7, 8 and 9 of the Administrative Agreement, if any, and/or (y)

--- Page 176 ---
176 
any new servicer under the servicing agreement entered into by the Issuer in accordance with Article 
L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
secondly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs 
then due and payable by the Issuer, if any; 
(iii) 
thirdly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata, in accordance with any statutory or preference right they 
may benefit from the then applicable general law, of any and all Administrative and Tax Costs then due 
and payable by the Issuer; 
(iv) 
fourthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment pari passu and pro rata of (a) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to the 
Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement and (b) all amounts then due and payable 
by the Issuer with respect to any and all Collections surplus amounts remaining after enforcement of 
the Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security 
Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
with respect to any other resources raised by the Issuer mentioned in Article L. 513-30 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and which do not benefit from the Privilège; 
(vi) 
sixthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds and the full 
repayment and discharge of any and all sums referred to under item (iv) and (v) above, in or towards 
payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to any third 
parties (with respect to any dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's 
shareholders).  
Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the event of service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice and thereafter (whether a Borrower Enforcement Notice 
shall have been served to the Borrower or not), the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will promptly and no 
later than three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of such Issuer Enforcement Notice give the appropriate 
instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit all the Issuer Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account(s)) 
from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the 
Issuer General Account(s). The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions 
on such date and on each and every day chosen by the Administrator thereafter to the Issuer Accounts Bank and 
the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer on and 
as from such date, in the following Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order provided that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, no payment item below shall be paid as long as an item ranking senior to it shall not have been 
duly paid, repaid, reimbursed or redeemed in full by the Issuer: 
(i) 
firstly, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any and all Hedging 
Costs then due and payable by the Issuer (and remaining unpaid at such date), if any, (b) any and all 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (and remaining 
unpaid at such date), it being provided that in case of insufficient available funds to pay all the sums 
then due under such Series of Covered Bonds, if an amount of interests is due on the same day than an 
amount of principal under the same Series of Covered Bonds, the payment is made first on the interests 
amounts due and (c) any amounts then due and payable by the Issuer (and remaining unpaid at such 
date) to (x) the Administrator under Clauses 7, 8 and 9 of the Administrative Agreement, if any, and/or

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(y) any new servicer under the servicing agreement entered into by the Issuer in accordance with Article 
L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
secondly, after and subject to the full repayment and satisfaction of any and all present and future sums 
due under items referred to in (i) above, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu, pro rata and in 
full of any and all Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs then due and payable by the Issuer and 
remaining unpaid at such date;  
(iii) 
thirdly, after and subject to the full repayment and satisfaction of any and all present and future sums 
due under items referred to in (i) and (ii) above, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro 
rata, in accordance with any statutory right or preference right they may benefit from the then applicable 
general law, of the Administrative and Tax Costs; 
(iv) 
fourthly, after and subject to the full repayment and satisfaction of any and all present and future sums 
due under items referred to in (i) to (iii) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any 
and all amounts due by the Issuer with respect to (a) any and all amounts then due and payable by the 
Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement and (b) all Collections 
surplus amounts remaining after enforcement of the Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance 
with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Security Agreement; 
(v) 
fifthly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (iv) above, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer with respect to any other resources raised by the Issuer mentioned in Article L. 513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code and which do not benefit from the Privilège; 
(vi) 
sixthly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (v) above, in or 
towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts due by the Issuer with respect to any 
dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS 
The thirty-nine (39) Caisses régionales de Crédit Agricole Mutuel (regional banks) and LCL grant predominantly 
housing loans through their branch networks. Even for new customers that might be brought in by brokers or other 
independent intermediaries (not a significant part of the Crédit Agricole's Group housing loans business), there 
will be a contact with a local branch salesperson, for the customer's current account to be opened and his loan to 
be discussed and analysed. 
Loan application analysis 
Before a loan application is analysed, a preparation phase takes place that covers three steps:  
(a) 
In step one, all relevant information with regard to the applicant's personal situation (income, savings, 
assets, current debts, age and professional status) and to his project (precise location and detailed 
description if an acquisition or a construction) are gathered. In addition, should the applicant be eligible 
to a "prêt réglementé", he will be provided with the list of all documents necessary for the loan to be 
funded. The salesperson is responsible for carrying out those tasks. 
(b) 
In step two, the customer's payment history is verified, with the automatic sending out of a query to 
national risk databases (Fichier central des incidents de paiements and Fichier central des chèques). At 
this early stage of the process, the application will generally be turned down if the customer presents a 
difficult payment history. In any case, the application will not be eligible to a decentralized decision 
making (excluded from the delegation).  
(c) 
In step three, the customer funding plan is prepared, aimed at being appropriately suited to his needs 
and financial situation.  
The analysis of the loan application itself is supported by an automated underwriting system (Score Habitat for 
Caisses régionales, Planetimmo for LCL). All the previously mentioned pieces of information regarding the 
applicant personal situation and the project's features will be fed into the system (personal situation, payment 
history, funding plan). As a result, the underwriting system will derive an automated risk opinion in the form of a 
firelight signal (green, orange or red). 
The delegation framework is directly related to the underwriting system with green scored applications receiving 
the highest delegation level while red scored applications being either totally non delegated or only delegated for 
small amounts (and with additional tests to comply with). The salesperson (loan officer, branch manager) will get 
direct information from the underwriting system about whether or not the application might be approved at his 
level of responsibility. Non delegated files will be all reviewed at the head office level, by a team of specialised 
home loans analysts. 
Regarding the lending policy, the most important point is that Crédit Agricole Group home loans origination is 
fundamentally customer driven, which means that no home loan should be granted based on the sole (or even 
dominant) appraisal of the collateral's strength. It is a strictly adhered to Crédit Agricole Group's principle that no 
loan is to be extended to an individual whose proven revenues and payment history are not strong enough to 
demonstrate his ability to repay the loan. 
Controls before funding of accepted applications  
Before delivering the funding, a set of controls is performed: 
(a) 
Controls aimed at verifying that the approval process was professionally carried out (quality of the 
insurance subscription form, control of fraud, validity of all information entered into the system and 
used to derive the level of delegation).

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(b) 
Controls aimed at verifying that all required documents are present in the file, in particular regarding 
"prêts réglementés". 
Once those controls are completed, a home loan offer is prepared and mailed to the customer. Upon the return of 
the offer, the validity of the acceptance by the borrower is checked (dates and signatures), before the final home 
loan contract is provided. 
Servicing of home loans 
Each Caisse Régionale is responsible for servicing its own home loan portfolio and so is LCL. 
Home loan servicing comprises the administration of home loans from their inception to their final payment, which 
means dealing with:  
(a) 
the release of funds, which can be implemented either in full at the date of signature or in a gradual 
manner (for under construction housing especially);  
(b) 
the calculation and collection of home loans repayments;  
(c) 
the early repayments; and 
(d) 
the rescheduling, that can be either part of the original contract or part of the solution put in place to 
address a borrower's difficult situation.  
Past due collection and foreclosure proceedings 
Branches are accountable for dealing with past due instalments that are comprised between one (1) day and a 
maximum of sixty (60) days. On average, past due are locally dealt with during the first forty-five (45) days 
following the initial past due. During this period of time, solutions are seeked on a purely amicable basis.  
Should it prove impossible to get a rapid and full repayment of all past due items from the borrower, an escalation 
process will take place. The relationship with the customer is therefore handed over to a collection officer, located 
in the head office (the same organization is in place in Caisses régionales and in LCL). The collection officer 
performs a thorough analysis of the borrower's situation and, if deemed viable, might conclude an amicable 
agreement (which may take the form of a rescheduling of past due items, and will have to be validated at the 
appropriate level).  
If the borrower's personal situation appears too difficult for an amicable agreement to be reached, the process will 
escalate one step further and the full recovery of the unpaid loan will be engaged through foreclosure proceedings. 
Individuals responsible for centralised collection and foreclosure proceedings are provided with a dedicated system 
that enables them to optimally organize and follow up the relevant course of action. Periodic reports are prepared 
allowing management to control that collection officers initiate the necessary procedure in a timely manner.  
Internal control  
The quality of the individual analysis is reinforced by internal control that comprises both general and specific 
portfolio reviews: 
(a) 
General housing loans periodic portfolio reviews aimed at identifying significant risk areas. Based on 
the findings, experiences are drawn out in terms of new policies and procedures or additional checks 
and balances

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(b) 
Specific housing loans portfolio reviews based on in-house criteria, triggers or list and designed at 
following up more closely potentially sensitive files (for instance, when the customer Basel 2 rating has 
been significantly downgraded, even if no past due occurred)

--- Page 181 ---
181 
TAXATION 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will only include French law 
Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
The following is a summary limited to certain tax considerations relating to the payments made in respect of the 
Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Program and specifically contains information on taxes on the income 
from the securities withheld at source in respect of France, the country of the registered office of the Issuer. This 
summary is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of this Base Prospectus and as applied by the tax 
authorities, all of which are subject to changes or to different interpretation. This summary is for general 
information and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be 
relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds. Potential purchasers and sellers of the 
Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other charges or duties in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country where the Covered Bonds are transferred or other jurisdictions, 
including the Issuer’s jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the 
Covered Bonds. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Covered Bonds should consult its tax advisor as 
to the tax consequences of any investment in or ownership and disposal of the Covered Bonds in light of its 
particular circumstances.  
France 
The following is a summary of certain French withholding tax considerations relating to the holding of the Covered 
Bonds by a beneficial holder of the Covered Bonds who does not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
French withholding tax  
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Covered Bonds will not be subject 
to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A, III of the French General Tax Code unless such payments are 
made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning 
of Article 238-0 A of the French General Tax Code (a "Non-Cooperative State" or "Non-Cooperative States") 
other than those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis-2° of the same Code. 
If such payments under the Covered Bonds are made in certain Non-Cooperative States, a 75% withholding tax 
will be applicable by virtue of Article 125 A, III of the French General Tax Code (subject to certain exceptions 
and the provisions of an applicable double tax treaty).  
Furthermore, in application of Article 238 A of the French General Tax Code, interest and other revenues on such 
Covered Bonds will no longer be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if they are paid or accrued to persons 
domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank account opened in a financial institution 
located in such a Non-Cooperative State (including those mentioned in Article 238-0 A, 2 bis-2° of the same Code) 
(the "Deductibility Exclusion"). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues 
may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French General Tax Code, 
in which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under 
Article 119 bis of the French General Tax Code, at a rate of (i) 12.8% for non-French resident individuals for 
French tax purposes, (ii) 25% for non-French corporate entities or other legal entities for French tax purposes, or 
(iii) 75% for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in Article 238-
0 A, 2 bis-2° of the French General Tax Code (subject, in each case, to the provisions of an applicable double tax 
treaty).

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75% withholding tax set out under Article 125 A, III of the French 
General Tax Code, the Deductibility Exclusion nor the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis of the French 
General Tax Code will apply in respect of the Covered Bonds if the Issuer can prove that (i) the principal purpose 
and effect of the issue of the Covered Bonds was not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to 
be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception") and (ii) in respect of the Deductibility Exclusion that (a) it 
benefits from the Exception and (b) the relevant interest or other assimilated revenues relates to genuine 
transactions and are not abnormal or exaggerated in amount. Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances 
Publiques-Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 (published on 21 February 2021) no. 150 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 
(published on 21 February 2021) no. 290, an issue of the Covered Bonds will benefit from the Exception without 
the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of the Covered Bonds if the Covered 
Bonds are: 
 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (as in effect between 1 April 2009 and 23 October 2019) or pursuant to an equivalent 
offer in a State which is not a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any 
offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by such other similar 
foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State; or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the clearing operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such 
depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Articles 125 A and 125 D of the French General Tax Code, subject to certain exceptions, interest and 
other similar revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France are subject to a 12.8% 
withholding tax, which is an advance payment made in respect of the personal income tax and is deductible from 
their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions 
(including but not limited to the contribution sociale généralisée, or CSG, and the contribution au remboursement 
de la dette sociale, or CRDS) are also levied by way of withholding tax at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest 
and other similar revenues paid to individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including France, have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of the French IGA as currently in 
effect, a French financial institution generally is not required to withhold under FATCA or the IGA on payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and the French IGA to instruments such 
as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with

--- Page 183 ---
183 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. The 
U.S. Treasury has recently provided in proposed regulations that no withholding on foreign passthru payments, 
such as those on the Covered Bonds, will be required prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register (the “Final 
Regulations Date”). Even if withholding were to be required in the future pursuant to FATCA or the French IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds issued on or prior to the date 
that is six months after the Final Regulations Date generally would be “grandfathered” with the result that they 
would not ever be subject to FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason 
of a substitution of the issuer). The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Covered Bonds 
may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a 
non-FATCA compliant holder would not qualify for the “grandfathering” exception.. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will 
be required to pay additional amounts to Bondholders as a result of the withholding.  
FATCA is particularly complex and its application remains uncertain at this time. The above description is 
based in part on regulations, official guidance and the US-France IGA, all of which are subject to change or 
may be implemented in materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with 
the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 16 
February 2022 between the Issuer, the Arrangers and the Permanent Dealers (the "Dealer Agreement"), the 
Covered Bonds will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Covered Bonds directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Covered Bonds 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by 
the relevant Dealer. The Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Covered Bonds to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Covered Bonds 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arrangers for their expenses incurred in connection with 
the Program and the Dealers for their expenses incurred in connection with certain of their activities in connection 
with the Program. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Covered Bonds. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement 
that they make to subscribe Covered Bonds in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Covered Bonds 
being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each Dealer shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefore. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,  
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to the public in a Member State of the EEA 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds specify that an offer of those Covered Bonds may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-
Exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Covered Bonds 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and 
the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150), natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make any offer of German law Covered Bonds to the public 
or otherwise in any Member State of the EEA unless in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any laws 
applicable in that Member State of the EEA to German law Covered Bonds. 
United States of America  
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are 
being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered the Covered Bonds of any 
identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time, or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during this period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Covered Bonds within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered 
Bonds outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the 
Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person 
in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person or to any other person within the 
United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents 
to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise 
such non-U.S. person, is prohibited. 
Germany 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered, and will not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly to the public in Germany, except in compliance with all applicable laws, in particular the Prospectus 
Regulation (as implemented in Germany) and the German Investment Product Act (Vermögensanlagegesetz). 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of Covered Bonds 
including, without limitation, German law Covered Bonds as an investment product for any investor. In particular, 
the Issuer assumes no responsibility for the eligibility of any Covered Bonds as investment for any Bondholder 
domiciled in Germany and subject to particular regulatory requirements with regard to its investments, including, 
without limitation, insurance companies, pension funds, credit institutions and investment funds. Unless explicitly 
stated otherwise in the Conditions and/or the terms and conditions of the German law Covered Bonds or the Final 
Terms, no reference therein to particular German law regulatory requirements implies or may be construed to 
imply any representation or warranty by the Issuer as to the suitability of the relevant Covered Bonds for the 
Bondholder. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Program will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who 
it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as defined 
below) in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the 
Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted 
in a function on one or more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance 
with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended from time to 
time) and its implementing regulations.  
No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights representing an interest in a 
global note; (b) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds in definitive form between 
individuals who do not act in the conduct of a business or profession; (c) in respect of the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in definitive form to the first holders thereof; or (d) in respect of the transfer and 
acceptance of such Zero Coupon Covered Bonds within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Covered Bonds in global 
form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the 
Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter.  
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue 
and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds have to be complied with.  
As used herein "Zero Coupon Covered Bonds" are Covered Bonds that are in bearer form and that constitute a 
claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which 
no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealers have represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Program will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in 
the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of Covered Bonds and such offering of Covered Bonds has 
not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("Consob") in the Republic of Italy 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each of the Dealers and the Issuer represents and agrees, and 
any further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that no Covered Bond 
may be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, and will not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the Republic of Italy, nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except (i) to qualified investors, as defined 
in Article 2, letter e) of the Prospectus Regulation, pursuant to Article 1, fourth paragraph, letter a) of the Prospectus 
Regulation as implemented by Article 35, paragraph 1, letter d) of CONSOB Regulations No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (the "Intermediaries Regulation"); or (ii) in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on 
public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation.For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression “offer of Covered Bonds to the public in the Republic of Italy” means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, including the placement through 
authorised intermediaries.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealers and the Issuer represents and agrees that any offer, sale, transfer or 
delivery of Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the 
Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all 
relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, 
will be made: 
(a) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Intermediaries Regulation, 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 
and Legislative Decree No. of 1 September 1993 (the "Banking Act") (in each case, as amended from 
time to time) and any other applicable laws or regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on 
the issue or the offer of securities; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements that may be imposed from 
time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authorities. 
Any investor purchasing Covered Bonds in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale 
of Covered Bonds it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and regulations.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to it or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds, and the 
information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not to be distributed to any 
third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located in the Republic of Italy other 
than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base Prospectus, its content or any other 
document relating to the Covered Bonds. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investors should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of Covered Bonds in the 
Republic of Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the 
rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, the subsequent distribution of the Covered 
Bonds on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Issuers Regulation. Failure to comply 
with such rules may result in the sale of such Covered Bonds being declared null and void and in the intermediaries 
transferring the Covered Bonds being liable for any damages suffered by investors or potential investors. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law 
of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended: the "FIEL") and each of the Dealers has agreed, and each further dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others 
for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and 
any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Singapore 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers and the 
Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold any Covered Bonds or caused the 
Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA") pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole business 
 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor in accordance with the Securities and Futures 
 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor in accordance with the 
 
Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018, securities or securities-based derivatives 
 
contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights 
 
and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 
 
of the SFA except:  
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person arising 
from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA in accordance with the Securities 
and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018;  
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-
Based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Hong Kong 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer have represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Program will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Covered Bonds other than (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to 
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws 
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
The information and document are strictly confidential to the person whom it is addressed and must not be 
distributed, published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipient to any other person or used for 
any purpose in Hong Kong. 
 
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any Hong Kong regulatory authority. You are advised 
to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in doubt about any contents of this document, you should 
obtain independent professional advice. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia 
("Australian Corporations Act")) in relation to the Program or any Covered Bonds has been, or will be, lodged 
with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”). Each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed that unless the relevant Final Terms (or any supplement to the Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Covered Bonds for issue or sale in 
Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to any Covered Bonds in Australia or to any person in 
Australia, 
unless:  
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an 
alternative currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer 
or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian 
Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" as defined for the purposes of section 
761G of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
such action complies with: 
(A) 
Banking exemption No. 1 of 2018 as if it applied to the Issuer mutatis mutandis (which amongst 
other things requires all offers and transfers to be in parcels of at least A$500,000); and 
(B) 
any other applicable laws, regulations or directives in Australia; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory authority in 
Australia.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
The Covered Bonds are issued by the Issuer, being an entity that is not authorised under the Banking Act 1959 
(Cth) of Australia (Banking Act) and is not supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. 
An investment in the Covered Bonds is not covered by the depositor protection provisions in section 13A of the 
Banking Act, and will not entitle holders of Covered Bonds to claim under Division 2AA – Financial claims 
scheme for account-holders with insolvent ADIs (as defined in the Banking Act) pursuant to the Banking Act.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French law Covered Bonds. The form of final terms applicable 
to the German law Covered Bonds is included in the Agency Agreement) 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED BONDS WITH A SPECIFIED 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN € 100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND/OR OFFERED ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS 
IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [RETAIL INVESTORS, ]PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS [ONLY ]TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] EEA domiciled manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds taking into account the 
five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties[,/ and] professional 
clients[only/ and retail clients], each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered 
Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate[; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[, and portfolio 
management]], non-advised sales and pure execution services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 1 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [RETAIL INVESTORS, ]PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS [ONLY ]TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds taking into account the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Covered Bonds is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and ][only] eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of 
the Covered Bonds to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] . Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
 
 
 
1 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 / alternative wording 
if the Covered Bonds are intended to be sold to retail clients

--- Page 194 ---
194 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable] .]2 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
[LOGO] 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE HOME LOAN SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500C9913Z7PKUGB44 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €40,000,000,000 Covered Bond Program 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
 
 
2 Legend to be included if the managers in relation to the Covered Bonds are subject to UK MiFIR and therefore are UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included. 
3 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients. 
4 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 16 February 2022 which received approval no. 22-036 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 16 February 2022 [and the supplement(s) to the base 
prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], and which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus as so 
supplemented in order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds. Full information 
on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the 
websites of Crédit Agricole S.A. (www.credit-agricole.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained. However, a summary 
of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to these Final Terms. [In addition5, the Base Prospectus and these 
Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") which are the [April 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions] / 
[2011 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2012 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2013 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2014 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2015 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2017 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2018 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2019 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2020 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2021 
Covered Bonds Conditions]  which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus (as defined below). This 
document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 16 February 2022 
which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on 16 February 2022 [and the supplements to the base prospectus 
dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], and which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the [April 2010 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2011 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2012 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2013 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2014 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2015 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2017 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2018 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2019 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2020 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2021 Covered Bonds Conditions] incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds which is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of Crédit Agricole S.A. (www.credit-agricole.com) 
and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer 
where copies may be obtained. However, a summary of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to these Final 
Terms in order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds. [In addition6, the Base 
Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
 
 
 
 
5 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
6 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds will 
be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single 
Series: 
 
 
[The Covered Bonds will be assimilated 
(assimilables) and form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
existing [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date of exchange of the Temporary 
Global Certificate for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, as referred to in 
paragraph 23(iii) below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date].] / [Not 
Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●]  
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered Bonds: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]  
6. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds) (Not less than 
€1,000 or its equivalent in other currency at the 
Issue Date when the Covered Bonds are admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
Regulated 
Market 
in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation).7  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
7 Covered Bonds denominated in Sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum denomination of Sterling 1,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 198 ---
198 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]  
[The Covered Bonds, having a soft bullet maturity 
in accordance with Condition 7(a), will be 
redeemed at the Final Maturity Date unless their 
maturity is extended to the Extended Final 
Maturity Date as specified below.]  
9. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]  
[The Final Maturity Date will be extended 
automatically to the Extended Final Maturity 
Date [if the Final Redemption Amount is not paid 
by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date]8 / [upon 
the occurrence of any of the Maturity Extension 
Trigger Event(s) (as specified in paragraph 9 bis 
below)]9. In such case the payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be automatically 
deferred and shall become due and payable on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that (i) 
any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount, as specified below, remaining unpaid on 
the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter 
and (ii) interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount during such extended period at the 
relevant newly applicable Rate of Interest and be 
payable on each relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date.]/[Not Applicable] 
9 bis. 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s): 
[Specifiy 
any 
maturity 
extension 
trigger 
event(s)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Covered Bonds are 
issued prior to 8 July 2022) 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [for the period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the Final Maturity Date (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)]] 
[[EURIBOR, SARON or any other reference rate] 
+/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate [for the period 
from and including the Final Maturity Date to but 
 
 
 
8 For Covered Bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022. 
9 For Covered Bonds issued as from 8 July 2022.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date, or if 
earlier the date on which the Covered Bonds are 
redeemed 
in 
full]] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below)  
 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Final Maturity Date [or on any 
Specified Interest Payment Date occurring 
thereafter up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date] as the case may be at 
[[]]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount] 
[Instalment] 
(further particulars specified below in 
paragraph 26) 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds/Not Applicable]  
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
"Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions") [Interest will accrue on a Fixed Rate 
basis until the Final Maturity Date and on a 
Floating Rate basis thereafter.]] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of Covered 
Bonds obtained: 
 
[●] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Applicable until the Final Maturity 
Date/ 
Applicable 
[before/after] 
[●]/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year, [from and including [●] up to and 
including the [Final Maturity Date/ Extended 
Final Maturity Date/ [●]]] [where applicable

--- Page 200 ---
200 
(adjusted pursuant to the [specifiy applicable 
Business Day Convention]) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in / on] [•]]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / include 
any other option from Condition 6(a)]  
[adjusted / not adjusted] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable / [●] in each year]  
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Final Maturity Date (or Extended 
Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))  
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable if the Final Maturity Date 
is extended until the Extended Final Maturity 
Date/ [before/after] [●]/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●]/[The period from and including the Final 
Maturity Date to but excluding the first Specified 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including a Specified Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next succeeding 
Specified Interest Payment Date, up to and 
excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date or, if 
earlier the Specified Interest Payment Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full] [, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] [in each year]/of each month] [from (and 
including [●] to (and including) [●]][, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to 
any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]]

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] / [Specified Interest Payment Date] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention]  
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):  
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- Benchmark: 
[●] (specify Benchmark EURIBOR / SARON or any 
other reference rate and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months] / [SARON] (additional information if 
necessary)  
 
- Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] / [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify city] 
for [specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Day(s) 
(if SARON)] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
- Primary Source: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
 
- Reference Banks (if Primary Source is "Reference 
Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
- Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
benchmark - specify if not Paris]

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
- Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
- Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]  
 
- Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- SARON Rate Cut-off Date:  
 
 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the [second/[●]] 
Zurich Banking Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest] (Only 
applicable in the case of SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay) 
 
- Lookback Days:  
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Compound 
with Lookback) 
 
- Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON with 
Observation Shift) 
 
- Interest Accrual Period End Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  [●] Zurich Banking Day(s) after 
the Interest Commencement Date in relation to the 
first Interest Accrual Period or after the previous 
Interest Accrual Period End Date thereafter] (Only 
applicable in the case of SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay) 
 
 
- Interest Payment Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Compound 
with Payment Delay)

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
- Relevant Number  
 
-SARON Index Start 
 
-SARON Index End 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Index 
Determination) 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Index 
Determination) 
 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Index 
Determination) 
 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity 
[●] 
 
- 
Reset Date 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) as per Condition 6(c)(iv) applies/[●] per 
cent. per annum]  
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum ] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
[adjusted/not adjusted] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods preceding the Switch Date (excluded): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b), as 
though the Covered Bonds were Fixed Rate

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Covered Bonds/[Condition 6(c), as though the 
Covered Bonds were Floating Rate Covered Bonds] 
with further variables set out in item [15/16] of 
these Final Terms 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date (included): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b), as 
though the Covered Bonds were Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds]/ [Condition 6(c), as though the 
Covered Bonds were Floating Rate Covered Bonds] 
with further variables set out in item [15/16] of 
these Final Terms  
 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :) [●]] [Not 
Applicable]]  
 
18. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / include 
any other option from Condition 6(a)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond:  
 
[●] 
per 
Covered 
Bond 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Covered Bond of [●] 
Specified Denomination] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Covered Bond of [●] 
Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days

--- Page 205 ---
205 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination /Specified Denomination] 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
  
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
illegality or on event of default: 
 
 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination] 
  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
Form of Covered Bonds:  
[Dematerialised Covered Bonds/ Materialised 
Covered Bonds] (Materialised Covered Bonds are 
only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Covered 
Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur) / administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) / fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
fully 
registered 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only) 
 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being forty 
(40) days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate]

--- Page 206 ---
206 
24. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest period for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 15(vi) and 16(vi) relate] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. As the Covered Bonds 
have more than 27 coupon payments, talons may 
be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.] (Only applicable to Materialised Covered 
Bonds) 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragrapghs) 
 
(i)  
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of each 
 
Covered Bond: 
 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
27. 
Representation of Bondholders - Masse (Condition 
12): 
[[Full Masse] / [Contractual Masse] shall apply]  
(Insert below details of the Representative and 
alternate Representative and remuneration, if 
any:) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [F&S 
Financial Services, Vincent Fabié, 8 rue du Mont-
Thabor, 75001 Paris, France] / [●]] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 
75008 Paris, France] / [●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
28. 
[Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of Bondholders as 
provided by Condition 12(a)(i): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
29. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Covered Bonds are intended to be sold to 
retail 
clients 
and 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products for which a KID will be prepared, or if

--- Page 207 ---
207 
the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
30. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPS 
Regulation or the Covered Bonds do constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPS 
Regulation and a key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products under the UK PRIIPS 
Regulation and no key information document will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that to the best 
of its knowledge such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. ]10  
 
 
Signed on behalf of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE HOME LOAN SFH: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
10 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris]/[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [●] [; 
last day of trading expected to be [●], unless their maturity is 
extended to the Extended Final Maturity Date].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris]/ 
[specify relevant regulated market]] with effect from [●].]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
(b) Regulated Markets 
or equivalent markets 
on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, securities of the 
same 
class 
of 
the 
Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading are 
already 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the Program generally]]:  
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
[Moody's France SAS: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider]

--- Page 209 ---
209 
[Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's France SAS 
and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European 
Union, registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/ supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered the CRA 
Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu page/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in accordance with CRA Regulation.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Covered 
Bonds of the type being issued under the Program generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate 
relating to the borrowing program for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in the event of an issue of Covered 
Bonds equaling or exceeding Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate 
relating to such issue. 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below:

--- Page 210 ---
210 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Covered Bonds, 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material 
to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i)  
Reasons 
for 
the 
offer:  
 
[]*/[The Covered Bonds constitute [Green/Social] 
Covered Bonds and an amount equal or equivalent to the 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing Eligible [Green/Social] 
Assets: 
[describe Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets 
categories and/or any relevant framework, second party 
opinion(s) and where such information can be 
obtained].] 
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from the funding of the 
Borrower Advances or the purchase by the Issuer in the 
future of eligible assets other than the Borrower 
Advances and the Home Loan Receivables will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[] (Include breakdown of expenses) 
6. 
[FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [for the Fixed Rate period]. 
[[The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
is calculated on the basis of the Issue Price using the following 
formula:

--- Page 211 ---
211 
where: 
P is the Issue Price of the Covered Bonds; 
C is the Interest Amount; 
A is the outstanding principal amount of Covered Bonds due on 
redemption;  
n is time to maturity in years; and  
r is the yield. 
[[As set out above,] the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price [for the period beginning on (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the Final Maturity Date]. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]] 
7. 
[FLOATING RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES  
(i) Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/ SARON / []] rates can 
be obtained from [Reuters/other [(or any successor)]]. 
(ii) Benchmarks: 
[As provided in section “General Information” of the 
Base Prospectus/Amounts payable under the Covered 
Bonds 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[EURIBOR/SARON/[]] which is provided by [].] 
[As at [the date hereof]/[], [EMMI /[]] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by [the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the "Benchmark 
Regulation").]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[], as 
administrator of [] is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of [the Benchmark Regulation]]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmark 
Regulation]] apply, such that [] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.]]  
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Temporary ISIN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iv) Depositaries: 
 
 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 212 ---
212 
- Euroclear France to act as Central Depositary 
- Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
 
[Yes/No] 
(v) Relevant clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme and the relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) and address(es)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
(viii) Name and address of the entities which have a 
firm commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main terms of their 
commitment: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) 
and description] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION  
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(A) Names and addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments/quotas: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments/quotas] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(C) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.] 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 213 ---
213 
(vi) [Non-exempt Offer 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Covered Bonds may be made 
by the Managers [and [specify, if applicable]] other than 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant 
Member State(s) - which must be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been passported] 
(“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from [specify 
date] until [specify date] (“Offer Period”). See further details 
in Paragraph 10 of Part B below. 
10. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OF COVERED BONDS TO 
THE PUBLIC 
(i) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ii) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details including the time period, and any 
possible amendments, during which the offer will be open] 
(iii) 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give detail] 
(iv) 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v) 
Method and time limits for paying up 
and for delivery of the Covered Bonds: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi) 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii) 
Procedure for the exercise of any right 
of 
pre-emption, 
the 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and the treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii) 
Various 
categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Covered Bonds are 
offered. Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ix) 
Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(x) 
Indication of the expected price at 
which the Covered Bonds will be offered: 
[Issue Price][specify]

--- Page 214 ---
214 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xii) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable with respect to any Authorised 
Offeror specified below] 
(xiii) 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act as Authorised 
Offeror(s)/ Any financial intermediary which satisfies the 
conditions set out below in item “Conditions attached to the 
consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus”] 
(xiv) 
Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus: 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a general consent 
to any financial intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, 
specify any additional conditions to those set out in the Base 
Prospectus or indicate “See conditions set out in the Base 
Prospectus”. Where Authorised Offeror(s) have been 
designated herein, specify any condition]

--- Page 215 ---
215 
[ANNEX - ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the final terms on a drawdown)

--- Page 216 ---
216 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French law Covered Bonds. The form of final terms applicable 
to the German law Covered Bonds is included in the Agency Agreement) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED BONDS WITH A DENOMINATION OF 
AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A 
REGULATED MARKET IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS [ONLY ]TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] EEA domiciled manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels11.] 
 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds taking into account the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]12 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
 
 
 
11 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
12 Legend to be included if the managers in relation to the Covered Bonds are subject to UK MiFIR and therefore are UK 
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or both are included.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]13 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA] . Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]14 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[LOGO] 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE HOME LOAN SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500C9913Z7PKUGB44 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the €40,000,000,000 Covered Bond Program 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients. 
14 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 16 February 2022 which received approval no. 22-036 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 16 February 2022 [and the supplement(s) to the base 
prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of Crédit Agricole 
S.A. (www.credit-agricole.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and during normal business hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained. [In addition15, the Base Prospectus[, the supplement(s) 
to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”) which are the [April 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions] / 
[2011 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2012 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2013 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2014 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2015 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2017 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2018 
Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2019 Covered Bond Conditions] / [2020 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2021 
Covered Bonds Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus (as defined below). This 
document constitutes the final terms of the Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 16 February 2022 
which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●] 2022 [and the supplements to the base prospectus dated [●] 
which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the [April 2010 Covered Bonds 
Conditions] / [July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2011 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2012 Covered Bonds 
Conditions] / [2013 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2014 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2015 Covered Bonds 
Conditions] / [2017 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2018 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2019 Covered Bonds 
Conditions] / [2020 Covered Bonds Conditions] / [2021 Covered Bonds Conditions] incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing 
on the websites of Crédit Agricole S.A. (www.credit-agricole.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained. [In addition16, 
the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
 
 
 
 
15 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
16 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
[The 
Covered 
Bonds 
will 
be 
assimilated 
(assimilables) and form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
existing [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date of exchange of the Temporary 
Global Certificate for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, as referred to in 
paragraph 23(iii) below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [insert date].] / [Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●]  
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered Bonds: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)]  
6. 
Specified Denomination[(s)]: 
[●] (one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds) (Not less than €100,000 or its 
equivalent in other currency at the Issue Date 
when the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation).17  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
17 Covered Bonds denominated in Sterling in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]  
[The Covered Bonds, having a soft bullet maturity 
in accordance with Condition 7(a), will be 
redeemed at the Final Maturity Date unless their 
maturity is extended to the Extended Final 
Maturity Date as specified below.] 
9. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year]  
[The Final Maturity Date will be extended 
automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date 
[if the Final Redemption Amount is not paid by the 
Issuer on the Final Maturity Date]18 / [upon the 
occurrence of any of the Maturity Extension 
Trigger Event(s) (as specified in paragraph 9 bis 
below)]19. In such case the payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be automatically 
deferred and shall become due and payable on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that (i) 
any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount, as specified below, remaining unpaid on 
the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter 
and (ii) interest will continue to accrue on any 
unpaid amount during such extended period at the 
relevant newly applicable Rate of Interest and be 
payable on each relevant Specified Interest 
Payment Date.]/[Not Applicable] 
9 bis. 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event(s): 
[Specify 
any 
maturity 
extension 
trigger 
event(s)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Covered Bonds are 
issued prior to 8 July 2022) 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate [for the period from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the Final Maturity Date (further 
particulars specified in paragraph 15 below)]] 
[[EURIBOR, SARON or any other reference rate] 
+/– [●] per cent. Floating Rate [for the period from 
and including the Final Maturity Date to but 
 
 
 
18 For Covered Bonds issued prior to 8 July 2022. 
19 For Covered Bonds issued as from 8 July 2022.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date, or if 
earlier the date on which the Covered Bonds are 
redeemed in full]] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)  
 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Final Maturity Date [or on any Specified 
Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to 
and including the Extended Final Maturity Date] 
as the case may be at [[●]]/[100]] per cent of their 
nominal amount] 
[Instalment]  
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 
26) 
 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds/Not Applicable]  
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions") 
[Interest will accrue on a Fixed Rate basis until the 
Final Maturity Date and on a Floating Rate basis 
thereafter.]] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of Covered 
Bonds obtained: 
 
[●] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/ Applicable until the Final Maturity 
Date/ 
Applicable 
[before/after] 
[●]/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
 (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year, [from and including [●] up to and 
including the [Final Maturity Date/ Extended 
Final Maturity Date/ [●]]] [where applicable

--- Page 222 ---
222 
(adjusted pursuant to the [specifiy applicable 
Business Day Convention]) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in / on] [•]]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / include 
any other option from Condition 6(a)] 
[adjusted / not adjusted] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
Not Applicable / [●] in each year (insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Final Maturity Date (or Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as the case may be) in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))  
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Applicable if the Final Maturity Date 
is extended until the Extended Final Maturity 
Date/ [before/after] [●]/ Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Interest Period[(s)]: 
[[●]/[The period from and including the Final 
Maturity Date to but excluding the first Specified 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including a Specified Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next succeeding 
Specified Interest Payment Date, up to and 
excluding the Extended Final Maturity Date or, if 
earlier the Specified Interest Payment Date on 
which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full] [, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] [in each year]/of each month] [from (and 
including [●] to (and including) [●]][, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to 
any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date 
[●] / [Specified Interest Payment Date] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s):  
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent):  
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
- Benchmark: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [[EURIBOR] or any other 
reference rate] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months]/[SARON] 
(additional 
information 
if 
necessary) 
 
- Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] [[TARGET] Business Day(s) in [specify city] 
for [specify currency]] / [Zurich Banking Day(s) 
(if SARON)] / prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
- Primary Source: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
 
- Reference Banks (if Primary Source is "Reference 
Banks"): 
[Specify four] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
benchmark - specify if not Paris]

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
- Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are 
to be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
- Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of Interest Accrual 
Period]  
 
- Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
- SARON Rate of Interest Determination 
[Not Applicable / SARON Compound with 
Lookback / SARON Compound with Observation 
Period Shift / SARON Compound with Payment 
Delay] (Only applicable in the case of SARON) 
 
- SARON Rate Cut Off Date: 
[Not Applicable / The day that is the [second/[•]] 
Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest] (Only 
applicable in the case of SARON Compound with 
Payment Delay) 
 
- Lookback Days:  
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Compound 
with Lookback) 
 
- Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Compound 
with Observation Period Shift) 
 
- Interest Accrual Period End Dates: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Compound 
with Payment Delay) 
 
 
- Interest Payment Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [●] Zurich Banking Day(s)] 
(Only applicable in the case of SARON Compound 
with Payment Delay) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[●] 
 
- 
Designated Maturity 
[●]

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
- 
Reset Date 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Zero (0) as per Condition 6(c)(iv) applies/[●] per 
cent. per annum]  
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
[adjusted/not adjusted] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods preceding the Switch Date (excluded): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b), as 
though the Covered Bonds was Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds/[Condition 6(c), as though the Covered 
Bonds were Floating Rate Covered Bonds] with 
further variables set out in item [15/16] of these 
Final Terms 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date (included): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 6(b), as 
though the Covered Bonds were Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds]/ [Condition 6(c), as though the 
Covered Bonds were Floating Rate Covered Bonds] 
with further variables set out in item [15/16] of 
these Final Terms  
 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :) [●]] [Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 226 ---
226 
18. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / include 
any other option from Condition 6(a)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond:  
 
[●] 
per 
Covered 
Bond 
of 
[●] 
Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Covered Bond of [●] 
Specified Denomination] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[Not Applicable / [●] per Covered Bond of [●] 
Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bond: 
 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination /Specified Denomination] 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond payable on redemption for taxation reasons, 
illegality or on event of default: 
 
 
[[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified 
Denomination]

--- Page 227 ---
227 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
Form of Covered Bonds:  
[Dematerialised Covered Bonds/ Materialised 
Covered Bonds] (Materialised Covered Bonds are 
only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
 
(i) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Covered 
Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / if Applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur) / administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) / fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
fully 
registered 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only) 
 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being forty 
(40) days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as specified in the Temporary 
Global Certificate] 
 
24. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest period for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 15(vi) and 16(vi) relate] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. As the Covered Bonds 
have more than 27 coupon payments, talons may 
be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.] (Only applicable to Materialised Covered 
Bonds) 
26. 
Details relating to Instalment Covered Bonds: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragrapghs) 
 
(i)  
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of each 
 
Covered Bond: 
 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
27. 
Representation of Bondholders - Masse (Condition 
12): 
[[Full Masse] / [Contractual Masse] shall apply]

--- Page 228 ---
228 
(Insert, below details of the Representative and 
alternate Representative and remuneration, if 
any:) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [F&S 
Financial Services, Vincent Fabié, 8 rue du Mont-
Thabor, 75001 Paris, France] / [●]] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[Aether Financial Services, 36 rue de Monceau, 
75008 Paris, France] / [●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
28. 
[Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of Bondholders as 
provided by Condition 12(a)(i): 
 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
29. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or if the Covered Bonds 
constitute “packaged” products for which a KID 
will be prepared “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
30. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that to the best 
of its knowledgesuch information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. ]20  
Signed on behalf of CRÉDIT AGRICOLE HOME LOAN SFH: 
 
 
 
20 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 230 ---
230 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris]/[specify relevant regulated market] with effect from [●] [; 
last day of trading expected to be [●], unless their maturity is 
extended to the Extended Final Maturity Date].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris]/[specify relevant regulated market]] with effect from 
[●].][Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
(b) Regulated Markets 
or equivalent markets 
on 
which, 
to 
the 
knowledge 
of 
the 
Issuer, securities of the 
same 
class 
of 
the 
Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading are 
already 
admitted 
to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the Program generally]]:  
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [●]] 
[Moody's France SAS: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's France SAS 
and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European 
Union, registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as

--- Page 231 ---
231 
amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu /supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European Union 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered the CRA 
Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation and such registration is not refused.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and included 
in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with CRA Regulation.] / 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Covered 
Bonds of the type being issued under the Program generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate 
relating to the borrowing program for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in the event of an issue of Covered 
Bonds equaling or exceeding Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate 
relating to such issue. 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below:  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Covered Bonds, 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material 
to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in

--- Page 232 ---
232 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
Reasons for the offer:  
 
[]*/[The Covered Bonds constitute [Green/Social] 
Covered Bonds and an amount equal or equivalent to the 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing Eligible [Green/Social] 
Assets: 
 
[describe Eligible Green Assets or Eligible Social Assets 
categories and/or any relevant framework, second party 
opinion(s) and where such information can be 
obtained].] 
 
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from the funding of the 
Borrower Advances or the purchase by the Issuer in the 
future of eligible assets other than the Borrower 
Advances and the Home Loan Receivables will need to 
include those reasons here.)]21 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
6. 
[FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [for the Fixed Rate period]. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price [for the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the Final 
Maturity Date]. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
 
 
 
21 Not required for Covered Bonds with a denomination of at least €100,000, except in case of Green Covered 
Bonds or Social Covered Bonds.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
7. 
[FLOATING RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES -  
 (i) Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/ SARON/[]] rates can 
be obtained from [Reuters/other [(or any successor)]]. 
(ii) Benchmarks: 
[As provided in section “General Information” of the 
Base Prospectus/Amounts payable under the Covered 
Bonds will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR 
/SARON/[]] which is provided by [].] [As at [the date 
hereof]/[], [EMMI/ /[]] [appears/does not appear] on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as 
amended (the "Benchmark Regulation] [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, [[], administrator of [] is not required 
to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the [Benchmark 
Regulation]]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the [Benchmark Regulation]/ apply, such that [] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation 
or 
registration.]] 
  
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) Temporary ISIN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) Common Code: 
[●] 
(iv) Depositaries: 
- Euroclear France to act as Central Depositary 
- Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
(v) Relevant clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme and the relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) and address(es)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION  
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 234 ---
234 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.] 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA Not Applicable]

--- Page 235 ---
235 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France as competent authority in France under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the French law Covered 
Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in such French law Covered Bonds. Application may also be made at the 
Issuer’s request for the notification of certificate of approval to any other competent authority of any 
other Member State of the EEA. Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the 
French law Covered Bonds on Euronext Paris. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid until 16 February 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not 
apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the update of the Program. Any issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Program, to the extent that such Covered Bonds constitute obligations under French law, requires the 
prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer, which may delegate 
its power to any other member of the board of directors, to the chief executive officer (directeur 
général), or with the latter's agreement to any of the deputy chief executive officer (directeur général 
délégué), or to any other person. For this purpose, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of 
the Issuer has delegated on 16 December 2021 to, inter alia, Mrs Nadine Fedon, chief executive officer 
(directeur général) of the Issuer, the power to issue obligations under the Program up to a maximum 
aggregate amount for one year of € 1,700,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currency), which authority 
will, unless previously cancelled, expire on 31 December 2022.  
(3) 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Program are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France 
SAS, AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and AAA by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
(together, the "Rating Agencies"). The rating of the relevant French law Covered Bonds will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer is not rated. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/page/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
(4) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2021. 
(5) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
of the Issuer since 30 June 2021. 
(6) 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
(7) 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a 
period covering at least the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or its group’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
(8) 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds being issued 
under the Program. 
(9) 
Application may be made for Covered Bonds to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France 
(66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). 
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of French law Covered Bonds will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(10) 
Ernst & Young et Autres, 1/2 place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie - Paris - La Défense 1, France (an 
entity regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, member of the French Compagnie 
nationale des commissaires aux comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have been 
appointed as Commissaire aux comptes to the Issuer as from 7 November 2007. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine, France (an entity regulated 
by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, member of the French Compagnie nationale des 
commissaires aux comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes) have been appointed as 
Commissaire aux comptes to the Issuer as from 14 May 2019. Ernst & Young et Autres and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited the financial statements of the Issuer for the two most 
recent financial years.. 
 
(11) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Covered 
Bonds and the performance of the underlying collateral, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
(12) 
The Issuer does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
(13) 
This Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto will be published on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms related to French law Covered Bonds admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so 
long as such French law Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
In addition, should the French law Covered Bonds be listed on a Regulated Market of the EEA other 
than Euronext Paris in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those 
French law Covered Bonds will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will 
be published on the website of (x) the Regulated Market of the Member State of the EEA or of the 
United Kingdom where the French law Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading or (y) the 
competent authority of the Member State of the EEA where the French law Covered Bonds have been 
listed. 
(14) 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Program, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and, with respect to the 
documents listed in paragraphs (a), (b) and (e) below, on the website of Crédit Agricole S.A. 
(http://www.credit-agricole.com): 
(a) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the 2019 Annual Financial Report, the 2020 Annual Financial Report and the 2021 Half-Year 
Financial Report;

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, forms of the 
Temporary Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the 
Receipts and the Talons, the form of the Terms and Conditions of the German law Covered 
Bonds and the form of Assignment of the German law Covered Bonds); 
 
(d) 
Final Terms for French law Covered Bonds that are listed and traded on Euronext Paris or any 
other Regulated Market in the EEA; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request, any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
(15) 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-12 and R. 513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the 
Specific Controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is 
greater than the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a 
quarterly borrowing programme and for any issue of notes or debts benefiting from the Privilège in 
a principal amount equal to or above €500 million or its equivalent in the currency of issue. 
(16) 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article 80.4 of decision 2015-01 of the Governor of the Banque de 
France relating to the implementation of the monetary policy and intraday credit of the Banque de 
France, the Issuer certifies that the SFH cover pool does not include asset-backed securities.  
(17) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds (other than German law Covered Bonds) or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds (other than German law 
Covered Bonds) at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no 
assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the Stabilising Manager (or the 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(18) 
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Program as a result of various factors involving 
certain parties to the Program Documents. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because 
Crédit Agricole S.A. acts in several capacities under the Program Documents, although its rights and 
obligations under the Program Documents are not contractually conflicting and are independent from 
one another. Also during the course of their business activities, the parties to the Program Documents 
and/or any respective affiliates may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans 
secured by properties, which are in the same markets as the Home Loans. In such cases, the interest 
of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform 
servicing functions may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer or of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds.  
In addition, the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Reference Rate Determination Agent in respect of an 
issuance of Covered Bonds under the Program. In such a case the Reference Rate Determination 
Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group, including as the case may be, a

--- Page 238 ---
238 
company within the Crédit Agricole S.A. Group, with the exception of the Issuer itself, that is 
involved in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst 
they will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of 
interest, they may in their other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Bondholders during 
the term and on the maturity of the Covered Bonds or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Covered Bonds and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Bondholders. 
(19) 
The yield of the Fixed Rate French law Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The yield will be calculated at the time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated 
will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the French law Covered Bonds and 
will not be an indication of future yield. 
(20) 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds bearing floating rates of interest are calculated by 
reference to benchmarks such as EURIBOR, SARON or any other reference rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “Benchmarks”). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of French 
law Covered Bonds bearing floating rates of interest will specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant 
Benchmark administrator and whether such Benchmark administrator appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”). 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the 
administrator. 
(21) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500C9913Z7PKUGB44.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
 
 
Montrouge, 16 February 2022 
 
In the name of the Issuer  
To the best of my knowledge, I represent that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Crédit Agricole Home Loan SFH 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
duly represented by Mrs. Nadine FEDON 
in her capacity as Chief Executive Officer (Directeur général) of the Issuer

--- Page 240 ---
240 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS  
 
1 
1988 Guarantee .......................................................... 116 
2 
2006 ISDA Definitions ................................................. 59 
2011 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 40 
2012 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2013 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2014 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2017 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2018 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2019 Annual Financial Report .................................... 40 
2019 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2020 Annual Financial Report .................................... 40 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2021 Covered Bonds Conditions................................. 41 
2021 Half-Year Financial Report ............................... 40 
2021 ISDA Definitions ................................................. 59 
 
3 
30/360 ............................................................................ 68 
30E/360 ......................................................................... 69 
360/360 .......................................................................... 68 
A 
Account Holder ...................................................... 10, 59 
ACPR .............................................................................. 1 
Actual/360 .................................................................... 68 
Actual/365 .................................................................... 67 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ....................................................... 68 
Actual/Actual ............................................................... 67 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ................................................... 67 
Actual/Actual-ISDA .................................................... 67 
Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) ........... 183 
Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount
 ..................................................................................... 183 
Adjustment Spread ...................................................... 65 
Administrative Agreement........................................ 176 
Administrative and Tax Costs .................................. 194 
Administrator ............................................................ 176 
Administrator Termination Events .......................... 179 
Agency Agreement ...................................................... 54 
Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal 
Amount (ACBOPA) .......................................... 183, 189 
Alternative Rate ........................................................... 65 
AMF ................................................................ 1, 218, 240 
Amortisation Ratio (RA) ........................................... 189 
Amortisation Test ...................................................... 182 
Amortisation Test Calculation Period ..................... 189 
Amortisation Test Date .............................................. 189 
Amortisation Yield .......................................................95 
Amortised Nominal Amount .......................................95 
Appendix .......................................................................52 
Applicable Deemed Reductions ................................ 183 
Applicant .................................................................... 146 
Applicants ................................................................... 146 
April 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions .......................43 
Arrangers ....................................................................... 9 
Arrêté ........................................................................... 120 
ASIC ............................................................................ 213 
Asset Contractual Documentation ............................ 158 
Asset Cover Ratio ....................................................... 182 
Asset Cover Test ......................................................... 182 
Asset Cover Test Calculation Period ........................ 182 
Asset Cover Test Date ................................................ 182 
Asset Percentage ........................................................ 185 
Asset Records ............................................................. 157 
Asset Report ............................................................... 156 
Asset Report Date ...................................................... 156 
Australian Corporations Act ..................................... 213 
Authorised Offeror ................................................ 41, 42 
Auto-held Covered Bonds ......................................... 110 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ..................... 65, 91 
Available Funds .......................................................... 192 
B 
Bank ............................................................................ 100 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ...................30 
Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive ........... 140 
Base Prospectus ............................................ 55, 218, 240 
Benchmark ...................................................................65 
Benchmark Amendments ...................................... 66, 89 
Benchmark Discontinuation ........................................13 
Benchmark Event ........................................................66 
Benchmark Regulation .................. 24, 67, 233, 255, 260 
Benchmarks ............................................................... 260 
Bond Basis ....................................................................68 
Bondholder ............................................................. 11, 55 
Bondholders ................................................................ 105 
Borrower ............................................................. 117, 142 
Borrower Advance ............................................. 117, 142 
Borrower Debt ..............................................................55 
Borrower Enforcement Notice .................................. 144 
Borrower Event of Default ........................................ 143 
Borrower Facility Agreement ........................... 117, 142 
Borrower Facility Commitment ................................ 142 
Borrower Hedging Agreement .................................. 180 
Breach of Amortisation Test ..................................... 191 
Breach of Asset Cover Test ............................... 156, 186 
Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding 
Requirement ............................................................... 161 
Breach of Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Funding 
Requirement ............................................................... 161

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio
 ..................................................................................... 187 
Breach of Pre-Maturity Test .................................... 189 
Broken Amount ........................................................... 72 
BRRD ........................................................... 30, 116, 140 
BRRD II ............................................................... 30, 141 
BRRD Revision .................................................... 30, 141 
Business Centre(s) ....................................................... 67 
Business Day ................................................ 67, 100, 164 
Business Day Convention ............................................ 67 
C 
Calculation Agent ........................................................ 73 
Calculation Agent(s) .................................................... 54 
Calculation Period ....................................................... 67 
Calculation Services Agreement ............................... 172 
CAMCA ............................................................. 118, 152 
CAMCA Credit Support ........................................... 162 
CAMCA Enhancement ............................................. 162 
CAMCA Guaranteed Loan Percentage ................... 161 
Carrying Cost ............................................................ 186 
Cash Collateral .......................................................... 159 
Cash Collateral Account ........................................... 160 
Cash Collateral Agreement ....................................... 159 
Cash Collateral Funding Notice ............................... 188 
Cash Collateral Provider .......................................... 159 
Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount (CCRFA)
 ..................................................................................... 188 
Cash Flow ................................................................... 108 
Central Body .............................................................. 115 
Change of Interest Basis ............................................. 91 
Clearstream...................................................... 3, 59, 112 
Closing Date ................................................................. 55 
Code ...................................................................... 99, 112 
Collateral Provider Eligibility Criteria .................... 149 
Collateral Providers .................................................. 145 
Collateral Providers Agent ....................................... 150 
Collateral Providers Agent's Event of Defaults ...... 150 
Collateral Security ..................................................... 145 
Collateral Security Agreement ................................. 145 
Collateralisation Ratio .............................................. 136 
Collection Accounts ................................................... 157 
Collection Loss Reserve ............................................ 160 
Collection Loss Trigger Event .................................. 160 
Collections .................................................................. 159 
Common Depositary .................................................. 112 
Conditions ............................................... 54, 55, 218, 240 
Consob ........................................................................ 210 
Couponholders ............................................................. 55 
Coupons ........................................................................ 54 
Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount ....... 185 
Covered Bonds ............................................... 1, 105, 108 
Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event ..... 12, 55, 56 
Covered Bonds Directive .......................................... 130 
Covered Bonds Previous Conditions .......................... 44 
CRA Regulation ..................................... 1, 231, 253, 257 
CRBF Regulation .............................................. 130, 134 
Crédit Agricole Entities .............................................. 55 
Crédit Agricole Group .................................................56 
Crédit Agricole Network ........................................... 115 
Crédit Agricole S.A. Group ................................. 56, 115 
Currency .......................................................................10 
D 
Day Count Fraction .....................................................67 
Dealer Agreement ...................................................... 206 
Dealers ........................................................................... 9 
Deductibility Exclusion .............................................. 200 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds .......... 3, 59, 112 
Dematerialised Coverd Bonds .....................................58 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds ............................... 3, 10 
Denomination ...............................................................11 
Description ..................................................................... 9 
Designated Maturity ....................................................73 
Determination Date ......................................................68 
Determination Period ..................................................68 
Distribution ..................................................................10 
distributor ....................................................... 5, 215, 238 
Documents incorporated by Reference ....................... 3 
Drawdown Request .................................................... 142 
E 
EEA ....................................................... 1, 4, 55, 216, 238 
Effective Date ...............................................................69 
Electronic Consent ..................................................... 104 
Eligible Asset ...................................................... 118, 151 
Eligible Assets ............................................................. 145 
Eligible Bank .............................................................. 167 
Eligible CAMCA Guarantor ..................................... 162 
Eligible Green Assets ...................................................52 
Eligible Social Assets ....................................................52 
EMU ..............................................................................60 
Enforcing Party .................................................. 158, 165 
equivalent offer .......................................................... 201 
ESMA ........................................................................ 1, 10 
EURIBOR .....................................................................33 
Euro Zone .....................................................................69 
Eurobond Basis ............................................................69 
Euroclear .................................................................. 3, 59 
Events of Default ..........................................................11 
Exception .................................................................... 201 
Exchange Date ............................................ 113, 227, 249 
Exclusion Letter ......................................................... 148 
Exercise Notice .............................................................95 
Extended Final Maturity Date .............................. 13, 93 
F 
FIEL ............................................................................ 211 
Final Maturity Date .....................................................13 
Final Regulations Date .............................................. 202 
Final Terms ........................................ 1, 10, 54, 218, 240 
Final Terms of Borrower Advance ........................... 142 
Finance Parties ........................................................... 146 
Financial Centre(s)..................................................... 100

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Financial Reports ........................................................ 45 
Financial Services Act ............................................... 210 
Fiscal Agent .................................................................. 54 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent in respect of 
French law Covered Bonds ........................................... 9 
Fitch .......................................................................... 1, 58 
Fitch Interest Reserve Trigger Event ....................... 163 
Fixed Coupon Amount ................................................ 72 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.................................... 13, 59 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds .......................... 13 
Floating Rate ................................................................ 73 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds ............................... 13, 59 
Floating Rate Option ................................................... 73 
Form of Covered Bonds .............................................. 10 
French law Covered Bonds ..................................... 1, 55 
FSMA ................................................................. 209, 210 
FTT ................................................................................. 4 
Further Issues .............................................................. 12 
G 
General Meeting .................................................. 14, 102 
German law Covered Bonds ......................................... 1 
Governing Law ............................................................ 14 
Green Bond Framework ............................................. 52 
Green Bond Principles ................................................ 52 
Green Covered Bonds ................................................. 52 
Group ........................................................................... 56 
H 
Hedging Costs ............................................................ 193 
Hedging Provider ...................................................... 180 
Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs .............. 194 
Home Loan ................................................................. 152 
Home Loan Eligibility Criteria ................................ 151 
Home Loan Guarantee .............................................. 153 
Home Loan Guarantee Reserve Account ................ 161 
Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount .. 148, 183, 
190 
Home Loan Receivable .............................................. 152 
Home Loan Security .................................................. 152 
I 
IGAs ............................................................................ 201 
Illegality .............................................................. 174, 179 
Index ........................................................................... 184 
Indexed Valuation ..................................................... 184 
Ineligible Home Loan ................................................ 152 
interest ........................................................................ 101 
Interest Accrual Period ............................................... 70 
Interest Amount ........................................................... 70 
Interest Commencement Date .................................... 70 
Interest Determination Date ....................................... 70 
Interest Funding Notice ............................................ 163 
Interest Payment ........................................................ 163 
Interest Payment Date ......................................... 70, 164 
Interest Period ..................................................... 70, 164 
Interest Period Date .....................................................70 
Interest Rate ............................................................... 164 
Interest Reserve .......................................................... 163 
Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event .................... 163 
Investor .........................................................................41 
ISDA Definitions ..........................................................70 
ISDA Rate .....................................................................73 
Issue Date ......................................................................10 
Issue Price .....................................................................11 
Issuer ..................................................................... 1, 9, 54 
Issuer Accounts .......................................................... 166 
Issuer Accounts Agreement ....................................... 166 
Issuer Accounts Bank ................................................ 166 
Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event ........... 170 
Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Events .............. 171 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Default ................................ 169 
Issuer Calculation Agent ........................................... 172 
Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Events ......... 174 
Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults .......................... 174 
Issuer Cash Accounts ................................................. 166 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis ............................. 70, 91 
Issuer Enforcement Notice ............................ 11, 56, 101 
Issuer Event of Default .......................................... 11, 56 
Issuer General Account ............................................. 168 
Issuer Hedging Agreements ...................................... 180 
Issuer Independent Representative .......................... 126 
Issuer Securities Accounts ......................................... 167 
Issuer Share Capital .................................................. 123 
Issuers Regulation ...................................................... 210 
J 
July 2010 Covered Bonds Conditions .........................43 
L 
Legal Substitution Assets........................................... 132 
LEI of the Issuer ........................................................... 9 
Lender ................................................................. 117, 142 
Level 1 Trigger Event ................................................ 161 
Level 2 Trigger Event ................................................ 161 
Listing and Admission to Trading ..............................14 
Local Banks ................................................................ 115 
local time .......................................................................72 
LTV Cut-Off Percentage ........................................... 184 
M 
Majority Bondholders ........................................... 12, 57 
MAS ............................................................................ 212 
Masse ..................................................................... 14, 101 
Materialised Covered Bonds ............................. 3, 10, 58 
Maturity ........................................................................13 
Member State ................................................................ 1 
MiFID II ............................................. 1, 5, 206, 216, 238 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .............................. 6 
Moody’s .................................................................... 1, 58 
Moody's Interest Reserve Trigger Event ................. 163 
Mortgage ..................................................................... 153

--- Page 243 ---
243 
N 
Negative Pledge ............................................................ 11 
Nominal interest rate ................................................... 12 
Non Compliance with Amortisation Test ................ 191 
Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test .................. 186 
Non-Cooperative State .............................................. 200 
Non-Cooperative States ............................................. 200 
Non-exempt Offer ........................................................ 41 
Non-Exempt Offer ..................................................... 207 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions ................................. 41 
Notice of Termination ............................... 171, 174, 179 
Notice to Debtor ......................................................... 157 
O 
offer ............................................................................ 207 
offer of Covered Bonds to the public ....................... 207 
Offer Period ......................................................... 41, 235 
Ordonnance................................................................ 141 
Original Market Value .............................................. 184 
Original Reference Rate .............................................. 70 
Outstanding.................................................................. 57 
P 
Page .............................................................................. 70 
Paying Agents .............................................................. 54 
Payment Date ............................................................... 57 
Permitted Investments .............................................. 177 
Plan of Distribution ....................................................... 6 
Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount ..... 188 
Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event .................. 188 
Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels ..................... 188 
Pre-Maturity Test ...................................................... 188 
Pre-Maturity Test Period .......................................... 189 
Price Indexed Valuation ............................................ 184 
PRIIPs Regulation ......................................... 5, 216, 239 
principal ..................................................................... 101 
Principal Financial Centre .......................................... 75 
Priority Payment Orders ............................................ 11 
Privilège ............................................................ 1, 61, 135 
Privileged Creditors .................................................. 194 
Program ......................................................................... 1 
Program Date ............................................................... 57 
Program Documents .................................................... 57 
Program Size .................................................................. 9 
Prospectus Regulation ...... 1, 55, 207, 216, 218, 239, 240 
Public Offer Jurisdictions ......................................... 235 
R 
Rate of Interest ...................................................... 70, 90 
Rating ............................................................................. 9 
Rating Affirmation ................................................ 10, 58 
Rating Agencies ................................................. 1, 9, 257 
Rating Agency .............................................................. 58 
Receiptholders ............................................................. 55 
Receipts ........................................................................ 55 
Recovery Framework ................................................ 141 
Redemption and Purchase ...........................................13 
Reference Banks ...........................................................71 
Reference Rate Determination Agent .........................71 
Regional Banks ........................................................... 115 
Registrar .......................................................................54 
Registration Agent ................................................. 54, 59 
Regulated Market .............................................. 1, 11, 58 
Regulation S ....................................................... 1, 3, 207 
Release Date ............................................................... 155 
Release Without Discharge Event ............................. 165 
Relevant Date ...............................................................71 
Relevant Financial Centre ...........................................71 
relevant Home Loan .................................................. 151 
Relevant Home Loans ................................................ 184 
Relevant Nominating Body .........................................71 
Relevant Rate ...............................................................71 
Relevant Screen Page ...................................................71 
Relevant Time ..............................................................72 
Relevant Transferred Home Loan ............................ 190 
Relevant Undertaking ............................................ 11, 62 
Remedy to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger 
Event ........................................................................... 170 
Replacement Reference Rate ......................................89 
Representation of Bondholders ...................................13 
Representative ...................................................... 14, 103 
Representative Amount ...............................................72 
Representative Consent ...............................................58 
Reset Date .....................................................................73 
Resolution Tools and Powers .................................... 141 
retail investor.............................................................. 206 
Risk Factors ................................................................ 2, 9 
Rules ..............................................................................41 
S 
S&P ........................................................................... 1, 58 
Second Party Opinions ................................................52 
Secured Liabilities ...................................................... 145 
Securities Act .............................................................. 1, 3 
Selection Date ............................................................. 150 
Selling Restrictions ......................................................14 
Series ................................................................... 1, 10, 54 
Service Termination Date .......................... 171, 175, 180 
Settlement .....................................................................10 
SFA .............................................................................. 212 
SFH ................................................................................ 1 
SFH Law ..................................................................... 114 
SFH Legal Framework .............................................. 130 
Share Capital Proceeds Account ............................... 168 
Shareholder Letter of Undertaking .......................... 123 
Social Bond Framework ..............................................52 
Social Bond Principles .................................................52 
Social Covered Bonds ..................................................52 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds .................................. 13, 189 
Specific Controller ........................................................ 9 
Specified Currency.......................................................72 
Specified Duration .......................................................72 
SSM Regulation .......................................................... 128

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Stabilising Manager(s) ............................................. 259 
Status of the Covered Bonds ....................................... 11 
Substitute Administrator .......................................... 180 
Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank .............................. 171 
Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent ......................... 175 
Substitute Specific Controller ....................................... 9 
Successor Rate ............................................................. 72 
Supplement .................................................................. 51 
Swap Transaction ........................................................ 74 
Switch Date ............................................................ 72, 91 
T 
Talons ........................................................................... 55 
TARGET Business Day ............................................... 67 
TARGET System ......................................................... 67 
Taxation ....................................................................... 12 
Temporary Global Certificate .............................. 3, 112 
Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer ....... 42 
Tranche .............................................................. 1, 10, 54 
Transfer Certificate ................................................... 155 
Transferred Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) ...... 190 
Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal 
Amount ....................................................................... 190 
Treaty ............................................................................60 
U 
unit ................................................................................92 
United States Selling Restrictions/TEFRA .................14 
V 
Vigeo .............................................................................52 
W 
WAFF ......................................................................... 147 
WALS ......................................................................... 147 
WAM ........................................................................... 185 
WARR ......................................................................... 147 
Withdrawal Letter ..................................................... 147 
Written Resolution ............................................... 14, 105 
Written Resolution Date ............................................ 104 
Z 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds ................................ 13, 59

--- Page 245 ---
245 
Issuer 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE HOME LOAN SFH 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
Arrangers 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND 
INVESTMENT BANK 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
Permanent Dealer 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent in respect of the French law Covered Bonds 
CACEIS CORPORATE TRUST 
1-3, place Valhubert 
75013 Paris 
France 
Calculation Agent 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE S.A. 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
92127 Montrouge 
France 
Auditors to the Issuer 
PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS AUDIT 
63, rue de Villiers  
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
ERNST & YOUNG ET AUTRES 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie - Paris - La Défense 
France 
Specific Controller and Substitute Specific Controller to the Issuer 
STÉPHANE MASSA (FIDES AUDIT) 
37, avenue de Friedland  
75008 Paris 
France 
MARTINE LECONTE (CABINET RSM) 
26 rue Cambacérès 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Legal Advisers to the Issuer as to French law 
JONES DAY 
2, rue Saint Florentin 
75001 Paris 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers to the Permanent Dealer as to French law 
GIDE LOYRETTE NOUEL A.A.R.P.I 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France